Demi Moore at Guy Oseary vow renewal She narrowly avoided entering the vow renewals of Madonna's manager Guy Oseary and his model wife Michelle at the same time as her ex Ashton Kutcher.

But Demi Moore led the pack of actors and musicians spotted heading to the couple's 'wedding feast' in Rio de Janeiro, gliding effortlessly through the event without a care.

Joined by the likes of Chris Rock, Dakota Johnson, David Arquette, Owen Wilson, Anthony Keidis, Flea and many others, Demi, 54, looked lovely in a floaty light blue patterned frock with long sleeves.

Brazilian blowout: Demi Moore steps out in a floaty pastel dress as she attends star-filled evening reception for Guy Oseary's vow renewals... after narrowly avoiding run-in with ex Ashton Kutcher

Could be awkward: Ashton Kutcher and Demi Moore reunited in Rio as the biggest names in music and film flock to Madonna's manager's $250k wedding on Tuesday

Near miss: The pair managed to sidestep one another at the renewal

She added pink heels and left her long raven locks loose.

She carried a contrasting mustard yellow shawl and a white leather purse with pink and black detailing.

She and Ashton obviously decided this was one invite they couldn't say no to - even at the risk of the an awkward reunion.

The couple were married between 2005 and 2013, eventually divorcing while Ashton went on to marry former on-screen love interest Mila Kunis in 2015.

Simply stylish: Demi, 54, looked lovely in a floaty light blue patterned frock with long sleeves. She added pink heels and left her long raven locks loose

V.I.P. guests: Demi was followed into the private residence by Flea from the Red Hot Chili Peppers, in a purple tie dye suit and matching shoes, and actor Owen Wilson in a jacket and tie

Feeling the chill? The actress later covered up in a taupe fluffy coat as she left the wedding party on the arm of a helpful assistant

The ex factor! Ashton, who was flying solo without wife Mila Kunis, didn't appear to cross paths with his ex-wife at the star-studded ceremony

A-list couple: Oscar winner Matthew, 47, was accompanied by his Brazilian wife Camila Alves, who wore a diaphanous sleeveless gown with floral detailing and a plunging neckline

Oscar winner Matthew McConaughey was accompanied by his wife Camila Alves, who, like Michelle Oseary, is Brazilian.

The actor, 47, wore an open-neck white shirt with a dark two-piece suit and brown shoes.

His gorgeous spouse wore a diaphanous sleeveless gown with floral detailing and a plunging neckline that flaunted her cleavage.

The dark-haired beauty, 35, added chandelier earrings and wore a white shawl draped across her shoulders.

Fifty Shades star Dakota Johnson showed her sense of style with a shimmery dress and matching sandal heels.

Her ankle-length frock had a long-sleeved blue bodice featuring a floral design and a dark pink skirt.

Plenty to smile about: Demi seemed in good spirits as she headed out into the night after the star-studded vow renewal

Pretty as a petal: Fifty Shades star Dakota Johnson opted for a shimmery dress with a long-sleeved blue bodice featuring a floral design and a dark pink skirt with matching sandal heels

Celebrity offspring: The actress daughter of Hollywood stars Melanie Griffith and Don Johnson wore her long dark hair loose with a center parting and sported bright red lip color

Had assistance: The movie star held onto a security guard as she entered the event and carried a black and gold clutch

Ready to party: Sean Combs showed up with girlfriend Cassie, 31, who looked stunning in a patterned dress with black bustier bodice and asymmetrical hem paired with matching jacket

Dapper rapper: Diddy, 47, wore a shiny midnight blue jacket with white dress shirt and black bow tie and the music mogul kept his sunglasses on despite the dark

What a dress: The singer looked incredible in her floor-skimming floral ensemble

Cute couple: The pair looked happier than ever as they cuddled up together

Guests: Comedian and actor Chris Rock, 52, was stylish in a dark suit and tie while partner Megalyn Echikunwoke, 34, showcased her legs in a yellow mini dress and black coat

Sean 'Diddy' Combs, 47, showed up with girlfriend Cassie, 31.

The rapper and music mogul wore a shiny midnight blue jacket with white dress shirt and black bow tie and kept his sunglasses on despite the dark.

Cassie looked stunning in a patterned dress with black bustier bodice and asymmetrical hem paired with matching jacket.

Fellow guest Chris Rock, 52, was stylish in a dark suit and tie while his partner Megalyn Echikunwoke, 34, showcased her legs in a yellow mini dress and black coat

Will he sing for his supper? Anthony Kiedis from the Red Hot Chili Peppers paired a pale blue linen jacket with a matching colored silk tie and navy trousers

Eye-popping: Jane's Addiction frontman Perry Farrell, 58, was also on the guest list with wife Etty Lau, 42, who fairly busted out of her figure-hugging strapless dress

Also on the guest list was Ashton Kutcher, who was once married to Demi Moore making for a possibly awkward encounter.

The former spouses were seen separately arriving at the luxury hotel that Oseary has rented out for his showbiz friends.

Both waved to the crowd of fans who had gathered to watch the celebrity guests coming and going.

Mobbed: Brazilian fans waved and took photos on their smartphones as the celebrities passed by

Chance of a lifetime: Everyone wanted to meet U2 frontman Bono as he signed autographs before heading to the ceremony

I do again: Dakota posed for a photo at the Christ The Redeemer statue where Oseary and his wife renewed their vows

Dressed in their finery, the A list guests started to arrive at the celebration on Tuesday afternoon with Oseary and his wife renewing their vows in a ceremony at Rio's famous Christ the Redeemer statue.

Madonna, of course, was on the guest list - along with her three youngest three daughters, Mercy, Stelle and Estere.

Seen getting into the party spirit and posing for pictures were supermodel Helena Christensen, model turned singer Karen Elson, Roman Abramovich's estranged wife Dasha Zhukova, and jewelry designer Jennifer Meyer along with U2 frontman Bono.

Also expected were Oasis guitarist Noel Gallagher and his wife, Sara MacDonald and British DJ Paul Oakenfold is tipped to perform at the reception.

Family time: Madonna, of course, was on the guest list - along with her three youngest daughters, Mercy, Stelle and Estere

Wedding ready: Jewelry designer Jennifer Meyer poses with (left to right) film producer Heather Parry, model Helena Christensen, model turned singer Karen Elson, Jennifer, Roman Abramovich's estranged wife Dasha Zhukova, actress Dakota Johnson and the singer Bono

Starry eyed: No newcomer to fame, Helena Christensen posed for a picture with U2

Oseary reportedly paid $100,000 to hold the vow renewal at the site of the landmark statue known the world over for the way it looks out over the city of Rio.

He also paid $150,000 to hire the entire five-star Fasano Hotel in Rio as the place to stay and party with famous friends.

Guy and Michelle tied the knot for the first time back in 2006, and now raise three children together - Oliver, 11, Mia, eight, and Levi, five.

Guy, 45, who produced The Twilight film franchise, had cameras on hand to capture every moment of his special day.

In the morning, he posted a touching Instagram tribute to Michelle, captioned: 'Today is a special day in my life. My marriage to my Brazilian princess.. A new and exciting chapter begins in just a few hours.. RIO-October 24-2017,'

And he added the hashtags #Luckyguy #LOVE #Family #ONE, saying: 'I found this photo of Michelle from a show she did many years ago.'

Touching tribute: Guy posted this loving Instagram message to Michelle on Tuesday

Family guy: The talent manager and Brazilian model Michelle, 39, at an event with their children, Oliver, 11, Mia, eight, and Levi, five, back in 2013

Set to wed: The couple's friend, film producer Heather Parry, shared this picture of the pair to Instagram

Close: Oseary became the manager for his long-term business partner, Madonna, back in 2005 (pictured together at the Met Gala in May 2011)

They do! Talent manager Guy Oseary tied the knot with wife Michelle Alves renewed their vows today (pictured)

Again! Michelle, a Brazilian model, originally married Guy back in 2006 but the two decided to renew their vows

The pre-party: Their star-studded second wedding kicked off with a rehearsal dinner on Monday (pictured)

And a vacation, too: The couple had guests fly to Rio de Janeiro for the event

Swanky: Supermodel Helena shared a snap from her room at the luxurious Fasano Hotel on Ipanema Beach

Happy as can be: Bono took to the official U2 Instagram account to share a video of himself and his bandmates at the Fasano Hotel waiting to go to the ceremony

Star-studded: The snaps that have popped up on social media show a smiling bride (right) and A-list guests

A bit of shopping: Demi was seen buying flip-flops in town before the wedding

Friends! The band was joined by supermodel Helena, who had gamely posed for pictures with them earlier

Fancy pants: The reception was held at the mansion of Brazilian TV host Luciano Huck and his wife Angelica (pictured)