Paris Jackson honors late father Michael with new tattoo Her father died when she was just 11 years old.

But Paris Jackson still feels the guiding influence of Michael, which she confirmed on Saturday with a new tattoo. The 19-year-old honored her late dad with a new inking of the word 'Applehead' in cursive on her left foot.

The eight-year anniversary of the King Of Pop's death falls on Sunday.

'You lift my foot and guide me forward': Paris Jackson honored late father Michael with a new 'Applehead' tattoo which she unveiled on Saturday

'Applehead' was a term of endearment the icon would often call his loved ones and those close to him.

'With every step I take, you lift my foot and guide me forward. love you,' she captioned the Instagram photo.

Just this week the actress went on an expletive-ridden Instagram rant at her haters, who criticize her for - among other things - her tattoos.

'A lot of s**t is said about me and people I know and people I'm related to. This is for the people who don't agree with who I am and what I do,' she spat in the dimly-lit series of clips.

Influence: 'With every step I take, you lift my foot and guide me forward. love you,' she captioned the Instagram photo

Nickname: 'Applehead' was a term of endearment the icon would often call his loved ones and those close to him

'Yeah, I get it. Y’all don’t like the tattoos, y’all don’t like the profanity, y’all don’t like... my free spirit, my outspokenness and how I’m a young chick and I should be quiet.'

She then went on to insist that she is doing all that she can to make a decent life - and set a decent example for other youngsters.

'I am a teenager, I am doing the best I can,' she continued. 'I’m working as hard as I possible can to make a living for myself and create my own life.

'I’m fighting for human rights, I’m fighting for animal rights, I’m fighting for the environment. Basically any liberalist movement that will create positive impact on this planet, I’m trying to get involved in.'

Hitting back: Paris lashed out at her critics in a series of lengthy videos on Instagram on Wednesday night

Public: Paris and Prince, and their younger brother Prince Michael Jackson II, made one of their first public appearances at their father's Los Angeles memorial service in July 2009

She also went on to suggest that much of the criticism she has faced may be due to the fact that many of the people who follow her are actually fans of her dad, who died unexpectedly on June 25, 2009.

'Most of my following is usually my father's following and they're a lot older, they watched me grow up,' she reasoned. 'They saw him when he was in his very, very younger [days].

'So understand that the older people that are watching me and seeing what I'm doing don't necessarily agree with all of this because they have very conservative views.'

Both she and her brother Prince have a number of tattoos honoring the late icon; in April the 20-year-old revealed his latest; a leg tattoo depicting his dad dancing with angel wings.