'Extra' with the Stars on the Met Gala Red Carpet Getty

“Extra's” AJ Calloway was on the red carpet tonight for the invitation-only fundraiser to benefit the New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute. This year's theme, "Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination" brought out an array of jaw-dropping fashion moments.

Madonna, who arrived wearing a veil in a Catholic queen themed ensemble, told AJ, “We've been planning for a month, maybe more. I'm a planner. First, I thought I should just come in on a cross, carried on a cross.”

George Clooney, who served as co-chair of the event with his wife Amal, just celebrated a birthday yesterday. AJ asked him if he had a chance to party. George revealed, “I went out to dinner and then all the women wanted to call it a night at 9 o'clock because of today!”

Getty Jennifer Lopez hit the carpet with boyfriend Alex Rodriguez. Dressed in a Balmain gown, Jennifer revealed, “Olivier (Rousteing) just designed it. He sketched it and sent it to me and we had two choices and this is so amazing. He reminded me of Anna Wintour's first cover and that was the inspiration, her first cover. He's a genius.”

Getty Ariana Grande, said she prepared for the gala, “A long time, I'm ready to go to sleep.” Dressed in Vera Wang, she said, “We did the Sistine Chapel back wall by Michelangelo. This is the last judgement. It's very exciting -- I think Vera's the best.”

Getty Actress Olivia Munn spoke to AJ after facing the wall of photographers, saying, “That was intense out there! They get so mad at you, they get mad at everyone around you – it's really intense” As for her dress? “I came with H& M. The dress was inspired by the crusades, and it's a chain metal dress. I was in the van on my way from the hotel here being sewn up into this dress!”

Getty Sarah Jessica Parker arrived with her date Andy Cohen wearing a nativity scene headpiece and told AJ, “It's a Neapolitan nativity altar, for real. It's the actual real thing to scale”

Getty Actress Tiffany Haddish, dressed in Brandon Maxwell, told AJ she's ready for the after-parties, saying, “Yeah, who getting me pregnant tonight?”