Is Carey Mulligan Pregnant With Baby No. 2? Another bundle of joy? Carey Mulligan stepped out for dinner in London on Thursday, June 1, and showed off what appeared to be a very noticeable baby bump.

Related: Just Like Us: Celebrity Moms From grocery shopping to bonding with their kids, see how star mamas spend their day

The actress, 32, and husband Marcus Mumford welcomed their first child, Evelyn, in September 2015. “They have been loving being parents and their friends and family are thrilled,” a source told Us at the time.

Mulligan opened up about first-time motherhood weeks after giving birth. “The last couple of weeks have been pretty stressful,” the Suffrage star said at the Elle’s Women in Hollywood event in October 2015, per E! News. “Doing press and doing it with a tiny baby, timing has been very important and babies do what they want, which is a challenge.”

Related: Famous Celebrity Pregnancies: Baby Bump Hall of Fame Let me see that sexy body go bump, bump, bump! From Kim Kardashian to Angelina Jolie, celebrities' pregnancies are on display on red carpets, the streets of New York and L.A., and in their own pregnancy shots. Take a look at some of the most famous celebrity pregnancies.

She added, “But it’s really helpful when you have Meryl Streep backstage at events shouting at people on your behalf — telling them to hurry the hell up because you have a nursing mother here.”

Related: Celebrity Babies 2016 Chrissy Teigen, Kelly Clarkson, James Van Der Beek, Allison Holker and more stars welcomed adorable babies into the world in 2016. See who else was blessed with a bundle of joy!

Mulligan and her musician hubby, 30, tied the knot in a stunning April 2012 wedding ceremony in Somerset, England. The Walker star and the Mumford & Sons frontman were previously childhood pen pals before their friendship turned romantic in 2011. Famous pals including Jake Gyllenhaal, Sienna Miller and Colin Firth attended the pair’s nuptials.

“They’re a great couple,” an insider previously told Us. “Very sweet.”