Bethenny Frankel Says She Once Went on a Date With Meghan Markle's Ex-Husband Two topics in the culture right now that I will happily talk about ad nauseam are the upcoming nuptials of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry and the return of the Real Housewives of New York to the Bravo primetime lineup. I just never thought they would meet up in a Venn diagram of my obsessions. Yet here were are, and it's all thanks to Bethenny Frankel.

In a new interview with Australia's Kyle and Jackie O Show, Frankel revealed that she once briefly dated Markle's first husband, Trevor Engelson. "I met this guy as a romantic interest. His name is Trevor,” she said. “So I met him in Chicago and we were supposed to go out, and I ended up seeing him one time and he’d been texting me. He’s a producer in L.A. He told me that he was married before. He’s divorced [now]. He was married to this girl named Meghan Markle from the TV show Suits.”

X content

Apparently, Frankel didn't know anything of Markle at the time but was floored when news of her relationship with Prince Harry went public in 2016. She says, according to Us Weekly, she told Engelson, "Holy s–t! Your ex is going to be a princess. Is that crazy?”

The RHONY star says they went on one date, but the relationship was more focused on business than romance. "He pitched me a TV show idea to produce together about a bunch of businesswomen, which I think we are going to do,” she said. “He looks a little bit like my ex [Jason Hoppy], which scares me. We bypassed the romantics and went into the business. But I don’t know, there’s something there. There’s something salacious about doing a TV project with Meghan Markle’s ex.” Not to mention the PR possibilities, right?

Engelson and Markle married in 2011 and divorced in 2013. According to Deadline, he's also working on a scripted show about a man whose ex-wife marries a British prince, forcing him to share custody with the royal family. But frankly, we're way more excited about the Harry and Meghan Lifetime movie.

Related Stories:

The First Trailer for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's Lifetime Movie Is Really Something

Luann de Lesseps' Apology for Her Diana Ross Costume on 'RHONY' Just Doesn't Cut It

Instead of Gifts, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry Want You to Donate to These Charities