Scarlett Johansson ‘Can’t Unsee’ This Photo of Her Boyfriend Colin Jost Scarlett Johansson’s weekends have a nice update these days!

The 33-year-old Avengers: Infinity War actress opens up on Tuesday’s episode of The Ellen DeGeneres Show about her boyfriend, Colin Jost.

“I guess I’m a Colin fan, I’d have to say,” she teases when DeGeneres asks her which of the “Weekend Update” hosts, Jost or Michael Che, she prefers on Saturday Night Live.

DeGeneres then shares a throwback photo of Jost, 35, with writer John Mulaney back when the SNL star had scruffy hair and a beard.

“I can’t unsee it now. Oh no!” a wide-eyed Johansson exclaims.

“Have I just broken y’all up?” DeGeneres quips.

“I can’t say that that’s an image I’ll ever forget,” Johansson admits.

The action star also opens up about her 3-year-old daughter, Rose, saying, “It’s true, [motherhood] gets better every day. She’s my little buddy, love her.”

Johannson adds that her daughter is more interested in princesses than her mom's Avengers character, Black Widow.

“She’s a very sweet girl, very, very, very girlie -- like, painfully girlie. She wants to wear the princess dress to bed and she wants to wear it to school,” Johansson explains. “If you ask her what I do for a living, she says, ‘Mommy’s a superhero.’”

So will the superhero mom be getting her own Black Widow movie?

“I think there’s room for it,” she says of a possible stand-alone Marvel film with her as the leading lady. “I think the only way to do it is if it’s something we’ve never seen before that was really groundbreaking and incredibly bada**… I think it could be something really special.”

On Monday night, Johansson walked her first red carpet with Jost at the Infinity War premiere.

“It was alright. It was not bad, you know -- get some laughs in and enjoy it,” she told ET of their first appearance as a couple. “I'm just excited to share this experience with him because I'm so excited to see the film. I haven't seen it before!”

RELATED CONTENT: