Game of Thrones season 8 spoilers: Sansa Stark to BETRAY Jon? Star drops HUGE clue Game of Thrones: Kit Harington emotional after series wraps 1769452631m4XY7jTU

Sophie, who stars as Sansa in the hit HBO series, has hinted that there could be some more sibling rivalry when the show returns.

In season seven of Game of Thrones, fans were no doubt gripped as they watched Sansa and her half-brother Jon Snow (played by Kit Harington) argue over how to rule the North. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

While Jon was named King in the North, he quickly rode off to see Daenerys Targaryen (Emilia Clarke) and beg her to help fight the Night King (Vladimir Furdik).

When Jon left Winterfell, Sansa took control and it seems like she may take the reigns a little more in the new series.

Speaking of how her character takes on a more powerful role in season eight, Sophie explained: “She’s used Littlefinger for all he has. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

“As she said, ‘Thank you for all your lessons.’ He has nothing left to give her. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

“So she is so empowered. She has a family behind her. She has Littlefinger, Cersei, Margaery, everyone’s wisdom and teachings all behind her.

“She’s a real, try leader of Winterfell now.”

Sophie went on to tell Digital Spy: “And that’s where we first see her - as a very protective, empowered lady in charge.

“It’s the first time you ever see her like that, and it’s so amazing to see her like that - kind of owning her destiny.”

Game of Thrones season 8 spoilers: Sansa Stark to BETRAY Jon? Star drops HUGE clue

With Jon having been gone for so long, could he return to Winterfell to find Sansa has betrayed him and taken control?

It’s certainly likely, especially when the Stark children find out that Jon is really Aegon Targaryen.

Sansa, her sister Arya (Maisie Williams) and their brother Bran (Isaac Hempstead-Wright) all worked together to take down Littlefinger (Aidan Gillen) in the series seven finale.

Given that Sophie noted that she has her “family behind her”, it seems that the trio could team up so that the Stark family take control of the North while Jon fights alongside Daenerys.

But will Jon survive without them?

Game of Thrones season 8 spoilers: Sophie Turner stars as Sansa Stark

Game of Thrones season 8 spoilers: Will the Starks betray Jon after he teamed up with Daenerys?

Meanwhile, Sophie also took time to reflect on her time on the HBO series.

She commented: “I’ve been so, so lucky because it’s the biggest acting part I think I could have ever had.

“To be able to take her through the motions of being beaten down, and growing and eventually evolving - literally season by season, you see a huge change in her.

“And now, we’ve got to the point where she’s this steely, strong, manipulative, intelligent, kind, young woman, and it’s completely the opposite of who she was at the beginning of the series.”