Here's how much money the cast of 'Bachelor in Paradise' allegedly makes by appearing on the show Corinne Olympios. ABC

The INSIDER Summary:

As news continues to break about the alleged "Bachelor in Paradise" incident involving Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson, it's worth keeping in mind how much contestants get paid.

According to Reality Steve, some contestants made between $7,000 and $15,000 in season one.

They also make money off of Instagram endorsements and appearing on other reality shows.



Before a recent incident allegedly involving former "Bachelor" and "Bachelorette" contestants Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson suspended filming, "Bachelor in Paradise" was merely a silly show where former rejected candidates could try to "find love" once again on the beaches of Mexico.

But that all changed when news broke on Sunday that filming for the spinoff show went off the rails immediately after an incident that caused one producer to allegedly file a third-party complaint, according to a source who spoke with Los Angeles Times reporter Amy Kaufman.

Cast members have since spoken out — including host Chris Harrison — about how "heartbroken" they are that the show is canceled. And while the alleged incident itself sounds upsetting if what sources say is true, cast members seem more upset that the show isn't filming.

Part of that may have to do with how much money they can make off of "Bachelor in Paradise."

Contestants on "The Bachelor" and "The Bachelorette" don't make any money for their appearances, unlike the stars of the show, who are typically paid $100,000. The real money comes after the show when they can begin making a living off of Instagram endorsements, and by going on other ABC reality shows, such as "Bachelor in Paradise."

Nick Viall on "Bachelor in Paradise." ABC/Rick Rowell

According to Reality Steve, "some [contestants] get paid per day they are there, some get paid per episode they're on, and some get paid a flat rate (usually alumni)." In season one, Reality Steve alleged someone could make anywhere from "$7,000-$15,000 total."

And now there's precedent that if they become really popular, the "Bachelor in Paradise" contestants could become the next "Bachelor" or "Bachelorette" star themselves — that is what happened with Nick Viall, a former two-time contestant on "The Bachelorette" who finally got his own show on "The Bachelor" after making two appearances on "Bachelor in Paradise."

So while the contestants are reacting to the news, it is worth keeping in mind that thousands of dollars could be on the line for them after the show has suspended filming. They could also potentially be missing out on Instagram endorsements, other reality shows, and maybe even becoming the next "Bachelor" or "Bachelorette" themselves.