Vili Fulaau claims he and ex-teacher are still in love Vili Fualaau has said his relationship with his wife and former grade school teacher Mary Kay Letourneau is not over despite filing for divorce.

Though he and Letourneau fell in love 20 years ago, Fualaau made the move to file for divorce from the registered sex-offender to protect his business interests, according to RadarOnline.

Fualaau says he and his wife are still happily together, but he filed for legal separation because he believes it will make it easier to get a license to distribute marijuana cigarettes.

He submitted the paperwork on May 9 in Issaquah, Washington seeking to end the 12-year marriage to the mother of his children, but told RadarOnline: 'It's not necessarily what you think.'

'When you want to get licensed, they do background checks on both parties. If I decide to be a part of it, I have to be licensed, and I have to be vetted, and so does a spouse. She has a past. She has a history,' he explained.

Letourneau served seven years in prison for having a sexual relationship with Fualaau when he was her 12-year-old student in 1996.

Scroll down for video

Is it over? Mary Kay Letourneau has filed a petition with the court to have the legal separation filed by her husband Vili Fualaau dismissed. Fualaau filed for legal separation from Mary Kay Letourneau earlier this month

Because she has a felony child-rape charge, the now 55-year-old will be on the registered sex offender list for the rest of her life.

'All the rumors that you hear between us. It's fine. Of course [we are still in love]. A piece of paper doesn't break someone's feelings,' he told Radar.

Letourneau, however, didn't seem to agree with her husband's train of thought, as she filed a petition with the court to have the separation dismissed.

The ex-teacher filed the documents just hours after he declared the couple had separated, TMZ reported.

Her documents don't cite a basis for her move to dismiss the case from the court.

The original divorce filing states that the two own no property and have no debts, with neither party asking for spousal support.

In the beginning: Letourneau was 34-years-old and a married mother of four young children when she began having a relationship with Fualaau, who was 12 and her student (couple, above)

Fualaau, now 33, was just a sixth-grade student when he began having an affair with Letourneau back in 1996, despite the fact that the 34-year-old was married and had four young children. The couple is pictured above with their two daughters

Fualaau, now 33, was just a sixth-grade student when he began having an affair with Letourneau back in 1996, despite the fact that the 34-year-old was married and had four young children.

The couple first met when Fualaau was in Letourneau's second grade class in Seattle, but did not begin to have a sexual relationship until four years later, when he was 12.

Letourneau, now 55, ultimately got a divorce from her first husband and served seven years in prison to be with Fualaau, who she married shortly after her release.

She gave birth to the couple's first child while out on bail in 1997, and their second while in prison.

Fualaau also stated in his filing that the couple's two children are no longer dependent while asking for a fair division of the couple's joint assets.

The couple could have celebrated their 12th wedding anniversary just last week.

TMZ was the first to report on the split.

These days, Fualaau works at a home and garden center while Letourneau is employed as a legal assistant, unable to teach due to her status as a sex offender.

Fualaau has also been working to get his DJ career up and running, spinning at a local bar on weeknights under the name DJ Headline.

He and his estranged wife also hosted Hot for Teacher nights at a local bar a few years after their marriage.

Happy days: Fualaau was banned from seeing Letourneau in prison, but the pair were married in 2005 after her release (above with daughters Audrey and Georgia in 2015)

Two years ago, the couple broke their silence on the eve of their tenth wedding anniversary in a sit down interview with Barbara Walters for the 20/20 special American Scandal.

In that interview, Letourneau said that the relationship between the two did not start until after the school year was over, and that it quickly became physical.

'The incident was a late night that it didn't stop with a kiss. And I thought that it would and it didn't,' said Letourneau.

'I loved him very much, and I kind of thought, "Why can't it ever just be a kiss?"'

By the time Fualaau was 13, Letourneau was pregnant, but she managed to keep everything under wraps until the following year when her husband found a love letter sent by the pre-teen.

He quickly alerted the authorities who questioned Fualaau and later arrested Letourneau, whose husband stood by her side through that first sentencing and the public ridicule which followed as news of the relationship became public.

Fualaau was a troubled Samoan boy from a broken home living in a rough part of Seattle. His father served time in prison for an armed robbery, and he had a difficult relationship with his mother.

Letourneau by comparison was living what appeared to be a picture-perfect life with her two sons, two daughters and handsome husband.

Troubled teacher tempts teen: Letourneau got pregnant with their first daughter Audrey when Fualaau was just 13, and gave birth (left) shortly before pleading guilty to second-degree child rape in 1997 (right)

Gone girl: After the birth of her second child with Fualaau, Letourneau's husband filed for divorce and moved to Alaska with the couple's four children

Letourneau did not let that dampen her relationship with Fualaau, and while out on bail she gave birth to their daughter Audrey.

Three months later she entered a guilty plea to charges of second-degree child rape and was sentenced to six months in prison.

She was paroled however after three months on the condition that she stay away from Fualaau, a condition she quickly broke when the two were discovered having sex in a car just weeks after her release.

Letourneau then began to serve her seven-year prison sentence, during which time she gave birth to the couple's second daughter, Georgia.

After the birth of her second child with Fualaau, Letourneau's husband filed for divorce and moved to Alaska with the couple's four children.

She remains close to her four children from her first marriage, and told Walters: 'All of our holidays were always together, and they're very close with their sisters.'

Fualaau did admit in that interview however that it was awkward being less than two years older than his wife's oldest son.

Picture perfect: Letourneau's four children from her first marriage, Steven, Jackie, Mary Claire and Nick in the mid-90s

Girl power: Letourneau's three oldest daughters, Jackie, Mary Claire and Audrey

Being a father at such a young age and bringing up the girls without Letourneau was a struggle Fualaau told Walters back in 2015 during their interview.

He was eventually forced to drop out of high school and slipped into a depression, stating that at one point he battled alcoholism.

'I don't feel like I had the right support or the right help behind me,' he said. 'From my family, from anyone in general. I mean, my friends couldn't help me because they had no idea what, what it was like to be a parent, I mean, because we were all 14, 15.'

He was not allowed to visit Letourneau while she was in prison but he believes contact with her would've helped him. She was the only person he really needed to talk to, he said.

'I mean, if they gave me more options or choices to make instead of just saying, 'Oh, you can't talk to her anymore,' and I was like, 'I really do want to talk to her, though,'' he said.

'I'm surprised I'm still alive today. I went through a really dark time.'

Letourneau was released in August 2004, and married Fualaau in May of the following year, by which time her former student was a 21-year-old adult.

Then, in a move that shocked many, she opted to remain in the community where she had lived with her ex-husband and four children.

Family unit: The Fualaau sisters (George left, Audrey center) pose with their father in a photo posted on Monday

The couple's two daughters, Audrey and Georgia, also joined them for their 2015 interview with Walters.

Both girls said that they attend school and sing in a choir in the same district where their mother once taught. Audrey graduated high school that June, while Georgia graduates next month.

The Fualaau sisters said their parents have told them how they met, but they were not taken aback by the scandalous circumstances surrounding their mom and dad's relationship.

'There was never a sit-down chat, 'Now is the time we're going to talk to our children about this,'' explained their mother.

'They seemed to already know... because they grew up with it.'

Letourneau and Fualaau also revealed back in 2015 that despite their age difference most of their arguments revolve around child-rearing these days.

'He told them [Audrey and Georgia] several years ago that they are not permitted to have a boyfriend, and I thought to myself, 'That's not gonna work,' said Letourneau with a smile.

Fualaau seems to have gotten past that, and can be seen in numerous photos with his daughter Audrey and her boyfriend on Facebook.