Busy Philipps suffers 'hair dye mishap' with a 'bright fuscia' do Busy Philipps rang in her 39th birthday on Monday.

But the day did not exactly go off without a hitch, as the Cougar Town scene-stealer shared with her fans on her Insta Stories.

Looking disgruntled, Busy explained: 'Guys, I had a hair dye mishap on my birthday. Accident. I used a new hair dye, and it's like bright fuscia. Oh, no!'

Bit of a problem: Busy Philipps' 39th birthday on Monday did not exactly go off without a hitch, as the Cougar Town scene-stealer shared with her fans on her Insta Stories

Busy laughed weakly, captioning the video with white text on a red block reading: 'Nothing is permanent!'

The Illinois-born actress reassured herself: 'But it'll fade. And, you know, whatever, maybe this is who I am now - 39. Maybe this is me.'

Busy continued to post snapshots of the pink do to her stories that day, including one she captioned: 'The pink is growing on me.'

Oops: Looking disgruntled as she filmed herself, Busy explained that she had 'By accident' suffered a 'hair dye mishap' that left her do looking 'bright fuscia'

Bright side: Busy laughed weakly, captioning the video with white text on a red block reading hopefully: 'Nothing is permanent!'

'Maybe this is me': The Illinois-born actress reassured herself: 'But it'll fade,' adding: 'And, you know, whatever, maybe this is who I am now - 39'

Her birthday festivities included an array of her loved ones, ranging from her mother Barbara to her four-time Oscar-nominated best pal Michelle Williams.

She had a previous adventure with hair dye this past Thursday, opting for a burnt-orange shade on what also happened to be National Selfie Day.

'Guys, I guess it's National Selfie Day,' said Busy, who has a late-night show percolating at E!. 'It does still feel like the world is burning, so who the f*** cares?'

Feeling it out: She frequently ran her right hand through her locks

Family matters: The He's Just Not That Into You actress has been married to I Feel Pretty co-director Marc Silverstein since 2007, and they have two daughters, Cricket and Birdie

The Freaks And Geeks and Dawson's Creek alumna added: 'Anyway, every day is National Selfie Day. I don't need one day. I've got 'em all.'

She explained of her new look: 'I dyed my hair, as you can see. It went a little bit - it's like very rosé. It's actually more like a skin contact orange wine, which are very hot right now, so that's cool.'

The He's Just Not That Into You actress has been married to I Feel Pretty co-director Marc Silverstein since 2007, and they have two daughters, Cricket and Birdie.

Adjusting: Busy continued to post snapshots of the pink do to her stories that day, including one she captioned: 'The pink is growing on me'