Guillermo Del Toro refuses to leave Golden Globes stage despite time being up: 'It's taken 25 years' Your support helps us to tell the story Read more Support Now From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging. At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story. The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it. Your support makes all the difference. Read more

Guillermo Del Toro won 'Best Director' for his film The Shape of Water at the 2018 Golden Globe Awards, and he wasn't about to let anyone steal his glory.

After the orchestra began playing music after he barely began his speech, Del Toro insisted he deserved more time since he had waited so long for this accolade.

The Shape of Water director wasn't going to let mood music ruin his moment.

"Lower the music," he said, once the music began. "It's taken 25 years. Give me a minute. Give me a minute!"

His wish was the Golden Globes' command because he got to continue his acceptance speech.

"For 25 years I have handcrafted very strange little tales made of motion, colour, light and shadow," he explained. "In three precise instances, these strange stories, these fables, have saved my life. Once with Devil's Backbone, once with Pan's Labyrinth, and now with Shape of Water, because as directors, these things are not just entries in a filmography. We have made a deal with a particularly inefficient devil that trades three years of our lives for one entry on IMDb. And these things are biography and they are alive."

The Shape of Water stars Octavia Spencer, Michael Shannon, Sally Hawkins and Doug Jones.

Del Toro was nominated alongside Martin McDonagh for Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk, Ridley Scott for All The Money In The World and Steven Spielberg for The Post.

The director's speech wasn't the only impassioned one of the night - Oprah Winfrey gave a memorable monologue for her acceptance of the Cecil B. DeMille award for excellent contributions to the entertainment industry.

This is Del Toro's first Golden Globe win.