Terri Irwin breaks down talking about 'soulmate' Steve Irwin Terri Irwin has revealed that she's never gotten over her grief of losing 'soulmate' Steve Irwin, after his shock death in September 2006.

The 53-year-old American-Australian personality erupted into tears when she recalled the heartbreaking moment she found out that he had died, after he was attacked by a stingray on Queensland's Batt Reef.

Talking to ABC's Anh's Brush With Fame, the mother-of-two said she'll never move on from Steve and find another partner, saying: 'I'm just lonely for Steve.'

Scroll down for video

'I'm just lonely for Steve': Terri Irwin reveals she's never overcome her grief at losing her 'soulmate' as she recalls the heartbreaking moment she was told he had been killed by a stingray

'I always felt with Steve, if I hadn't married Steve I wouldn't have gotten married,' Terri said, with the pair tying the knot in the US in June 1992, four months after getting engaged.

She said when she first met Steve she wasn't even looking for love, but their connection was instant.

'I wasn't even dating, I wasn't even looking. I was 27-years-old and figured my life was going to be my work and met Steve and fell instantly in love,' she recalled.

'We instantly fell in love': She said when she first met Steve she wasn't even looking for love, but their connection was instant

Terri went on to describe Steve as her 'soulmate' and said she isn't interested in dating since he passed away.

'I feel that we had that soulmate thing. And in the ten years since, I haven't dated or even thought about it. Because I'm not afraid to be on my own.'

She added: 'It's just really hard not having Steve. I'm just lonely for Steve if that makes sense.'

Terri spoke about how she deals with her grief, and said she's never overcome it.

'Grief hits you at the most bizarre times. So I might be talking to biology students and it will remind me of Steve and I will burst into tears.'

'I'm not afraid to be on my own': She said she isn't interested in dating after losing Steve

She added: 'You don't ever get over grief. It changes, but you never wake up one morning and go, "oh, I'm done with that."

'That was the challenge in the journey after Steve died.'

Steve was killed by a stingray in a freak accident 11 years ago at the age of 44, leaving behind Terri to look after their children, Bindi, 19, and Robert, 14.

Bindi was eight at the time of her father's death, while Robert was just two-years-old.

Terri was in Tasmania with Bindi and Robert when Steve passed away, after a stingray barb pierced his chest - shocking the world.

Family: Steve was killed by a stingray in a freak accident 11 years ago at the age of 44, leaving behind Terri to look after their children, Bindi, 19, and Robert, 14

Steve was shooting the documentary, Ocean's Deadliest, while she took the kids interstate while he worked.

Terri spoke about the last time she and the kids saw Steve, saying he was when he was waving goodbye to them as they caught the plane to Tasmania.

'I felt so bad for Robert because he was too little,' Terri said.

'He was in his seat belt and fun police [referring to herself] didn't take the seat belt off so he could see his dad and wave goodbye. And that was the last time we saw him,' she said.

Terri said she arrived in Tasmania and was told to call a zoo manager - who told her about Steve's death, leaving her shocked and heartbroken.

'What do I do next?' Terri said she arrived in Tasmania and was told to call a zoo manager - who told her about Steve's death, leaving her shocked and heartbroken

'I just remember this incredible sense of responsibility,' Terri said.

'This feeling of overwhelming grief but, it was like, "what do I do next?"

'So I kind of collected my thoughts and then I had to go out to the car and tell Bindi and Robert, which was really hard.'

Arrangements were soon made for the family to fly back to Australia Zoo, with a private plane being arranged and a car to the airport.

Terri cried when she recalled how she chose to drive herself and the children to the plane.

Sad: She spoke about the last time she and the kids saw Steve, saying he was when he was waving goodbye to them as they caught the plane to Tasmania

'So I got in the car and they said, "we'll drive you to the airport." And I said, "no."

She added: 'So I drove myself, got in the plane and went home. But the thing I didn't expect or understand was just how it affected everyone.'

'So we got back and it was dark, and we drive into the zoo and there's all this media out front of the zoo.'

'And I thought, "you've done the story. It has been on the five o'clock news. Why are you still here?" But then no one would have been more surprised than Steve at that, just outpouring of grief and love,' Terri said.