Meghan Markle’s Best Style & Fashion Moments 2018 Meghan Markle. Photo: Karwai Tang/WireImage

Meghan Markle currently has one of the most enviable wardrobes on the planet, but she’s always had impeccable taste, even before she was a royal. It was once immortalized on her lifestyle site, the Tig (rest in peace), and now it’s immortalized in thousands of photos, Instagrams, and blogs devoted to what the Duchess of Sussex wears on any given day.

And of course, everyone wants to shop like Meghan. We’ll be rounding up her best outfits and where to buy the exact pieces so you can build out your Duchess of Sussex wardrobe. All that’s left is the messy bun and royal title.

Meghan in London, England

Meghan will be the royal patron of four lucky charities, according to a recent announcement. She visited one of them, Smart Works, where she styled some women for job interviews. It’s all very exciting, but for a moment let’s focus on her shoes. The duchess, while doing the very royal act of becoming a patron of an organization, wore some very fun but non-royal shoes. Her cow-hide and Lucite heels are by Gianvito Rossi, and they are incredible.

Photo: Clodagh Kilcoyne/WPA Pool/Getty Images

Even better, she paired them with a relatively inexpensive (for a royal) dress from trendy maternity brand Hatch. It’s still available on Shopbop, FYI. She finished the outfit with a gorgeous Oscar de la Renta coat, which is as beautiful and bouncy as her sister-in-law’s hair. Get the look (or a facsimile) below.

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. HATCH Eliza Dress $218 Photo: 18-01-15 ekaterinamiasnikova PM1 B2 chelsealahee W Available in One Size. $218 at Shopbop Buy

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Gianvito Rossi Plexi 85 velvet pumps $556 $556 at MyTheresa Buy

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Cotton Twill Coat $2,990 Available in sizes S–L. $2,990 at Oscar de la Renta Buy

Meghan in Auckland, New Zealand

Finally, Meghan and Harry have welly wanged. Apparently, Meghan and her team of schoolchildren of Auckland defeated Harry and his team. Welly wanging is a sport where you try to throw a rainboot (Wellington boot) as far as possible. The royals frequently participate in Welly Wanging – Kate Middleton often does it in heels – and it’s always thoroughly enjoyable. Anyways, to play the game Meghan wore a pair of J. Crew jeans, a simple scoop neck t-shirt and a Karen Walker blazer with a pair of wellington boots. Business on top, serious sportsman on the bottom.

Photo: Karwai Tang/WireImage/Getty Images

📽 The Duchess of Sussex’s red team won the welly wanging contest, beating The Duke’s yellow team! #RoyalVisitNZ pic.twitter.com/D5REmCCJfM — The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge (@KensingtonRoyal) October 30, 2018

Meghan, as per usual, had two other outfit changes that day. She arrived in Auckland in a mono-chromatic beige look. She wore a custom shift dress from American designer Brandon Maxwell, a trench coat by Burberry with Bishop sleeves, and Stuart Weitzman heels. She re-wore the heels later that night to a dinner with New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern along with a navy-blue dress by Antonio Berardi. Sadly, those pieces are sold out, but shop her welly wanging look below.

From left: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry at a reception in Auckland. Photo: PHIL WALTER/AFP/Getty Images Meghan Markle arriving in Auckland. Photo: Karwai Tang/WireImage From left: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry at a reception in Auckland. Photo: PHIL WALTER/AFP/Getty Images Meghan Markle arriving in Auckland. Photo: Ka... more From left: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry at a reception in Auckland. Photo: PHIL WALTER/AFP/Getty Images Meghan Markle arriving in Auckland. Photo: Karwai Tang/WireImage

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Pull-on Toothpick Jean in Black $75 Available in sizes 23-37. $75 at J.Crew Buy

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Fathom Jacket $437 Available in size 12. $437 at Karen Walker Buy

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Scoop Neck T-shirt $44 Available in sizes XXS-XL. $44 at Lavender Hill Clothing Buy

Meghan in New Zealand

Meghan and Harry headed to New Zealand to discuss voting and hang out with a bunch of people in costumes. The second day in Wellington, the two started the day in a café, where they met with young New Zealanders passionate about mental-health initiatives. Meghan, ever down-to-earth, wore a Club Monaco trench coat and turtleneck sweater. It’s an easy fall look to re-create. The trench from Club Monaco is sold out, but there’s a doppleganger on sale.

Photo: Ian Vogler/Getty Images

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Aaylina Trench $298 Available in size XS–L. $298 at Club Monaco Buy

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Harriet in Black $195 Available in sizes 22–34. $195 at Outland Denim Buy

That night, Meghan and Harry went to hang out with some performance artists as part of an event for Courtey Creative. Meghan and Harry did not show up in costume, sadly. Instead, Meghan wore a customized dress by Maggie Marilyn. The dress normally comes with puffed sleeves, which the duchess had removed. Naturally she finished the look with Manolo BB heels.

Photo: Samir Hussein/Samir Hussein/WireImage

Meghan in Tonga, Day 2

Another day, another three outfits. Meghan started out the day in a dress by Martin Grant, the same designer who made the long striped dress that she wore to the Anti-Bad Vibes circle in Sydney. The fluffy A-line skirt is a usual silhouette for the duchess, but it looked very princess-y. Especially when paired with — what’s that? — another pair of Manolo Blahnik BB pumps, this time in olive suede.

The Duke and Duchess of Sussex held a meeting with the Prime Minister of Tonga, Akilisi Pohiva. #RoyalVisitTonga pic.twitter.com/C0LnBCoWQJ — The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge (@KensingtonRoyal) October 25, 2018

Later in the day she changed into a Veronica Beard sky blue dress (currently sold out) to finish out her time in Tonga. Upon arrival back in Australia for the Australian Geographic Society awards, she wore an Oscar de la Renta pre-fall 2018 gown decorated with birds. How apt for the nature awards.

🇹🇴 Mālō Tonga! Thank you for an unforgettable visit! #RoyalVisitTonga pic.twitter.com/bAhxUvuKf0 — The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge (@KensingtonRoyal) October 26, 2018

Photo: James D. Morgan/Getty Images for Australian Geog

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Martin Grant Striped Cotton Dress $1,358 $1,358 at Moda Operandi Buy

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Prada Bibliotheque Bag $1,820 $1,820 at Orchard Mile Buy

Meghan in Tonga

Megs looked very bridal in a custom Theia dress when she and Harry went to a reception for the King of Tonga. (When you’re a princess, you get to wear a wedding dress on a regular Thursday night.) She wore the dress with a pair of Aquazzura bow-tie heels, which are probably her second-favorite shoe after the Manolo BB pumps in navy suede. Finishing the outfit was Princess Diana’s aquamarine ring, which Meghan also wore during the royal wedding 2.0.

Photo: Pool/Samir Hussein/WireImage

Photo: Rex/Shutterstock/WireImage/Getty Images

Earlier in the day, the Duchess wore red. The red dress by Self Portrait is not yet available (and Meghan had the hem tailored to a custom length), but it is available for pre-order. True Meghan stans will not only get the dress, but also custom-tailor the dress’s hem, just like she did.

Photo: Samir Hussein/WireImage

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Red Embroidered Midi Dress $490 $490 at Self Portrait Buy

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Manolo Blahnik BB Pump $625 $625 at Barneys New York Buy

Meghan in Suva, Fiji

Photo: Ian Vogler/WireImage

It’s hard to decide what’s best about this outfit — Meghan, her cape, or her little baby bump. It’s all so good. The dress is from Safiyaa, a brand known for its bold colors and sharp tailoring. It’s just form-fitting enough to accentuate her lower torso — a great choice for a state dinner, in the opinion of someone who has never attended a state dinner.

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Ginkgo Cape Dress $1,431 $1,431 at Safiyaa Buy

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Manolo Blahnik BB Pump $625 $625 at Barneys New York Buy

Meghan in Sydney, Australia

Photo: Chris Jackson/Getty Images for the Invictus Games Foundation

While watching sailing with Prince Harry during the Invictus Games, Meghan wore Vejas — a favorite sneaker among hypebeasts and sustainable fashion bloggers (who generally have little in common otherwise). The oracle of Meghan Markle’s fashion, Meghan’s Mirror, guessed that the jeans were the pair from Outland Denim that she had worn in the tour, which are ethically made.

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Veja V-10 Leather Sneakers $150 $150 at Net-A-Porter Buy

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Krewe Gravier $315 $315 at Club Monaco Buy

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Harriet in Black $195 Available in sizes 22–34 $195 at Outland Denim Buy

Photo: REX/Shutterstock

It wasn’t the first time this weekend that Markle embraced sustainable style. To be fair, she’s wearing many Australian designers and many Australian designers are more eco-friendly. But, she also wore an American favorite on a trip to Fraser Island. The Duchess wore a Reformation sundress with a thigh-high slit and messy bun. The dress is currently out of stock.

Photo: Karwai Tang/WireImage

The fourth sustainable designer Meghan wore over the weekend (and Monday in Australia) was Stella McCartney, the same designer who made her second wedding dress. Markle paired the navy cape dress with a coat by Gillian Anderson for the opening ceremony of the Invictus Games.

Meghan in Bondi Beach, Sydney

Photo: Samir Hussein/WireImage/Getty Images

Like anyone visiting Sydney, the Sussexes visited the famous Bondi Beach. The two sat with plastic flower leis in a “no bad vibes” circle that concluded in a group hug. That’s how they do it in Australia. Meghan kicked off her wedges for a brief moment and wore a gorgeous dress from Australian designer Martin Grant.

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Martin Grant Pleated Stripe Long Dress $1,420 Buy Buy

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Karen Walker Temptation Studs $369 $369 at The Iconic Buy

Meghan in Melbourne, Australia

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. Photo: Karwai Tang/WireImage

On a trip to Melbourne, Meghan played rugby in stilettos and then smartly changed into flats for the beach, and another shift dress. The dresses look almost identical, but I’m assuming HRH wanted to match the navy dress to the navy shoe and the black dress to the black shoe. Shop the look below.

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Dion Lee Folded Sail Dress $990 Available in sizes 4–14. $990 at Dion Lee Buy

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Manolo Blahnik BB Pumps $625 $625 at Barneys New York Buy

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Gucci Sylvie leather mini bag $1,200 $1,200 at Farfetch Buy

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Rothy’s Black Solid $145 $145 at Rothy’s Buy

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Miguellina Dress $268 Available in sizes 00–12. $268 at Club Monaco Buy

Meghan in Dubbo, Australia

Photo: Samir Hussein/Samir Hussein/WireImage/Getty Images

This is Meghan’s banana bread–making outfit. The jeans are from eco-friendly Australian brand Outland denim and the blazer is from her friend Serena Williams’s collection. The look is very classic, especially with a slicked-back ponytail.

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Maison Kitsune Logo-Embroidered Cotton Oxford Shirt $219 Available in sizes XS–XXL. $219 at MatchesFashion Buy

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Boss Oversized Blazer $145 Available in sizes XS–XL. $145 at Serena Williams Buy

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Harriet High-Rise Skinny in Black $195 Available in sizes 22–34. $195 at Outland Denim Buy

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Sadie Ankle Boots in Suede $178 $178 at J.Crew Buy

If you buy something through our links, New York may earn an affiliate commission.