15 Nostalgic Fashion Brands That Are Making A Comeback In 2017 Remember how your mom would look at pictures from her youth and say things like, "Can you believe I used to wear that?" Well, us '90s kids are probably never going to feel that way (for now at least), considering all of our favorite nostalgia brands are making a comeback in 2017. We have been given the luxury of being able to wear our favorite throwback brands all over again as adults — without ever having to look back at pictures and question what we were thinking.

Perhaps this recent trend of old brands making a comeback is the result of '90s kids having become adults, and as a result, are the tastemakers of the times. Inspiration comes from what you know, and what we know are chokers, Birkenstocks,and Juicy tracksuits.

Interestingly enough, a majority of the nostalgia brands making a comeback are sportswear brands, like Champion, Adidas, and Jockey, which I think we can attribute to our generation's obsession with athleisure and just generally being comfortable.

A lot of the nostalgia brands' popularity can probably be traced back to various celebrities sporting the merch, too, as well as celebrity collaborations, like Rihanna's Fenty x Puma collection or the Guess x A$AP Rocky collab. And of course, you can't discount the Kardashian clan's contribution to the return of certain brands, because I'm pretty sure Kylie Jenner might be the only person brave enough to sport Von Dutch again in a non ironic way.

Here are 15 nostalgia brands making a comeback in 2017.

1. Juicy Couture

First Kylie Jenner wore a black Juicy Couture track suit and then Urban Outfitters collaborated with Juicy Couture for a limited-edition collection of velour track suits, rompers, crop tops and more.

2. Esprit

Courtesy of Opening Ceremony

Esprit was popular back in the 1980s and 90s, and thanks to a collaboration with Opening Ceremony, you're starting to see the logo more and more places again.

3. Calvin Klein

Calvin Klein has made such an aggressive comeback that you can't even go a day without seeing a model on Instagram sporting the brand.

4. Guess

Courtesy of Guess

A$AP Rocky has been collaborating with Guess on a few collections and has successfully brought the brand back to the forefront of pop culture.

5. Adidas

Adidas has successfully made its sporty styles a part of everyday life again, thanks to its overwhelmingly popular classic sneakers. Now, the logo is seen on everything from yoga pants to dresses.

6. Jockey

Is Urban Outfitters trying to make Jockey the new Calvin Klein?

7. Champion

Champion has been around for almost one hundred years (they'll celebrate the milestone in 2019) so it only makes sense that they would have a comeback. In the past year, they've collaborated with Supreme and Vetements, and have been seen on Kylie Jenner (obviously).

8. GAP

GAP brought back all of its biggest hits from the '90s in its Archive Re-Issue Collection, because who doesn't want another iconic GAP hoodie?

9. Nike

While Nike has always been popular, especially among athletes, Nike's Cortez sneaker has skyrocketed in popularity in 2017, and you can't help but notice its throwback aesthetic (peep the sneakers on Farrah Fawcett back in the day).

10. Von Dutch

Fact: If Kylie Jenner thinks Von Dutch is cool again, a majority of teenagers probably do too.

11. Reebok

Reebok has always been around, but its recent partnership with top model Gigi Hadid is a sure way to ensure the brand will be around for many more years to come.

12. Tommy Jeans

Not even surprised Tommy Jeans are making a comeback. How cute are these jackets?

13. Puma

Blame Rihanna (and possibly Kylie Jenner, and possibly The Weeknd) for this one. Puma's cool streetwear styles are now a hot commodity in the fashion world.

14. K-Swiss

K-Swiss is getting in on the action with its new Generation-K Collection, filled with new takes on old classics.

15. Birkenstock

Everyone you know probably owns a pair of Birkenstocks, so it's safe to say people are thrilled about this classic, comfy sandal's comeback.