Paris Hilton calls herself 'Aspen Barbie' on ski vacation Paris Hilton's enjoying her holiday season.

The 36-year-old socialite was snapped as she hit the slopes in Aspen, Colorado on Wednesday with her boyfriend Chris Zylka, and also shared plenty of social media shots to celebrate the luxe holiday getaway.

'Beautiful day up on the mountain,' the Stars Are Blind singer captioned a shot of herself on the ski slope, with another shot of her sitting on a ski lift that read, 'Aspen Barbie.'

Scroll below for video

Hitting the slopes: Paris Hilton, 36, lent support to her boyfriend Chris Zylka in Aspen, Colorado on Wednesday as the duo went skiing

The 5ft8 fashionista wore a hot pink ski jacket with a furry brown hood and black ski pants with a pink helmet, showing a prescient ability on the slopes.

Zylka, a 32-year-actor who's been seen on The Leftovers, The Amazing Spider-Man and Piranha 3DD - wore a large ski coat with a grey camouflage pattern, khaki ski pants and a black helmet.

On Instagram, Paris shared a shot of herself and Chris with the caption, 'Barbie & Ken in Love,' preening on top of a hot pink luxury car to a house beat as she caressed and smooched with Zylka.

Paris wore heart-shaped sunglasses and a pink patterned skirt with matching magenta gloves and red heels as she sat atop the vehicle, changing poses, and radiating glamour while doing so.

Getting ready: The socialite was pretty in pink as she rode on a ski lift in Colorado

On the move: Hilton has done plenty of traveling this winter, hitting up locales such as Moscow and London

Capable: Paris showed off she's an experienced skier as she looked effortless in her journey down the slope

Alpine skiing: The DJ looked comfortable as she made her way down the slope

Happy: The reality star looked content as she posed for a shot on the snowy mountain

Zylka, who's been at Hilton's side during her jet-setting journeys to locales such as London, Moscow and New York City this year, wore a black suit with funky red sunglasses for the glam social media clip.

The Nothing in This World songstress revealed earlier this year that she's 'never been surer of anything in my life' than she is of her relationship with Zylka. She told E! News this past March: 'I feel so safe and he's so special. We're best friends and we're together every minute. I don't know what else I could ask for. He's perfect for me.'

The socialite has previously in relationships with reality star Doug Reinhardt, singer Nick Carter, Entourage star Adrian Grenier and male model River Viiperi.

Smooches: Paris labeled herself and Chris 'Barbie and Ken' in a stylish Instagram clip

Mainstay: Hilton has stayed relevant in pop culture amid nearly two decades in the public eye