Alexander Skarsgard Hints That He's Returning for ‘Big Little Lies’ Season 2 Will Perry Wright live on?

Alexander Skarsgard’s diabolical, abusive character, Perry Wright, was killed off in the finale of the first season of the hit HBO drama, Big Little Lies. So, fans were confused when they saw photos of Skarsgard on the show’s season two set.

"I was on set, yes. I can’t disclose what I did on set,” Skarsgard coyly shared on Wednesday’s Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. "Maybe, I was acting. I might have been just moral support. I might have just made coffee for the ladies. I might have helped Meryl Streep with her acting… Not help, but just give her little pointers, fine tune it a bit.”

In the upcoming season, Streep is portraying Mary Louise Wright, the headstrong mother of Perry. If Skarsgard does end up reprising his role in the series, even in flashbacks, it will be his first real chance to work with Streep, despite them having both starred in the 2014 film The Giver.

"I did a movie years ago and one of the incentives was to work with Meryl Streep. It was a scene with Meryl Streep and I was very, very excited about it,” he recalled. "I didn’t sleep the night before. I was really excited about it. I showed up on set and I was like, ‘Alright, where is Mrs. Streep?’”

Turns out, she was no where near the set in South Africa.

"And they were like, ‘Oh no, she’s in London. She’s going to be hologram in this scene because it’s a sci-fi. So you’re just going to stare into empty space here and say your lines and someone will read Meryl’s lines off camera,’” Skarsgard recalled, laughing.

Skarsgard won both an Emmy and a Golden Globe for his role as Perry in Big Little Lies, as did his on-screen wife, Nicole Kidman.

Last summer, the 42-year-old actor pitched some ideas to ET as to how his character could return to the show.

"Well, we can do a prequel," he suggested. "I tried to pitch the idea of Perry having a twin sister who shows up, Terry, and she's, like, pissed off because all these ladies killed her brother. So, basically a revenge story of her just going berserk in Monterey and killing all these women."

For more on the second season of Big Little Lies, watch the clip below:

RELATED CONTENT: