Tamar Braxton Deletes Instagram Account Amid Vincent Herbert Drama Tamar Braxton is in the middle of more crazy drama.



Amid her divorce from Vincent Herbert, the 40-year-old singer deleted her Instagram account on Wednesday after going off on a woman claiming to be pregnant with her ex's baby.



The Braxton Family Values star shared a lengthy story to the social media platform on Saturday, claiming that a woman -- who many believe to be Basketball Wives: L.A. star Laura Govan -- told her she was expecting a child with Herbert. Govan and Herbert have both denied the rumors, according to E! News.



"Vincent Herbert is having a baby and his whore decided to let me know about it tonight!!" the message, which was deleted shortly after Braxton posted it, read. "That stupid broke a** whore should check public records on Christmas before she goes through with it!! He called back (despite of his protection order) begging and lying... like he's hanging out with Joe and Rocxi (from BET) oh yeah... that's credible... no shade."



"However, before u judge me know the FACTS!!" the post continued. "He's a real piece of work!! Smh happy new year folks!! Ladies and gentleman know that 2018 is a FRESH start and if I can leave this liar u can leave yours too."



Braxton is referring to an incident that was reported on Christmas Day. According to TMZ, Herbert was arrested last month and booked on suspicion of spousal assault. He was released a few hours later on a $20,000 bail. Herbert has also denied these allegations.

Braxton filed for divorce from Herbert last October, just ahead of the season five premiere of the couple's reality show, Tamar & Vince. The pair was married for nine years, and share a 4-year-old son, Logan.

"This season of #TamarandVince is going to be hard for me," she wrote on Instagram one day later. "But I think it's so important for you all to see because I used to think marriage was easy and 'I got this'... but like my mom says 'Sometimes you get the bear and sometimes the bear gets you.'"



Hear more on what led to Braxton and Herbert's shocking split in the video below.



RELATED CONTENT:

Tamar Braxton Opens Up About 'Living a Lie' During Marriage to Vince Herbert

Tamar Braxton Files for Divorce From Husband Vincent Herbert

'Tamar & Vince': Tamar Breaks Down After Receiving 'Worst News Ever' About Vince

