Thomas Rhett and Wife Lauren Adopt Baby Girl Willa Gray Akins Meet Willa Gray Akins! I can’t believe our daughter is finally home?? Thank you to everyone who prayed every single day for this sweet girl pic.twitter.com/ykKFjI83wh — Thomas Rhett (@ThomasRhett) May 12, 2017

She’s here! Thomas Rhett and his wife, Lauren, announced on social media on Friday, May 12, that they’ve welcomed a daughter named Willa Gray Akins home from Uganda.

Related: Cutest Celebrity Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

“Meet Willa Gray Akins! I can’t believe our daughter is finally home ??,” the “T-Shirt” singer tweeted along with a family photo. “Thank you to everyone who prayed every single day for this sweet girl.”

Thomas and Lauren, who is pregnant with their first biological child, decided to adopt after Lauren visited Uganda with charity 147 Million Orphans. At the time, she was having trouble getting pregnant.

Related: Revisit the Celebrity Babies Born in 2016 Revisit the celebrity babies that were born in 2016, including Chrissy Teigen and John Legend's daughter Luna, Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna's baby girl Dream and more — watch

“Lauren had this amazing glow about her and it just felt like she was already our daughter in a weird way,” the singer told People magazine after seeing a photo of Lauren holding Willa when she was just a newborn on the trip. “‘I just blurted out, ‘We should bring her home.’”

Related: Famous Celebrity Pregnancies: Baby Bump Hall of Fame Let me see that sexy body go bump, bump, bump! From Kim Kardashian to Angelina Jolie, celebrities' pregnancies are on display on red carpets, the streets of New York and L.A., and in their own pregnancy shots. Take a look at some of the most famous celebrity pregnancies.

Lauren is due to bring another daughter home this August