'Captain Marvel' spoilers: Brie Larson's costume debuts online but isn't what fans expected The first look at Brie Larson as Captain Marvel is here, but those who are expecting to see her in the character's red, blue, and gold suit might be disappointed.

Larson was photographed recently while filming the upcoming movie in Atlanta and she was outfitted in black and green. For those who are out of the loop, there is a reason why Captain Marvel is in this costume.

While it looks weird for some, it is actually not a deviation from the comics. Savvy comic book readers will recognize that the color scheme matches the old costume by the original Captain Marvel, aka Mar-Vell, before he switched it out for a red and blue one. According to reports, Carol Danvers herself donned a similar suit before she upgraded it to the most recognizable gear.

Don’t forget the first Kree uniform! Then she upgraded it to the iconic red/yellow/blue!!!! MY HEART ITS HAPPENING #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/zJLq78wnd6 — Captain Marvel News

It remains to be seen how Danvers gets the suit in the film. But, in theory, it could be her initial costume when she first receives her alien superpowers. "Captain Marvel" will take place partially in the 1990s, before the age of heroes and before Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson) lost his left eye. Danvers' modern look will show up at a later point in the movie.

Co-directed by Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck in a screenplay written by Meg LeFauve and Nicole Perlman, "Captain Marvel" will be the first superhero film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) to feature a female lead. Apart from Larson and Jackson, the buzzy blockbuster also stars Jude Law as Mar-Vell, and Ben Mendelsohn and DeWanda Wise in top-secret roles. The film is scheduled for release on March 8, 2019.

Whether or not Larson will debut as the character in this May 4's "Avengers: Infinity War" is unclear, but she is definitely joining the squad in the upcoming "Avengers 4." The MCU Phase 3 capper will hit theaters on May 3, 2019.