North West pulls her own Frozen suitcase as she and Kim Kardashian leave Paris Kim Kardashian may have once been the biggest star in the Kardashian family but all of that changed 21 months ago when her daughter North West was born.

And the tot - known as Nori by her clan - once again stole the spotlight as she emerged in Paris with her mother on Thursday.

Arriving at Charles de Gaulle airport, North melted hearts as she pulled her Frozen suitcase along behind her while making her way through the terminal.

Scroll down for video

Jet-setter: North West pulled her own suitcase behind her as she arrived at Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris with her mother Kim Kardashian on Thursday

She doesn't want to let go! North reached for her Disney suitcase as a bodyguard passed it over to Kim

Unlike Kim, who clearly had someone else to look after her luggage, North wanted to have her own stuff and looked impossibly cute as she pulled the suitcase which was almost as big as she is.

And while Kim and North's dad Kanye West have showered the tot with designer clothing and accessories, Nori proved she is just an ordinary kid at heart with her choice of luggage with pictures of Disney's Frozen on it.

Featuring princesses Anna and Elsa on the front, the sparkly silver and blue item cut a striking contrast to Kim and North's sombre all-black outfits.

It's mine! North couldn't bare to be parted from her beloved suitcase, reaching for the sparkly and blue luggage as Kim held her up

North's sparkly suitcase featured Frozen's heroines

Frozen is a computer-animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios.

Inspired by Hans Christian Andersen's fairy tale The Snow Queen, the film tells the story of fearless princess Anna who sets off on an epic journey to find her estranged sister Elsa.

She is joined by iceman Kristoff, his pet reindeer Sven, and snowman Olaf as she tries to track down Elsa whose powers have inadvertently trapped the kingdom in eternal winter.

North is not alone in loving the movie, as along with raking in money at the box office, on its first day of release on Blu-ray and DVD, it sold 3.2 million units, becoming one of the biggest home video sellers in the last decade.

It's been one week since Kim landed in Paris with peroxide hair and set tongues wagging.

Tiny traveller: 21-month-old Nori's suitcase was taller than her when she pulled out the handle

Between her parade of impossibly revealing outfits, touch-ups to her blonde locks which have seen her go even lighter and amorous displays with husband Kanye West, she has certainly kept people entertained.

But North has been kept under wraps, until she emerged on Thursday, dressed in matching black with her mother and looking even more adorable than ever.

The tot flashed a huge smile as she and Kim left their hotel, Le Royal Moncaeau, to head to the airport .

Stylish as ever, the tot was dressed in jeans and a bomber jacket with her hair tied back.

Doing her own thing: While Kim had someone else to carry her luggage, North wanted to look after her own, even though the suitcase was almost as big as she is

I'm walking here! North was all attitude as she made her way through the terminal with Kim

The only colour in her all-black outfit were a pair of maroon Doc Martins and the orange lining on her coat.

Her mother wore leggings, slouchy velvet boots and a full length black coat with a fur collar.

While Kim and Kanye have spent the past week attending the many shows at Paris Fashion Week, they wisely decided to leave North at the hotel after her theatrics at New York Fashion Week.

She's done this before: North has been a jet-setter since an early age as her parents prefer to take her with them on their travels where possible

Doting: Kim affectionately looked down at her little girl as the independent youngster pulled her suitcase

The youngster made her feelings on fashion shows obvious when she threw two tantrums on the front row, one at her father's own presentation and another during Alexander Wang.

North was first spotted throwing a tantrum during her dad Kanye's presentation of his debut Adidas collaboration.

The only child sat between US Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour and Beyonce bawling her eyes out.

Glad that's over! No doubt North is happy that Fashion Week is over until next season, considering her tantrums at NYFW

Where's daddy? There was no sign of Kim's husband Kanye West as the pair arrived at the airport

Anna and Beyonce's reaction to North became an internet sensation as the pair looked as if they could care less about the crying child.

The Keeping Up With The Kardashians reality star had to leave early and take her backstage.

Elle magazine's Anne Slowey was heard muttering, 'Couldn't they leave it backstage?' according to The New York Daily News.

'Typical celebrity crap. Like I really even care,' the publishing icon allegedly was overheard saying.

A helping hand: Kim lifted North up as the pair went through airport security before their flight

Watch out Kim: Kardashian may have once been the biggest star in the Kardashian family but all of that changed 21 months ago when her daughter North was born

Grandmother Kris Jenner revealed Kim and Kanye took North backstage to give her a snack to stop her crying.

The following day, Kanye spoke about the incident backstage after the show, and not surprisingly his explanation revolved all around himself.

'Maybe she was just scared for her daddy,' Kanye told i-D, fashion know-it-all for Vice. 'She just wanted people to stop being mean to her daddy.

Home time: Kim carried North into the airport as they prepared to leave Paris following Kim's week of fashion fun

Fashionable mother: Kim wore a long black coat with a furry collar for her flight

Look who's back! Kim emerged from her hotel, Le Royal Moncaeau in Paris on Thursday with her adorable daughter North

Excited to be out and about: After spending the past week under wraps, North looked delighted to be greeting her adoring public

'Because she knows that her daddy loves the world and just wants to make it a more beautiful place,' he went on.

Just a few days later Kanye tried to console his daughter with a big grin as she got upset at the Alexander Wang show.

North was seated on her mother's lap as she squirmed and bawled.

Here I am! North shared a massive smile as she held on to her mother's hand, stealing the spotlight from Kim

However, she is clearly happy in Paris, and on Wednesday Kim shared an adorable picture of her little girl, presumably sat on their hotel bed, with a cuddly monkey scarf wrapped around her and balanced on her head.

'Morning,' the reality TV star wrote to her 27.7million fans on Wednesday morning along with the snap, by way of a wonderful wake-up call.

North has clearly perfected her picture-ready pout, looking down accordingly in the photo, her chubby cheeks the centre of attention.

Adoring mother: Kim is clearly smitten with her gorgeous little girl and looked delighted to be spending the day with her

Blonde bombshell: Kim's peroxide locks looked even lighter thanks to the contrast with her all-black outfit

Away from the hype of fashion week, she's been enjoying spending time with her little girl, who is becoming a bit of a fashion week pro.

On Monday, the reality TV star shared a couple of pictures of herself with North just before bedtime, giving her fans an intimate glimpse into her family life.

It's a comforting tradition carried out in families from every background: putting baby to bed with a story book and one last cuddle.

Too cute: Kim Kardashian shared a sweet picture of her daughter North West in a cuddling monkey costume while in Paris on Wednesday

And of course, in the Kardashian-West family, even this innocent routine is given a jolt of luxury, with baby North wearing a strand of expensive pearls around her neck.

Snuggling up to her mother, the sleepy toddler gazed at a book out of the shot, before dozing off in a second snap.

Kim tweeted affectionately: 'Reading books before bedtime!'

'Reading books before bedtime!' Kim played the doting mom... but dressed baby North in a string of pearls in a new personal picture posted to her account on Monday