Teen Mom OG's Mackenzie Edwards shares first photo of Ryan with baby Jagger following rehab stint He's missed the birth of his son due to undergoing an intensive rehab stint.

But on Tuesday, wife Mackenzie Edwards shared the first photo of Teen Mom OG star Ryan Edwards following treatment, feeding their nearly two-month-old son, Jagger.

The 30-year-old was seen sitting on the couch while giving the unseen baby a bottle while fans asked the beauty a series of questions about her home life now that her man has returned.

Scroll down for video

Dotting father: Teen Mom OG star Ryan Edwards has been seen for the first time with his two-month-old son Jagger, after he missed the birth due to his rehab stint

Taking to Instagram Stories, one follower wrote: 'How's life now that Ryan's home with the kids and new baby?'

Mackenzie replied: 'He's the biggest help. I love this man,' and added two black love hearts.

She also confirmed to her 327,000 followers that they were '100% completely married and together'.

Helping out now he's home: 'He's the biggest help. I love this man,' Mackenzie revealed on social media on Wednesday

Happily married: She also confirmed to her 327,000 followers that they were '100% completely married and together'

Ryan returned back to his Tennessee home on Thanksgiving day, after being collected by his wife and their newborn.

'She left early in the morning on Thanksgiving and missed dinner with her family,' a source told Radar Online.

'She flew with the baby to get Ryan. They're back home now.'

Father-of-two: Ryan is also the father to ten-year-old son Bentley, who he shares with his ex Maci Bookout

The insider added: 'If he relapses again, she's going to file for divorce. She's serious. She doesn't want to continue to be with someone who doesn't help himself.'

Ryan is also the father to ten-year-old son Bentley, who he shares with his ex Maci Bookout.

Mackenzie also has a son, Hudson, four, from a previous marriage.

History of drug abuse: March 2017 (pictured) saw Ryan issued a citation for possession of heroin. he was also filmed on the MTV series at the time slurring his words and falling asleep whilst behind the wheel

The reality star has a history of addiction, first entering a rehabilitation facility back in May 2017 following his wedding to Mackenzie.

He completed 21 out of the planned 30 days.

March 2017 saw Ryan issued a citation for possession of heroin. he was also filmed on the MTV series at the time slurring his words while falling asleep whilst behind the wheel.

Approximately one year later, he was arrested for failing a dug test.

July 2018 once again saw his arrested for violating his probation and possessing heroin.

He was sentenced and remained in jail from July 23 to July 31.

His second son, Jagger, was born on October 9. The couple are yet to share a photo of the newborn.