Comic-Con: Arrow Season 7 Trailer is Here! During their San Diego Comic-Con panel, The CW released the first official Arrow season 7 trailer which you can check out in the player below! Season 7 of Arrow will premiere on the CW on Monday, October 15 at 8 PM PST.

Confirmed at the panel was the casting of the lethal Longbow Hunters, set to be played by Holly Elissa (Whistler) as Red Dart, a ruthless and precise killer; Michael Jonsson (Van Helsing) as Kodiak, a beast of a man with brute force; and Miranda Edwards (The Magicians, Orphan Black) as Silencer, a master of stealth. The legendary group of assassins were recruited by Ricardo Diaz (Kirk Acevedo) to exact his revenge on Oliver and the team after they took down his burgeoning criminal empire in season six.

Finally, since Oliver finds himself locked up, some familiar faces will be back including Michael Jai White as Ben Turner/Bronze Tiger, Cody Runnels as Derek Sampson and Vinnie Jones Danny “Brick” Brickwell.

There has been no shortage of close calls for Oliver Queen when it comes to protecting his Super Hero identity, but in the season six finale, he was finally backed into a corner and forced to reveal himself to the world as the Green Arrow. Now, Oliver will come face-to-face with many of the criminals he placed behind bars, as he makes a new home for himself at Slabside Maximum Security Prison. Oliver will find himself vulnerable in a way unlike ever before when a mysterious new enemy begins to unravel his work as Green Arrow, challenging him to redeem his name or risk losing everything.

Arrow stars Stephen Amell as Oliver Queen, David Ramsey as John Diggle, and Emily Bett Rickards as Felicity Smoak. Colton Haynes returns as Roy Harper for the new season after being absent from the series.

Based on the DC characters, the series is executive produced by Greg Berlanti, Marc Guggenheim, Wendy Mericle and Sarah Schechter. Arrow is produced by Bonanza Productions Inc. in association with Berlanti Productions and Warner Bros. Television.