Teen Mom's Amber Portwood flaunts her slimmed-down figure She rose to stardom as a young parent on MTV’s hit series 16 and Pregnant, but now is taking over the spotlight for her new slimmed-down figure.

Amber Portwood showed off her impressive weight loss journey via Twitter on Monday, just in time before the sixth season debuts of Teen Mom OG.

The 25-year-old star captioned the proud portrait: ‘36 lbs down and 15 more to go...almost at my goal.’

Scroll down for video

After: Amber Portwood took to Twitter on Monday to show off her 36 pound weight loss, just in time before the sixth season of the Teen Mom reboot, Teen Mom OG

Amber ditched her glasses to flaunt her glowing complexion, wearing a barely-there makeup look consisting off foundation, blush, brow pencil and mascara.

She tied up her dark brunette tresses in a tousled bun to display her defined cheekbones as well as double pierced ears featuring diamond encrusted hoops and studs.

The mother of one, to six-year-old Leah Shirley, opted for a white long sleeve for her up-close portrait, drawing major attention to her crystal blue eyes.

Before: The mother of one, seen here in April at the 2015 MTV Movie Awards, still says she is 15 pounds away from her goal weight

Shortly after releasing a photo showcasing her shocking transformation, the reality star received a lot of positive attention and questions about her lifestyle swaps.

The author commented to her 261k Twitter followers that her drastically changing look has certainly not been an overnight process.

She dished that though it did take some time, there's wiggle room: 'It took about 4 months...but I fell off for a couple weeks.'

In progress: She also took to Twitter on Friday showing off her formerly-red dyed locks in a side swept style, while commenting on her day-to-day meal choices

In the hopes of reaching her goal weight, the star said that she has made an active change on the food groups she indulges in or ditches entirely.

Amber commented back to inquiring fans: 'Cut out bad carbs like sugar and cut down on pasta to start..also try to not eat trans fats.'

She also took to Twitter on Friday showing off her formerly-red dyed locks in a side swept style, while commenting on her day-to-day meal choices including 'coffee and a healthy breakfast.'

Love knows no bounds: The 25-year-old reality star gave a shout out to her fiance Matt Baier, whom helps by making her a healthy breakfast on a daily basis

She even took time to give a shout out to her fiance Matt Baier for assisting her in her ongoing process.

Only last week, she shared a portrait of her freshly-cooked scrambled eggs alongside the thankful caption: 'My babe makes me breakfast every morning..lucky gal.'

The duo, who have yet to set a wedding date after their public engagement on Teen Mom OG, were seen happily smooching for her fans as they stared into the camera.

Amber's also been posting several charming photos of her bonding time with her growing daughter, Leah, whom she shares with Gary Shirley.

Proud mom: Amber's also been posting several charming photos of her bonding time with her growing daughter, six-year-old Leah, whom she shares with Gary Shirley

Amber last sat down for an interview with MTV in June and dished on her upcoming nuptial plans.

As far as her guest list, she shared: 'My dream wedding, I know for sure, my cousin Krystal would be the maid of honor at the wedding because she’s the closest person to me. She’s like my best friend.'

The Indiana native continued: 'And of course I want all the Teen Moms, all the girls, I want them to be my bridesmaids. I mean, they have to be a part of it.'

Author: The reality star has been riding the success of her 2014 memoir Never Too Late, which tells of her past hardships including depression and drug abuse

Since 2014, Amber has been riding the success of her memoir Never Too Late, which tells of her past hardships and how she coped with her harsh circumstances to become a better person.

Amber's book on 'hardship, hope and addiction' was written while she was serving a five-year jail sentence in 2012 at Indiana's Rockville Correctional Facility.