Pretty Little Liars star Janel Parrish marries longtime love Chris Long in her home state of Hawaii Pretty Little Liars alum Janel Parrish married her longtime boyfriend Chris Long in Hawaii on Saturday.

The 29-year-old star shared a romantic kissing snap from Hawaii on Saturday with the caption: 'Rehearsal dinner photo. But today...I married him. loving my husband so much @c_long'

'Marrying my dream man in my home of Hawaii surrounded by family and friends was a dream, the actress revealed toUs Weekly in an exclusive statement.

Scroll down for video

'Loving my husband so much': Pretty Little Liars alum Janel Parrish married her longtime boyfriend Chris Long in Hawaii on Saturday and shared this snap on Instagram

The bride reportedly wore a mermaid Inbal Dror gown with a sweetheart neckline, corset bodice and long, feathered train.

Turns out, the pair exchanged self-written vows during the ceremony. Parrish’s sister served as her maid of honor while Long’s brother officiated.

Some of the cast and crew of Pretty Little Liars were in attendance including Brendan Robinson and Marlene King.

'We feel so lucky we found each other in this crazy world,' Janel added in Saturday's statement.

'He just is my person. My soul knows him... I feel like I have somebody who understands me,' she revealed to Us in August.

Taking the plunge: 'Marrying my dream man in my home of Hawaii surrounded by family and friends was a dream,' the actress said in a statement to Us Weekly

Romantic: 'I get to marry my best friend': Janel Parrish shared on Instagram in October

The happy couple took to Jenel's Instagram in October to announce that Chris had popped the question.

The big moment came when they took their dog Klee for a walk in Toronto, Canada.

They shared an adorable picture of them locking in a passionate kiss with the caption: 'Went to the park for a stroll with Klee and came back with a fiancé. I get to marry my best friend and I’m over the moon. I love you @c_long.'

The photo also showcased her amazing engagement ring. Chris also shared the same snap but with the simple caption: 'Locked it up.'

Janel's ring is quite impressive as it features a huge radiant cut diamond and an 18K rose gold and platinum band from Jean Dousset.

Bling: The 28-year-old actress proudly showed off her ring in October which featured cushion cut diamond and 18K rose gold and platinum band from Jean Dousset

Pet parents: The couple got engaged when they took their dog Klee for a walk in Toronto, Canada in October

She also posted a video of her showing off the new bling as she moved her hand so her nearly five million followers could see it sparkle.

She captioned the short clip: 'I can’t stop staring at it. I mean... @jeandousset you out did yourself And @c_long you did GOOD.'

The stunning actress was in Toronto starring as Sandra Dee in a live version of Glee directed by Josh Prince when she got engaged in October 2017.

It appears Janel and Chris dated for just over a year if you take into account that as he posted a selfie featuring the both of them with the caption 'Year one down' last September.

Talented: The stunning actress was in Toronto starring as Sandra Dee in a live version of Glee directed by Josh Prince when she got engaged in October 2017

The American actress starred as Mona Vanderwall in all seven seasons of Freeform's Pretty Little Liars.

No doubt it is an exciting time in Janel's life as she had two films released in the last few weeks that includes the teen romance To All the Boys I've Loved Before and the thriller Hell is Where the Home Is.

She also has the drama Tiger, alongside veteran actor Mickey Rourke, coming out in November, and she will also be reprising her PLL role alongside Sasha Pieterse, 21, for a spin-off series titled Pretty Little Liars: The Perefectionists.