Reese Witherspoon, Ryan Phillippe’s Birthday Messages to Daughter Ava Reese Witherspoon and her ex-husband, Ryan Phillippe, shared sweet birthday messages to their daughter, Ava Phillippe, who turned 18 on Saturday, September 9.

Related: Ava Phillippe’s Cutest Moments Reese Witherspoon's daughter is a mini-me version of her famous mom!

“Happy 18th Birthday to my sweet girl @avaphillippe!” the Legally Blonde actress, 41, captioned a throwback pic with her look-alike daughter. “Your kindness, grace, intelligence and humor never cease to amaze me. I love you and your HUGE [heart] and I feel so lucky that I get to be your mom. #proudmom #18.”

Happy 18th Birthday to my sweet girl @avaphillippe ! ?Your kindness, grace, intelligence and humor never cease to amaze me. I love you and your HUGE ❤️ and I feel so lucky that I get to be your mom. ?#proudmom #18 A post shared by Reese Witherspoon (@reesewitherspoon) on Sep 9, 2017 at 10:47am PDT

#18 A post shared by Reese Witherspoon (@reesewitherspoon) on Sep 9, 2017 at 11:28am PDT

Phillippe, 42, also shared a series of pics of his daughter on Instagram.

“Happy birthday, punk,” the Shooter star wrote. “I love you more than any strangers need read, but… you are the coolest smartest most beautiful daughter a father could ever have and even though you’re no longer a child, you’ll always be my little girl. Happy 18th, princess.”

happy birthday, punk. i love you more than any strangers need read, but… A post shared by philz (@ryanphillippe) on Sep 9, 2017 at 11:42am PDT

and even though you're no longer a child, you'll always be my little girl. happy 18th, princess A post shared by philz (@ryanphillippe) on Sep 9, 2017 at 11:45am PDT

Related: Celebrity Friendly Exes: Hollywood’s Ex-Lovers Who Have Stayed Close Love lost doesn't mean friendship lost for these friendly exes! Take a look at ex-lovers such as Cameron Diaz and Justin Timberlake, Hilary Duff and Mike Comrie, and Ryan Phillippe and Reese Witherspoon, who have maintained close relationships even after splitting up.

Ava also shared a beautiful throwback pic of herself dressed in a yellow princess gown and posted a photo on Instagram of one of 18 letters that her thoughtful mom had written to her daughter each year, saving them to be opened on her landmark birthday.

“18 letters that made me cry (hard) today, courtesy of my lovely mother,” she wrote.

#18 A post shared by Ava Phillippe (@avaphillippe) on Sep 9, 2017 at 7:23am PDT

18 letters that made me cry (hard) today, courtesy of my lovely mother. A post shared by Ava Phillippe (@avaphillippe) on Sep 9, 2017 at 9:37am PDT

Witherspoon and Phillippe met at her 21st birthday party in 1997, marrying in June 1999. Ava arrived later that year and the couple welcomed son Deacon in 2003.

Related: Reese Witherspoon’s Daughter Ava Looks Just Like Her: See the Photo Evidence Reese Witherspoon shared a sweet birthday message via Instagram on Sept. 9 for her daughter, Ava, 16, who looks just like her mom. See the photo!

They split three years later and Witherspoon went on to marry talent agent Jim Toth in 2011. They have a son Tennessee, who turns 5 later this month.