Jessie James Decker Catches Married Woman Sending Husband Nudes! It's not going down in Eric Decker's DMs — just ask his wife Jessie James Decker!

The "Lights Down Low" singer revealed she once caught a married woman sending her NFL star husband a nude photo on Instagram and she handled it like a pro.

MORE: Jessie James Decker Reveals She Schedules Sex Nights With Hubby Eric Decker!

"I checked it," she told E! News and her husband, who had no idea he even received a NSFW message on the social media platform. "I checked it on your Instagram DM and some woman sent you a naked photo and I looked to go look at her page. She had huge boobs too and she was married with children. I so badly wanted to send this to her husband but I didn't. I just blocked her for you."

And as expected, Eric, who was just released from the New York Jets and will now be playing for the Tennessee Titans, appreciated his wife's restraint.

"Thanks, babe," he sweetly responded.

MORE: Jessie James Decker Manscapes Husband Eric Decker For the Locker Room

The couple, who share kids Vivianne, 3, and 21-month-old son Eric, have chronicled their marriage on their reality show Eric & Jessie, and Jessie has let her hubby know what would happen if he ever cheated.

"Sometimes I like to send pictures to Eric with little reminders of what would happen if he ever cheated. Hope everyone has a good day," Jessie hilariously captioned a photo of a knife and cut up sausages on Instagram.

Instead of overzealous fans, the duo is focused on their family, and possibly adding one more to the mix.

"I don't wanna say the door's closed on baby number three because we love our babies so much, they're so amazing and I like can't imagine not having another one," Jessie said. "We're still talking about it."

"I'm gonna sneak one by!" Eric joked.

More From Life & Style

Roger Mathews Catches Wife JWoww "Cheating" — See the Post!

'RHONJ' Star Teresa Giudice Accused of Cheating on Jailed Husband Joe (EXCLUSIVE)

The Weeknd Pulled a Total Boyfriend Move on Instagram — and Selena Gomez Fans Approve!