Vanessa Hudgens bundles up in white fur coat while promoting film Second Act on Late Night talk show Vanessa Hudgens bundled up as she promoted her newest movie on Tuesday with an appearance on the Late Night talk show taped in New York City.

The 29-year-old actress donned a thick white fur coat as she kept off the chilly bite to the air outside NBC studios.

Vanessa underneath wore a floral print Giambattista Valli top along with printed trousers from the Italian fashion designer.

Movie promotion: Vanessa Hudgens bundled up outside NBC Studios in New York City on Tuesday as she was promoting her new movie on Late Night with Seth Meyers

She completed her outfit with white heels and accessorized with dangling earrings.

Vanessa had her black hair parted down the middle and accentuated her natural beauty with smoky eye makeup.

The former Disney Channel star has been promoting the romantic comedy Second Act also starring Jennifer Lopez, 49.

She told Late Night host Seth Meyers, 44, that she's been a fan of Jennifer for a longtime and constantly watched her 2001 romantic comedy The Wedding Planner on repeat.

Thick coat: The 29-year-old actress kept warm with a thick white fur coat

Print fan: The Spring Breakers star shared her print on print outfit Tuesday on Instagram

'It was crazy. It was really cool,' Vanessa said of working with Jennifer.

Vanessa said she met Jennifer's 10-year-old twins Emme and Max during filming, but not the children of her boyfriend Alex Rodriguez, 43.

She said that Alex's children were 'really big fans' who wanted to meet her so Jennifer invited her to a Taco Tuesday gathering at her home.

Print pants: Vanessa wore printed pants by Italian fashion designer Giambattista Valli

Coming soon: The actress was promoting her new movie Second Act due out on December 21

Busy star: Vanessa currently can be seen in The Princess Switch released last month on Netflix

Vanessa said she had a 'rough day' and was going to skip it, but rallied for Jen.

She said it wasn't what she expected when she arrived as there were 'a billion people' there.

'Oh, there's Kim Kardashian. It's not your normal Taco Tuesday,' Vanessa said.

Second Act also starring Leah Remini, 48, and Milo Ventimiglia, 41, is due out in theaters on December 21.

Vanessa currently can be seen in the Christmas romantic comedy The Princess Switch that was released last month on Netflix.

Having fun! Vanessa made a glamorous appearance on the Late Night with Seth Myers TV show, in New York City on Tuesday

Awake: The High School Musical star kept her caffeine adrenaline high as she clutched onto her Starbucks coffee while on the move

Giddy: The actress wore the very same white furry jacket which kept her warm in the chilly air

Glam: To ensure she stood out, Vanessa topped up her facial features with heavy make-up when making her TV appearance

Heading out: The Powerless star tucked the edge of her cream shirt into her pants to tease a glimpse of her phenomenal frame