Nikki Bella admits she's dating again after high-profile split from John Cena Nikki Bella admits she's dating again after high-profile split from John Cena

WWE star is moving on after cancelling her wedding to the wrestling hunk.

Nikki is moving on after her high-profile split from John

Nikki Bella and John Cena shocked fans when they called off their wedding earlier this year.

‌



Following a brief reunion, the WWE Diva ended their relationship for good in July, revealing she wasn't prepared to sacrifice her career for the sake of their would-be marriage.

‌



Despite recently ending a six-year relationship, the wrestler has jumped back into the dating game already, but admitted she hasn't clicked with anyone special.

‌



The 34-year-old told E! News: "It's kind of boring in the dating life, but other than that, it's been a lot of fun.

Single and ready to mingle: Nikki Bella is back on the dating scene (Image: Splash News)

"I've just been busy working and I just love everything that Brie and I are up to. It's just been a lot of fun.

‌



"Gosh, I'm pretty lame. Usually, the person that I date at night is Netflix and my black liquorice. They're very satisfying.”

Nikki and John, 41, were due to marry in Mexico in May, but called off their wedding just three weeks before.

Nikki and ex-fiance John Cena were the power couple of the wrestling world (Image: Rex Features)

‌



The pair apparently had clashed over plans to have a family as John had had a vasectomy years earlier.

However, after a brief reconciliation, they announced in July they were separating permanently.

She said at the time: "I feel like I've ruined everyone's fairy tale. My heart hurts so bad."

‌



Happier times: The couple called off their wedding in April (Image: Getty)

The run-up to their cancelled wedding featured on Nikki's reality show Total Bellas.

On the show, she was seen lamenting: "It just sucks. I wish it could be different, and I think that's why I've had almost six years of working on us and fighting and just taking in a lot.

Article continues below

"I just feel like I've hit the point that I'm just so exhausted and done."