Selena Gomez ‘Chose Happiness’ Over Justin Bieber Doin’ what is best for her. Selena Gomez believes she has made the right decision when it comes to on-again, off-again boyfriend Justin Bieber — by choosing not to be with him.

Related: Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez: A Timeline of Their On-Off Relationship Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez had their fair share of ups and downs over the years amid an on-and-off romance. The “Baby” singer and the Only Murders in the Building star were first linked in 2011 after previously claiming their connection was purely platonic. The twosome made their official red carpet debut at the Vanity Fair Oscars party that […]

“Selena started seeing the bigger picture when it came to their relationship, like what was more important: her general happiness and her family and friends approval, or her being together with Justin, where no one really supported their relationship,” a source exclusively tells Us Weekly.

“She obviously chose happiness and her friends and family and is so thrilled about her decision-making process,” the source continued before adding, “She feels more empowered than ever and is looking forward to this next chapter.”

Sharing the same sentiment, another insider tells Us that the “Wolves” singer, who was the one who broke it off with Bieber, feels like “she got it out of her system.” Helping things is the fact that Gomez, 25, has other exciting things to focus on, like her new single “Back 2 You” which will be released on Thursday, May 10 — a song that many are speculating to have been inspired by Bieber.

Related: On Again, Off Again Celebrity Couples Some couples just need a break every now and then! Click through to see which of your favorites couples -- like Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake -- couldn't help splitting and rekindling year after year.

Us Weekly exclusively revealed that the former flames, who dated from 2011 to 2014, were officially back together after they were spotted reuniting in October 2017. Their rekindled romance saw the pair going to church, enjoying candle-lit dinners and embarking on romantic getaways together, including a trip to Jamaica in February, when the pair attended Bieber’s father’s wedding.

Related: Celebrity Splits of 2018 Calling it quits. Scroll through to see which celebs broke up with their significant others this year. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly Deal […]

Despite trying to make their revamped relationship work, one person was not convinced that it was a good idea: Gomez’s mother, Mandy Teefey, who reportedly disagreed with her daughter over her decision to give Bieber another chance despite their past tumultuous relationship. In March, Us Weekly announced that the pair were “taking a break” because of Teefy’s unwavering disapproval of the “Baby” crooner. Since putting their relationship on pause, Bieber, 24, has been spotted spending time with Baskin Champion.