Christina Aguilera Engaged to Boyfriend Matt Rutler! Looks like Matt Rutler knows what a girl wants! After almost three years of dating, Christina Aguilera announced her engagement to boyfriend Matt Rutler via Twitter. On Valentine’s Day, the “Beautiful” singer, 33, and her film producer boyfriend decided to make things official.

Related: PHOTOS: Christina Aguilera’s body evolution From The All-New Mickey Mouse Club to one of the best voices of our generation, Christina Aguilera has grown up before our eyes. And throughout her many phases — who can forget the Dirrrty years? — her body has been constantly evolving. Following her 2011 divorce from husband of five years, Jordan Bratman, Aguilera started […]

“He asked and I said……” she wrote Friday along with a picture of her sparkling new engagement ring.

Xtina met her beau on the set of the 2010 film Burlesque, which premiered while the pop diva was in the middle of a painful divorce from ex-husband Jordan Bratman.

Related: PHOTOS: Xtina’s hair evolution From 2000 to 2012, see how the "Your Body" singer has changed her mane

Aguilera and Bratman were married from November 2005 until October 2010, and, ironically, the couple finalized their divorce on Valentine’s Day 2011. They share custody of 6-year-old son Max Bratman.

“He’s the love of my life, and I adore him,” Aguilera gushed about Max on The Ellen DeGeneres Show in November 2010 shortly after the divorce news broke. “He’s such a character, and he’s so happy and at the end of the day, that’s what’s most important.”

Related: PHOTOS: Christina Aguilera’s son Max through the years Baby’s first photoshoot! Born January 12, 2008, little Max Liron Bratman posed wrapped in an American flag with his mom for a Rock the Vote PSA in Los Angeles. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms […]

Though The Voice coach is known for keeping her personal life private, Aguilera has posed with her new fiancé on several major red carpets, including the 2011 Golden Globes.

The couple has been living together in the Grammy-winning vocalist’s new Mulholland Estates mansion in Los Angeles, which she bought in April 2013 for $10 million.