Angelina takes children to Renaissance Pleasure Fair in California; Despite the report she was not “miserable” at the fair – Married Biography Angelina takes children to Renaissance Pleasure Fair in California; Despite the report she was not “miserable” at the fair

Although being the star, this actress is the star mom too. She knows how to balance her professional life alongside her personal life. Despite her stardom, she never forgets to give the time to her children. And the super actress followingly the super mom is Angelina Jolie. Recently, she took her kids for a fun day at the Renaissance Pleasure Fair in California. But according to the report, she was “miserable” all the time.

Was Angelia Jolie “Miserable” at the Renaissance Pleasure Fair?

Last Saturday, Angelina arrived at the annual medieval festival with her 10-year-old daughter Shiloh and 8-year-old son Knox. Now Radar Online is claiming that the mom of two was having a sad attitude at the event. According to one of the insiders, she was not having fun in the event as usual. The insider said:

“She didn’t seem like she was having a good time at all.”

According to the source, she was not having a good time at all in the event. The source also added that appeared to be “extremely skinny” and “very unhealthy.” Furthermore, the insider said:

“I didn’t see her eating or drinking anything, either.”

Despite the statement, the photos of the event of her along with her children said a completely different story. Although the site claimed that she was sad and not having a good time in the photos, she was captured with a big smile on her face. Well, looking at the photos it is very hard to say that she was sad.

Another photo shows her and her kids playing carnival games and chatting with other attendees. As a public figure it is very hard for her to keep herself far from the flash. She is always focused on the lens whereas rumors come alongside.

❤️? A post shared by Angelina Jolie (@angelinajolieofficial) on May 4, 2017 at 3:48am PDT

Also read: After the divorce with her ex-husband, Brad Pitt, the news is that Angelina Jolie is marrying again. Is it true?

Emotional speak of Angelina Jolie about the divorce from Brad Pitt

For the very first time, Angelina speaks out in public regarding the difficulties after the divorce. She talks about how her divorce from Brad Pitt has affected their children. During the interview with BBC News, she said:

“I don’t want to say very much about that, except to say it was a very difficult time and we are a family, and we will always be a family.”

Furthermore, the actress added:

“It was very difficult. Many people find themselves in this situation. My whole family have all been through a difficult time.”

After Jolie filed for divorce, there was a bitter custody battle. Eventually, the battle came to an end with an agreement in early January to seal the custody documents as they endeavor to resolve their issues and reach a divorce settlement. She explained the whole scenario to BBC News saying:

? A post shared by Brad Pitt ️️️ (@bradpittoficial) on Dec 29, 2015 at 7:31am PST

“My focus is my children, our children. We are and forever will be a family and so that is how I am coping. I am coping with finding a way through to make sure that this somehow makes us stronger and closer.”

Where does Angelina see herself in the next five years? Here’s the answer by Angelina herself

No one knows the future. It’s like the future is a surprise box in a person’s life as we never know what happens next. Well, we can’t see the future but we can assume it. Same way when Angelina was asked where she sees herself in the next 5 years, she said:

“I would like to be traveling around the world visiting my children, hoping that they’re just happy and doing really interesting things and I imagine in many different parts of the world and I’ll be supporting them.”

Moreover, she added:

“Everything I do I hope … I represent the right things to my children and give them the right sense of what they’re capable of and the world as it should be seen. Not through the prism of Hollywood or through a certain kind of life but really take them into the world where they have a really good sense and become rounded people.”

More about Angelina Jolie

Jolie is an American actress, filmmaker, and humanitarian who is “getting married” to a “wealthy Brit,” reports In Touch. A little more than six months after splitting from Brad Pitt, she’s ready to wed a philanthropist businessman and is trying to speed up her divorce so she can marry him as quickly as possible. See more bio…

Share this

Disclaimer Statement: Married Biography's editors wrote and updated all of this data based on their best knowledge and understanding. If any mistakes are found, please use our email to report this content and images.