Kris and Caitlyn Jenner Reportedly "Interact When They Have To" for Their Kids Khloé Kardashian is clearing the air in regard to recent rumors that she has reconciled with ex Tristan Thompson.

On the latest episode of Hulu’s The Kardashians, which aired today, the Good American founder shared an update on where she stands with the NBA star and the amicable platonic status of their co-parenting relationship. “Tristan and I, we always get along great,” she said, per People. “Him and I have a great friendship relationship, we get along fine, and for my kids, I will put anything to the side.”

Kardashian adds that she’s made peace with their rocky past and is focused on moving forward as she and Thompson work together to raise their two children, five-year-old True and newborn Tatum. “What’s done is done,” she continued. “What would I still be holding on to something for? I don’t need to ‘punish’ him because I’m not getting back with him.”

Earlier this year, Thompson was reported to have moved two houses away from Kardashian in Hidden Hills, California, and was spotted paying regular visits to her home, spurring rumors of another reconciliation between the pair. “If you go to the house, he’s always around,” a source told OK! in April.

In this week’s episode, Kardashian clarifies that the athlete’s visits have been strictly to step in on parenting duties while she is away. “I would rather him be here than the nanny,” she explained, adding that she’s been strict about not entertaining anything else. “There’s still boundaries; I’m definitely putting my foot down around a lot of things. No one’s just here chilling if there’s no kids involved.”

Jerritt Clark // Getty Images

The pair’s whirlwind, on-again, off-again relationship was first confirmed back in 2016. Since, the two have reportedly broken up multiple times amid several reports of the athlete’s infidelity.

In recent months, sources have reported that Thompson has been wanting Kardashian back, though the sentiment doesn’t seem to be reciprocated.

“Tristan still loves Khloé and would love to be with her again,” a source told Entertainment Tonight in April. “He’s doing whatever he can to try to prove himself to Khloé and her family.”

“Tristan will always be in Khloé’s life, but she isn’t in love with him,” another insider told ET in March. “She chooses to be supportive, both publicly and privately, for the sake of their children.”