EXCLUSIVE: Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban are moving back to Australia Every December Nicole Kidman, Keith Urban and their daughters Sunday Rose, nine, and Faith Margaret, six, board a plane to Australia to celebrate the festive season with their loved ones.

Advertisement

But this year the clan has decided it’s time to make it less an annual event, and more of a more permanent move!

Hot on the heels of Nicole pledging to take on more work in Australia, Woman’s Day can reveal the couple, who both turned 50 this year, have decided to make Sydney their permanent base.

“Nicole has been longing to move back to Oz for some time now,” a source close to the couple says.

“She and Keith have always said they’d eventually settle here, they were just waiting for the right time.”

Advertisement

And it appears that time is now. Nicole has found huge success in home-grown projects including award-winning film Lion and acclaimed TV series Top of the Lake: China Girl.

Having been showered with praise for the roles both here and overseas, she says it’s important to her that she continues to support the Australian film and television industry.

WATCH: Keith Urban serenades Nicole Kidman via FaceTime in celebration of their anniversary. Post continues…

Loading the player...

Advertisement

Nicole would love to raise Sunday and Faith Down Under.

“I’m as definite as you can be in this world and this life,” she says of her plans to take on more work Down Under.

“There is hopefully more to come (in Australia). I hope that is not it. There is a lot of things still happening… it is exciting.”

Also making the journey home more pressing is the fact that Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret are inching ever closer to their high school years.

Advertisement

Nic and Keith, pictured sharing a kiss during Oprah’s tour of Oz in 2010, are hoping to do some house hunting when they return to Sydney for the holidays.

“Keith and Nicole always said they’d try to move before the girls start secondary school and they know the process may take a while, so they’re trying to get their ducks in a row now,” says our insider.

To that end, they have quietly put one of the US properties – their Tennessee country ranch – on the market and started looking at some suitable homes close to Nicole’s mum, Janelle, in Sydney’s north shore.

There’s three multi-million dollar,waterfront properties in Sydney’s Mosman and Balmoral believed to be on Nicole and Keith’s must-see list when they’re in Sydney over the Christmas holidays.

Advertisement

For the full story on their exciting move, get the new issue of Woman’s Day – on sale now!

Related

Sign up for our newsletter Sign up to receive the Woman's Day e-Newsletter and offers we choose to share with you straight to your inbox sign up By joining, you agree to our Privacy Policy & Terms of Use About your privacy Are Media Pty Limited collects your personal information through this site to process registrations, send out newsletters, communicate offers, discounts, competitions, or surveys, and to provide you with targeted advertising based on your online activities. Our Privacy Policy contains information on how you can access or correct your personal information, which entities we may disclose your personal information to (including overseas recipients), how to opt out of targeted advertising, and how to lodge a complaint.