Lamar Odom’s Book Will Reveal Why His Marriage to Khloe Kardashian Ended Lamar Odom is laying it all on the table. The former NBA star spoke exclusively to Us Weekly about his tell-all book and reveled what inspired him to finally share his story.

Related: Stars Who Have Bared Their Souls About Their Struggles Celebrities like Justin Bieber, Courtney Stodden and Lea Michele have all spoken out about their struggles with drugs, health issues and the death of loved ones over the years — watch

“I”m very excited to work with BenBella Books, Inc. to release my very first book! My fans have always been the best and I really wanted to release this book to give you all a chance to get to know Lamar Odom and my real story, directly from me,” the 38-year-old athlete told Us on Tuesday, June 26. “I hope to [be] an inspiration to many that you can overcome adversity and challenge no matter where you fall from.”

Us broke the news in February that Odom’s “juicy” page-turner will cover his battle with drug use, his career in the NBA and marriage to Khloé Kardashian. An insider now tells Us that the basketball star will reflect on his tumultuous relationship with the Good American founder, 33, and discuss “what led to the end” of the marriage.

Related: Khloe Kardashian and Lamar Odom: Relive Their Sweetest Moments Khloe and Lamar had a complicated, whirlwind romance that extended well beyond the divorce papers the reality star filed in December 2013 -- take a look back at a few of the couple's sweetest moments together

The former Lakers star made headlines in October 2015 when he was hospitalized for a near-fatal drug overdose at a Nevada brothel. The Kardashian clan rushed to his side and helped aide him back to health. “He will also talk about … what really went on in those hospital doors and what the world didn’t get to see as well as rehab,” the source adds. “We get to read about a side of Lamar Odom we never got to see on Keeping Up With the Kardashians or Khloe & Lamar nor on the basketball court.”

Odom opened up about his sobriety during a March 2017 interview with Us and revealed that the Revenge Body host helped him stay clean. “Hell, yeah [I was surprised she was at my side]. She played a major role in me getting my memory back,” he admitted. “She would bring pictures of my mother and grandmother.”

Related: Most Tumultuous Relationships in Reality TV History It wouldn’t be reality TV without a little bit of a mess. That’s definitely the case when it comes to finding love in front of the cameras. Over the years, fans have seen explosive fights and breakups on a wide variety of reality shows, including The Bachelor, Keeping Up With the Kardashians, Temptation Island and […]

Odom’s tell-all will hit shelves in February 2019.