Jennifer Aniston 'knew it was a matter of time before ex-husband Brad Pitt split from Angelina Jolie' Jennifer Aniston 'knew it was a matter of time before ex-husband Brad Pitt split from Angelina Jolie'

They divorced more than a decade ago, but people are still talking about Jen's response to Brad's shock split

Everyone is taking about Jennifer Aniston's reaction to Brangelina splitting

Jennifer Aniston "knew it was a matter of time" before her ex husband Brad Pitt split from Angelina Jolie, it has been claimed.

‌



Angelina filed for divorce from Brad yesterday, citing irreconcilable differences.

‌



As news of the split broke, people turned their attention towards Jennifer, whose marriage to Brad disintegrated shortly after he met Angelina on the set of their movie Mr & Mrs Smith in 2005.

‌



"Jennifer always knew this day would come," a source told New York Post's Page Six. "Everyone in Jennifer's inner circle regards Angelina as a crazy master manipultor.

Jennifer Aniston (Image: Getty) Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston pictured together in 2001 (Image: Getty)

‌



Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt (Image: REUTERS)

"But we all presumed the end of their affair would be Angelina leaving Brad for someone else."

The source claimed Jen, who is now happily married to Justin Theroux, still wants the best for her ex, but could be quietly marking the end of Brad's marriage with friends.

‌



"Jen still cares about Brad and wishes him well. She has moved on and is really happy with Justin Theroux.

"She's probably having a margarita with Courteney Cox right now."

Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt met on the set of Mr and Mrs Smith (Image: Twentieth Century Fox)

‌



Ang and Brad share children Maddox, 15, Pax, 12, Zahara, 11, Shiloh, 10, and twins Knox and Vivienne, eight.

Brad broke his silence after news of the divorce was revealed yesterday to say he felt "very saddened".

In a statement, he said: "I am very saddened by this, but what matters most now is the wellbeing of our kids."

‌



Angelina's manager also insisted her decision was made in the "best interest" of the couple's children.

Brad and Angelina and their children (Image: Getty)

Geyer Kosinki said: "Angelina is doing what's best in the interest of taking care of her children. She appreciates everyone's understanding of their need for privacy at this time."

Article continues below

And entertainment attorney Robert Offer added: "Angelina has filed for dissolution of the marriage. This decision was made for the health of the family.

"She will not be commenting, and asks that the family be given its privacy at this time."