Dueling Divas! Inside Miley Cyrus & Jennifer Hudson’s EXPLOSIVE Feud On ‘The Voice’ Tapings just started for NBC’s hit singing reality competition show, The Voice, and RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively that there is already a nasty backstage battle brewing between returning judge Miley Cyrus and her rookie counterpart, Jennifer Hudson . According to a production insider the two are at each other’s throats after Hudson said she is going to “win no matter what it takes!” Click through seven shocking photos to find out what Cyrus thinks of her newest nemesis!

Gwen Stefani , 47, and Alicia Keys , 36, stirred up some serious drama last season as coaches on The Voice. However, this season, a production insider revealed that returning judge, Miley Cyrus, 24, and Jennifer Hudson, 35 – who are joining vets Adam Levine , 38, and Blake Shelton , 31 – are going to turn the drama up a notch!

“They started taping for season 13 almost two weeks ago and there is already some serious shade between Jennifer and Miley. Jennifer is a total loudmouth and thinks that, because she starred on The Voice U.K. already, that she owns the place,” the source claims.

As fans know, Cyrus was involved in a nasty feud for the past couple of seasons with Shelton’s girlfriend. And the fact that Cyrus replaced Stefani this season surely has not helped the situation at all! Luckily for the “Malibu” pop star , she has a new gal-pal to slang shade with.

Hudson posted this video on Instagram of her time spent as a coach on The Voice U.K.! In the clip, she criticizes a contestant, asking her to alter her vocals and “take it down a half step” before belting out her signature Dreamgirls song, “If It Ain’t You!”

“Miley already cannot tolerate Jennifer and she thinks that she does not deserve to be on the panel to begin with,” an NBC insider told us, adding that the two of them “have already had it out!”

By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox

“But Jennifer is not backing down to anyone and has said that she is the wildcard and is going to win no matter what it takes,” the source added.

Who do you think will win among the judges for season 13 of The Voice? Sound off in the comments!

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.