Go Back-to-School Shopping with Victoria Justice! Last weekend, Seventeen was lucky enough to attend the Macy's Back to School Fashion Show and Concert — hosted by the super-stylish Victoria Justice and featuring performances by the always adorable boy band, Big Time Rush, and Glee's newest super star, Charice. We caught up with Victoria backstage and she was totally eager to spill all of her fashion and beauty secrets! Read on for her back-to-school style tips, beauty must-haves and the inside scoop on her Teen Choice Awards red-carpet look!

Seventeen: How would you describe your personal style in only three words?

Victoria Justice: Comfortable, laid-back and colorful.

17: What about your beauty style? What are some beauty products that you just can't live without?

VJ: I love blush. I don't have to wear any other makeup as long as I have blush. And Great Lash mascara. I just used it today for the first time and it's amazing! It separates your lashes and makes them look so long. It's really, really cheap, too!

17: Awesome! And is your real-life style anything like your character's on Victorious?

VJ:

Totally! I always go into the wardrobe room and pick out things that I like. My own personal style has sort of influenced my character's style. And at the end of the first season, I got to keep a lot of [Tori's] clothes. My favorite was this one white shirt with lace sleeves that billow out. I thought it was really pretty.

17: Sounds cute! How about on the red carpet? Have you had a favorite red-carpet look?

VJ: Just recently, I wore a dress to the Teen Choice Awards by Mason. It was a really deep blue. The neckline was really pretty, just the way that it was cut up top. And I wore leopard print YSL pumps with it. The shoes were amazing. I was in love with them.

17: It was a gorgeous look! What would you say has been the best bargain that you've found while out shopping?

VJ: I do a lot of vintage shopping. I love going to second-hand stores. Buffalo Exchange is one of my favorites. I found this one shirt by Chanel in there for $10. I was like, "That's amazing." I love that shirt! I actually brought it with me on this trip.

17: Since it's almost back-to-school time, we have to ask: do you remember ever wearing a really terrible BTS outfit?

VJ: Well, I only went to school up until the beginning of tenth grade and I think that's when my style was developing. I don't think I ever wore anything that was like really ugly, I just didn't really care. Oh, wait! [I wore] bell-bottom jeans! Now, when I look back at pictures, I'm like, "Oh God. I look like I'm in the '70s or something!" It was awful. I hope my style has improved since then.

Judging by the rock-star black skinny jeans and her totally perfect-for-fall cropped plaid jacket, Victoria's style today definitely makes the grade! Do you watch Victorious and love Victoria as much as we do? Sound off in comments!