Kylie Jenner wears a diamond-encrusted ring on her wedding finger for dinner with Travis Scott She's currently on tour with her rapper boyfriend Travis Scott.

And on Saturday, Kylie Jenner continued to spark engagement rumors after being spotted heading back to her Miami Beach hotel wearing a stunning diamond encrusted ring on her wedding finger.

The 22-year-old businesswoman appeared calm and collected while walking toward the building with best pal Jordyn Woods.

Again: Kylie Jenner continued to spark engagement rumors after being spotted heading back to her Miami Beach hotel wearing a stunning diamond encrusted ring

Kylie looked great in her ensemble, which consisted of a khaki trench coat with patent boots and an accompanying black handbag on her side.

Her blonde tresses had been styled in multiple waves that ran all the way down to her ends while effortlessly sporting a flawless dusting of makeup.

It wasn't long before Kylie had re-emerged – this time with her doting beau Travis.

Planning to marry soon? The reality star is no stranger to wearing expensive rings on her wedding finger

She always gets it right:Her blonde tresses had been styled in multiple waves that ran all the way down to her ends while sporting a flawless dusting of makeup

The Texas native, who is currently on his ASTROWORLD tour, seemed rather shy as he exited the hotel and joined the leading ladies as they headed to Nobu for dinner.

Baby Stormi was also said to have been in tow.

Scott wore a printed shirt underneath his denim navy blue jacket while seemingly hiding his face behind his ASTROWORLD printed hat.

The 26-year-old further added a pair of black denim pants and Nike sneakers to his attire as he made his way to car service to join Kylie and her pal for the occasion.

Downcast: Travis Scott was clearly feeling hungry as he joined the girls, along with baby Stormi, for dinner at Nobu

Best friends: Kylie was accompanied by her longtime pal Jordyn Woods for the occasion

It's not the first time that the TV personality had fans guessing about a possible engagement this week.

On Tuesday, the Kylie Cosmetics entrepreneur arrived home to a stunning display of roses from Travis, which seemingly had many of her fans thinking she was engaged.

But while the gesture was exceedingly romantic, it was not a proposal.

'Travis' gesture was to celebrate Kylie Cosmetics partnering with Ulta Beauty stores,' a source told TMZ.

Wow factor: Kylie Jenner arrived home to a stunning display of roses from boyfriend Travis Scott on Tuesday night

No bling: While the gesture was exceedingly romantic, it was not a proposal, according to TMZ

'Travis' gesture was to celebrate Kylie Cosmetics partnering with Ulta Beauty stores,' a source told the outlet. 'It was also an elaborate bon voyage gift to mark the beginning of his tour. She and the baby are going with'

'It was also an elaborate bon voyage gift to mark the beginning of his tour. She and the baby are going with.'

Jenner, who launched Kylie Cosmetics in 2015, announced on Tuesday that her products would be in every single Ulta Beauty store starting November 17.

'So I'm going to be starting off with just my best lip kits first, and then I'm going to be expanding and adding a lot more things super fast,' she told her social media followers.

The KUWTK star will also be peddling lip kits while on tour with Scott.