‘The Voice’ Winner Cassadee Pope Is Engaged to Rian Dawson Musical muses for life! The Voice winner Cassadee Pope announced her engagement to longtime boyfriend Rian Dawson in a sweet post to Instagram on Friday, February 10.

“WE’RE ENGAGED ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤,” the 27-year-old singer captioned a photo of the pair smooching, with her impressive diamond ring on full display. Dawson, 29, reposted the same image with the caption, “The love of my life is now OFFICIALLY the love of my life. Never been happier. :).”

Related: PHOTOS: Celebrity Engagement Rings of 2016 See Mariah Carey's, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley's and more celebs' engagement bling from 2016!

The pair, who are fellow musicians in the band All Time Low, have been going steady since 2010. Dawson, who drums for the band, is still a little camera-shy, however. In an interview with Taste of Country, Pope explained that though she “begged” her boyfriend to costar with her in her music video for “Summer,” he politely declined.

WE’RE ENGAGED ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ A post shared by Cassadee Pope (@cassadeepope) on Feb 10, 2017 at 5:59pm PST

“I actually begged him to be in the video,” she said in the interview last July. “But he’s, first of all, is an amazing, amazing, supporter of mine, and he has been since the beginning, since six and a half years ago before The Voice, before everything. And he was just like, ‘I’m not an actor. I want you to get the best of the best for this video. I want it to be amazing, and I don’t think I will be able to deliver that because I’m not an actor — I’m a drummer in All Time Low, that’s what I do.’”

Related: PHOTOS: Before They Were on The Voice! Read up on the musical histories of The Voice coaches Blake Shelton, Adam Levine, Christina Aguilera, CeeLo Green, Shakira, Usher, Gwen Stefani and Pharrell Williams

Pope would go on to costar with actor and model Sam Krumrine in the steamy video. “Yes! So excited for everyone to see this video!!” Dawson tweeted upon the video’s release. “It is so damn good and Cass is 😍🔥🔥 to be fair, the hunk is too…”

Related: PHOTOS: Longest Celebrity Engagements: Stars Who’ve Waited to Marry and Why Brangelina, Jen and Justin, Kate and Matt, and so many more! See the A-list couples who've shared the lengthiest engagements -- and find out why.

And the season 3 Voice winner, who won on coach Blake Shelton’s team in 2012, has more than one thing to celebrate. On Sunday, February 12, the crooner will attend the 2017 Grammys, where she is nominated for Best Country Duo/Group Performance for her duet with Chris Young, “Think of You.”

“It’s crazy, I’m beside myself right now,” Cassadee previously told The Boot. “It’s so amazing to be coupled in with all these incredible artists, and I get to go to L.A. to hang out with even more incredible artists. … I have to thank The Voice for everything they’ve done for me. The real work started after the show, so I’m really glad I stuck with it.”