Cardi B says wedding to Offset may be delayed She showed off her eight-carat diamond ring on the Grammy Awards red carpet in New York City on Sunday.

One day prior, Cardi B revealed to E! News that her wedding to fiance Offset most likely will be delayed, even though she really wanted 'to get married around the fall time.'

The 25-year-old rapper told the website the reason for pushing it back is because of their busy careers, explaining that 'we are really workaholics. It's crazy.'

Honest: Cardi B revealed E! News that her wedding to fiance Offset will most likely be delayed, even though she really wanted 'to get married around the fall time;' seen on Thursday at a Warner music Pre Grammy party in NYC

The Bodak Yellow rapper said that her nuptials won't be just one day or a specific wedding date: 'It's gotta be a whole almost two weeks type of thing. We want a honeymoon. Do we even have time for that?'

Cardi B, who was born Belcalis Almanzar, explained why she wanted to get married later in the year; she said: 'I really want to get married around fall time, I love the fall time.'

The successful artist revealed that she keeps thinking it will be delayed because she asks herself, '"Do you want to do tour around this time?" "Hey do you want to do this around this time?"'

Adding: 'And it's just like - I'm touring, I'm putting out an album. He's touring, putting out an album.'

The happy couple: The 25-year-old rapper told the website that the reason for pushing it back is because of their busy careers, explaining that 'we are really workaholics. It's crazy;' Cardi B and Offset pictured in December at The Set Gala in LA

Offset is part of the rap trio sensation Migos.

He proposed to Cardi B in Philadelphia on stage at the Power 99's Powerhouse concert.

He got down on one knee to propose to her in front of a sold out crowd, presenting his lady with an eight-carat diamond ring, worth $550,000, according to TMZ.

Wow! He got down on one knee to propose to her in front of a sold out crowd, presenting his lady with an eight-carat diamond ring, worth $550,000, according to TMZ

So in love: He proposed to Card B in Philadelphia on stage at the Power 99's Powerhouse concert

On Sunday, Cardi B performed the song Finesse with Bruno Mars at the Grammy Awards.

The New York born star became a household name with her record breaking hit song Bodak Yellow (Money Moves).

It became number one on the Billboard charts - the first time a female rapper without any other artist on the track - made it to number one on the chart in twenty years; the last time that happened was in 1998 with Lauryn Hill's song Doo Wop (That Thing), according to The Washington Post.

Before her successful rap career, the former stripper starred on the reality show Love & Hip Hop: New York.

Incredible: The New York born star became a household name with her record breaking hit song Bodak Yellow (Money Moves); pictured on the Grammy Awards red carpet on Sunday

She's a star: On Sunday, Cardi B performed the song Finesse with Bruno Mars at the Grammy Awards; pictured after their performance