Gifts for Tequila Lovers – 20 Gift Ideas Tequila Drinkers Will Love! 1.1K shares Pin 1.1K

Share

Looking for the perfect gift for your tequila-loving friend?

We’ve got you covered! Our selection of tequila-themed gifts is sure to please even the most discerning palate. From shot glasses and barware to apparel and accessories, we have something for everyone.

A unique gift is always a hit, and our collection of tequila-themed gifts is sure to stand out from the rest. Your friends will love showing off their new gear at their next party – or just using it around the house to show their passion for this amazing spirit.

Read on to find the perfect present for the tequila fan.

This post may contain affiliate links. For more information, visit the disclosure page.

Tequila Gift Baskets

Who doesn’t love getting gift baskets? It’s so much fun to suddenly have a treasure chest of goodies arrive on your front porch!

My favorite site for gift baskets that include tequila based gifts is TheBroBasket. They have a wonderful selection of ready-made tequila gift baskets, as well as a design-it-yourself option where you can customize your own tequila gift basket.

Impress someone special with one of these festive tequila gift baskets.

Jose Cuervo Tequila Gift Set for the Margarita Fan



It’s a party in a box! This festive gift set has everything they need to make delicious margaritas, plus snacks for munching.

The reusable metal tin makes it easy to transport and store supplies, so they can enjoy Margarita Monday any day of the week.

Jose Cuervo Margarita Gift Basket Resposado Tequila Sampler Gift Set Don Julio Tequila Tasting Set Patron Silver Tequila Gift Bakset

Tequila of the Month Club

Mash & Grape is a monthly subscription service that delivers the best of both worlds. They’ll get their favorite must-haves and relative unknowns sent right to their doorstep.

Each shipment contains an expertly-sourced full size bottle along with tasting notes and the story behind it. With 3 different membership options, you can find the perfect gift to impress your favorite drinker – while protecting your wallet!

Bar Gifts for Tequila Lovers

Elegant Mezcal Tequila Glasses



Impress your favorite tequila drinker with these elegant hand-made glasses that are designed for especially for mezcal. The distinctive shape enhances the tequila experience by allowing the aroma to be just at the drinker’s nose.

A perfect addition to any barware or dinner table!





Personalized Tequila Decanter

The sophisticated tequila drinker will appreciate this handsome personalized tequila decanter.

Unique tequila decanter is crafted from a genuine Patron tequila bottle, and engraved with the recipient’s name. You can add an optional message to the back.

An elegant addition to the home bar!





The Ultimate Tequila Serving Set



Everything you need to get the fiesta started! Lovely set features a wooden serving tray/cutting board, a ceramic knife, 4 shot glasses, 2 salt dipping plates and 4 flavored salts. Perfect for the entertainer!

Margaritaville Frozen Concoction Maker



Why limit yourself (and your guests) to just one kind of margarita, when it’s almost as easy to make 3? The die-hard margarita fan needs a restaurant quality frozen drink maker!

Tequila Making Kit

The true tequila fan will probably get a kick out of making their own potion at home! They can save money, create their own flavors (you can order additional flavor packs), and enjoy a new hobby.

Impressive tequila making kit includes everything they’ll need…and this striking personalized barrel to age and store it in!

Tequila Cocktail Infusion Kit



Delight your favorite tequila fan with a tequila infusion kit!

Toast-worthy gift allows the recipient to make their own craft cocktails at home. Easy-to-use kit includes a glass infusion bottle with straw, 3 unique flavor blends and step-by-step instructions.

The infusion kit makes 6 batches, with each bath taking just 2-3 hours to make – perfect for a last-minute party.

Funny Gifts for People Who Love Tequila

Follow Me Bring Tequila Flip Flops



Declare your love for tequila with every step you take with these funny flip flops!

Choose from over 10 colors…perfect gift for the man or woman who’s planning a beach vacation. If you’re looking for his and hers gift ideas, get a matching set for your favorite couple.

Men’s Tequila Shot Late Night Party Socks - 2 Pairs See Info & Reviews Amazon.com Take Life with a Grain of Salt, a Wedge of Lime and a Shot of Tequila Sign See Info & Reviews Amazon.com Tequila Handbag See Info & Reviews Amazon.com

“Might Be Tequila” Coffee Mug



Because the sad truth is that it’s not always 5 o’clock somewhere…and sometimes you need a jolt of caffeine to get you through until it’s tequila time.

Tequila Mockingbird: Cocktails with a Literary Twist



You can never have too many recipes for margaritas! Clever cocktail recipe book is witty and fun – and has great recipes! Perfect small gift for any occasion.

Tequila Pinata

What a fun way to give tequila as a gift or to use at your next party! Fill the 17.5″ high pinata with plastic mini bottles of tequila, single serve hot sauce packets, Mexican candy, and lottery tickets – everyone will have a blast beating the pinata with the included wooden stick.

Sure-fit hit for a party or a fun gift!

Tequila Flasks



The die-hard tequila fan probably wants to take their favorite beverage with them when traveling. A flask dedicated just to tequila is a useful and fun gift idea.

Zazzle offers a wonderful selection of funny flasks for tequila lovers. The one pictured above is perfect for anyone who has been known to make poor decisions after a few shots.

Personalized Gifts for Tequila Lovers

Engraved Bottle of Tequila

Impress someone special with their own personalized bottle of tequila! Reserve Bar offers around 200 bottles of tequila that can be engraved with your own unique message.

Choose his or her favorite bottle, or experiment with a new taste sensation. The perfect gift for the connoisseur, or to celebrate a special occasion.

Personalized Tequila Bar Sign

Every passionate tequila fan needs a personalized sign for their bar, basement, or mancave/womancave!

Etsy has a fabulous collection of over 20 personalized tequila bar signs and bar mats. Prices start at under $20, so you can find a unique gift that he or she will love even if you’re on a tight budget.

Inexpensive Tequila Lover’s Gifts That Don’t Look Cheap

You don’t have to spend a fortune to impress your favorite tequila devotee – these unique gifts are under $25!

Himalayan Salt Shot Glasses



Where there’s tequila, there’s bound to be salt. Do away with the messy salt shaker…just add a lime, your favorite tequila, and you’re ready to party!

Tequila Flavored Treats and Munchies

Since man (or woman) can’t live by tequila alone, I’m including a few munchies that they might enjoy – flavored of course, with their favorite liquor!

This oversized container of crunchy, tequila-infused pistachios are fabulous happy hour nibbles. A unique and fun gift that’s under $25!

Unique Gifts for Tequila Lovers

Nearly Natural Faux Agave Plant

Bring the beauty of the agave plant to their home or office with this faux, realistic-looking agave plant. The agave is derived from the Greek “agavos” meaning “illustrious,” and was represented by the Aztec goddess, Mayheul.

The key ingredient in tequila, this 30″ high agave plant has a bold spiny leaves that will add life to any room. Comes complete with a beautiful black planter, making it a perfect decor gift for the tequila enthusiast.

Tequila Clock

Tequila clock is a fun way for them to display the time in their home or office. It’s always happy hour with this unique clock.

Department 56 Margaritaville Village

There’s a Dept. 56 village collection for everything nowadays. Give your favorite margarita fan one of the buildings or figurines from the Margaritaville collection…you can add on to it each year, which means you’ll already have gifts lined up for quite a few gift-giving occasions!

Need more gift ideas? Check out these gift guides:

4.8/5 (20)

Please rate this Enjoy this article? Please leave your rating