Kim Kardashian enlists Chrissy to defuse Kanye's John Legend tweets Kanye West shocked fans when he publicly shared longterm friend John Legend's private text messages on Twitter.

But within minutes on Thursday morning, Kim Kardashian was attempting to defuse the situation, with the help of her BFF Chrissy Teigen, aka Mrs John Legend.

The two swiftly put a jokey spin on Kanye's decision to share John's personal message, in which he firmly but kindly rebuked Kanye for his support of Donald Trump.

Kim Kardashian enlists Chrissy Teigen to defuse Kanye West's John Legend tweets... and BFFs take to Twitter to arrange phone-free dinner party

Chrissy got the ball rolling when she tweeted: 'Kim Kardashian are we still doing dinner Friday or no lol?'

Kim swiftly replied: 'Yes but maybe no phones', adding a series of laughing emoticons, along with four crossed out phones.

Adding the final punchline, Chrissy then replied to Kim's tweet with the sarcastic 'Can I bring my friend Scott Baio? He's super chill.'

Baio is infamously a Trump supporter.

Got her back: Chrissy reached out to Kim; the two are seen together in 2015

Chrissy and Kim banded together with their damage control attempt, afterKanye posted a personal text exchange with friend John Legend in which he accused the singer of 'manipulating my free thought.'

The 40-year-old rapper - who has had a longstanding friendship with the 39-year-old Ordinary People hitmaker - took to Twitter to share a screenshot of their conversation.

John began the message by urging the Famous hitmaker to 'reconsider aligning yourself with Trump.'

No phones allowed! Chrissy and Kim banded together with their damage control attempt, after Kanye posted a personal text exchange with friend John Legend in which he accused the singer of 'manipulating my free thought'

However Kanye was not very receptive for what the Oscar winner had to say as he wrote a biting response, screenshotted the conversation, and posted it online just minutes later.

It came after Kanye made waves on social media on Wednesday as he voiced his support for President Donald Trump during a lengthy Twitter tirade.

John has been very vocal about his distaste for the 45th president and reached out to his pal about the matter as he wrote: 'Hey it's JL. I hope you'll reconsider aligning yourself with Trump.

'You're way too powerful and influential to endorse who he is and what he stands for. As you know, what you say really means something to your fans.

Ouch: Kanye West took to Twitter to share a personal conversation between he and John Legend in which he accused the singer of 'manipulating my free thought', as they are pictured together at the MTV Video Music Awards in Los Angeles in August 2015

Tough times: The 40-year-old rapper - who has had a longstanding friendship with the 39-year-old Ordinary People hitmaker - took to Twitter once again to share a screenshot of their conversation

'They are loyal to you and respect your opinion. So many people who love you feel so betrayed right now because they know the harm that Trump's policies cause, especially to people of color.

'Don't let this be part of your legacy. You're the greatest artist of our generation.'

However Kanye remained steadfast despite his close friend's pleas.

He wrote back: 'I love you John and I appreciate your thoughts. You bringing up my fans or my legacy is a tactic based on fear used to manipulate my free thought.'

'Think freely': It did not end there as Kanye posted the continuation of their conversation

Longtime pals: Kanye and John pictured together at Stevie Wonder's birthday back in May 2007

It did not end there as Kanye posted the continuation of their conversation as John urged him to: 'Think freely. Think with empathy and context too. Your words and actions have consequences. Much love.'

John even poked fun at Kanye for posting their private messages on the popular micro-blogging site as he took the opportunity to plug his latest track called A Good Night.

The talented crooner wrote: 'And since you're posting texts, let me add that I have a new single out haha'

Kanye explained why he made the decision to post their text thread to show that there was a contentious but respectful discourse between the two of them.

Interesting take: Kanye explained why he made the decision to post their text thread to show that there was a contentious but respectful discourse between the two of them

He said: 'I tweeted the John text to show that there are people around me that disagree with me and voice their opinion. I respect everyone's opinion but I stand my ground.'

He went on to explain that he wanted to show people that he was empathetic as empathy isn't the first thing people think when it comes to a Trump supporter.

Kanye wrote: 'I really appreciate this dialogue with John Legend because I'm actually very empathetic. Im still the kid from the telethon. I feel when people think of MAGA they don't think of empathy.'

The 'telethon' the All Of The Lights hitmaker seemed to be referring to was the infamous live TV Hurricane Katrina fundraiser in 2006 in which Kanye declared: 'George Bush don't care about black people.'

John's wife Chrissy Teigen referred to what was going on with Kanye as she insisted that if there is an issue with someone, the conversation goes to them directly and not social media.

Chiming in: John's wife Chrissy Teigen referred to what was going on with Kanye

The 32-year-old model wrote: 'Everyone keeps asking me to comment on s***. Comment on psycho Tami Lasagna, whom I refuse to give the joy to, say something about RHOA, speak up about kanye.

'When it comes to people we know, we DO speak up. To THEM. not on Twitter. And sometimes, I guess it makes it to Twitter.'

As John and Kanye have a tight-knit relationship, their wives Kim and Chrissy do too and they also hit Twitter to poke fun at the awkward situation.

On Wednesday Kanye voiced his support for Donald Trump and even shared a selfie while wearing a Making America Great Again hat.

'Maybe no phones': As John and Kanye have a tight-knit relationship, their wives Kim and Chrissy do too and they also hit Twitter to poke fun at the awkward situation

John took umbrage with the series of post as he shared his thoughts to counter his longtime friend.

'The defining trait of Trump's campaign and political profile was his embrace of white supremacy. He made it clear every time he spoke,' the Green Light hitmaker tweeted.

'Some serious cognitive dissonance to ignore that for the other x% you might find appealing. I guess I agree with >1% of anyone's thoughts though,' he added.

The Glory singer earlier also posted a series of tweets critical of West's support of Trump.

Legend tweeted that he imagines 'there's some comfort in imagining a future without racism and projecting that onto the present. Thinking if we just deny the truth, it doesn't exist. If history is erased, we don't have to deal with its consequences.'

Defining trait: On Wednesday Legend tweeted that the 'defining trait of Trump's campaign and political profile was his embrace of white supremacy' in response to Kanye's pro-Trump tweets

Blind artist: The Glory singer that 'artists can't be blind to the truth'

He added, however, that 'far too many people don't have the luxury of closing their eyes and ears. They feel it in their lives and can't act like what they see and know doesn't exist.

'They know their family was destroyed by deportation or incarceration. They know their loved one was denied safe harbor because of their religion. They know their son or daughter was shot because their skin color evoked fear.

'They see the statistics about black applications for real estate or loans or employment being turned away because their name was Jamal and not James

'I love that great, brilliant artists have the power to imagine a better future. But artists can't be blind to the truth,' he concluded.

Kim also apparently lambasted Kanye over it as he tweeted: 'my wife just called me and she wanted me to make this clear to everyone.

'I don't agree with everything Trump does. I don't agree 100% with anyone but myself.'

Kim had was very vocal in her support of Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential race.

Before that Kanye wrote: 'You don't have to agree with trump but the mob can't make me not love him. We are both dragon energy. He is my brother. I love everyone. I don't agree with everything anyone does. That's what makes us individuals. And we have the right to independent thought.'

The Through The Wire hitmaker did make sure to urge fans to not follow what everyone else does and that regardless of his Trump support, he is also a fan of Hillary.

He explained: 'If your friend jumps off the bridge you don't have to do the same. Ye being Ye is a fight for you to be you. For people In my life the idea of Trump is pretty much a 50 50 split but I don't tell a Hillary supporter not to support Hillary I love Hillary too.'

'We got love': Kanye shocked many of his followers as he posted a picture of himself wearing a Make America Great Again hat

'She wanted me to make this clear to everyone': On Wednesday, Kim apparently lambasted Kanye as the rapper later tweeted about her calling him over his Donald Trump remarks

MAGA: Kanye had once again voiced his support for the POTUS which seemingly led to Kim's call

Kim went on to defend Kanye's rant in a series of tweets which began: 'To the media trying to demonize my husband let me just say this... your commentary on Kanye being erratic & his tweets being disturbing is actually scary. So quick to label him as having mental health issues for just being himself when he has always been expressive is not fair.'

She was upset about the previous stories published in regard to Kanye's mental health being called into question.

The reality star continued: 'He’s a free thinker, is that not allowed in America? Because some of his ideas differ from yours you have to throw in the mental health card? That’s just not fair. He’s actually out of the sunken place when he’s being himself which is very expressive.'

Odd couple: West, shown with Trump in December 2016 in New York City, tweeted that 'the mob can't make me not love him' while also calling him his 'brother'

'He never said he agrees with his politics': She also urged people to respect his political beliefs even if they have differing opinions including her

Hitting back: Kim went on to defend Kanye's rant in a series of tweets as she said 'your commentary on Kanye being erratic & his tweets being disturbing is actually scary'

She also urged people to respect his political beliefs even if they have differing opinions including her.

Kim wrote: 'Now when he spoke out about Trump... Most people (including myself) have very different feelings & opinions about this. But this is HIS opinion. I believe in people being able to have their own opinions,even if really different from mine He never said he agrees with his politics.'

She finished off her own tweet storm by saying that she knows that Kanye will never be the most popular person but thats why he's liked and respected finishing off by saying 'Kanye is ahead of his time.'

Donald Trump later retweeted Kanye's words about him adding: 'Thank you Kanye, very cool!'

John Hancock: He showed that President Donald Trump signed the bill of his hat

Support: Donald Trump later retweeted Kanye's words about him adding: 'Thank you Kanye, very cool!'