Jamie Oliver wants to end his long-running feud with Gordon Ramsay Celebrity chefs Jamie Oliver and Gordon Ramsay have been feuding for some time now, but Jamie apparently wants to put it behind them.

Though given his insistence that he's taking the "high ground", we're not sure if this latest attempt to defuse their ongoing war will be any more successful than his last.

What to Read Next

"What I said was fairly grown-up and reasonable," Jamie told the Radio Times about his last intervention.

"I don't want personal spats in public with someone that, to be honest, I don't even really know any more… I don't think he liked me taking the high ground.

Dave M. Benett // Getty Images

"I think that's basically it. So, I'm going to take the high ground now and say I wish him all the best, and all success.

"Good luck to him. But we have both got kids, and I don't know what sort of example we're setting if we're arguing like we're in the playground."

The last time Jamie brought up the fact that both men are dads, it didn't go down too well.

"He's got four kids and I've got five kids and I don't want to be slagging off some kids' dad on telly. It's not nice," Jamie said in August, after comparing Gordon to someone with dementia.

ITV

For some reason, Gordon saw this as Jamie trying to one-up him on the number of children they have, and even as a slight against his wife Tana, who sadly had a miscarriage at five months last year.

"Jamie turned round and said, 'I've got five kids, he's got four kids'. To judge someone else's family on the amount of kids you have, that's..." Gordon said.

"Boys will always fight and butt heads, but Tana was mortified. I mean, really mortified."

The pair have been feuding for years, with Jamie claiming in 2015 that Gordon is "deeply jealous" of him and his book sales.

Getty Images

That was after Gordon criticised Jamie for failing to turn up at the opening of his own restaurant in Hong Kong.

Oliver said at the time: "Gordon will do anything to try and take the piss out of me because he is deeply jealous and can't quite work out why I do what I do and why he can't do that.

"He is too busy shouting and screaming and making our industry look like a bunch of shouters and screamers."

Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set