Ariana Grande Defends ‘Sweetener’ Song Named After Pete Davidson Ariana Grande defends her decision to name a song after her fiancé Pete Davidson. Sweetener features a track called "Pete."

After unveiling the official tracklist for her forthcoming album, several Grande fans questioned her decision to name one after the Saturday Night Live comedian.

"He is my fiancé. This is my album. I am an honest and emotional artist and human being and if my openness in my work isn't for you, that's OK; I won't be offended. Still wishing y'all all the love in the world," replied Grande.

Sweetener also features "No Tears Left to Cry," "The Light Is Coming," "God Is A Woman," "Better Off," "Blazed," "Borderline," "Breathin," "Everytime," "Get Well Soon," "Goodnight N Go," "Raindrops," "REM," "Successful," and "Sweetener." The compilation will be released via all digital music platforms on Aug. 17.

In June, Grande already announced that one of her songs was named after the comedian. At that time, the award-winning singer revealed that she had tons of options for song titles, but "Pete" is the one she liked best.

Last month, Grande was also criticized for the song title, but she also defended herself and asked one of her critics to mind her own business.

Ariana Grande, Pete Davidson Engagement

Grande and Davidson announced their engagement earlier this month. Days later, rumors swirled that they will be getting married on Aug. 4. Prior to their nuptials, Davidson gifted Grande with a symbolic 8418 necklace. The numbers symbolize the date of their wedding.

The digits are also symbolic for Davidson whose dad worked as a firefighter. His badge number is 8418, and he passed away on Sept. 11, 2011, during the World Trade Center attacks. As of late, Davidson and Grande have not confirmed yet if their nuptials will really take place next month.

Ariana Grande's Engagement Ring

Davidson gave Grande a $93,000 engagement ring, and fans once again could not help but criticize the sketch show star. Some of them are wondering how Davidson could afford the jewelry. Tracey Khan, a publicist for jewelry designer Lane, opened up about the 3-carat engagement ring.

"It adds a huge value, not only to the brand, the designer - such as Neil Lane or anyone, but of course it is going to drive prices up," said Khan.

She also recounted how some customers are willing to pay any amount just to get a replica of their idol's rings.