Savannah Guthrie celebrates son Charley's birthday with homemade cake Savannah Guthrie celebrated her son Charley's second birthday over the weekend with a homemade chocolate cake.

The 46-year-old mom took to Instagram on Saturday to pay tribute to her only son while sharing heartwarming pictures of her little boy and her four-year-old daughter, Vale, who helped make her little brother's birthday cake.

'He has grown so much in 2 years. And my backing skills have...not grown. Even with a little helper this year!!' she joked in the caption.

Milestone: Savannah Guthrie, 46, celebrated her son Charley's second birthday on Saturday with a homemade cake

From the heart: Savannah's four-year-old daughter, Vale, helped her make the cake, which featured 'Charley' written in white icing and a sprinkling of M&M's

Too cute: Little Charley sat at the head of the table as he waited for his mom to bring out his birthday cake

The series of photos show little Charley sitting a chair at the dinner table while his mom brings out his cake.

In one snapshot, he is happily putting his finger in the chocolate icing after his mom placed the cake in front of him.

Savannah also struck a pose with her daughter in front of the cake they made, which featured 'Charley' written in white icing and a sprinkling of M&M's.

They topped off the cake with candles, including one shaped liked the number '2.'

Adorable: Savannah's husband, Mike Feldman, also shared photos of their son on Instagram in honor of his big day

Make a wish! In one sweet snapshot, Charley can be seen blowing out the candles on his cake

Little man: Earlier in the day, Savannah celebrated Charley's birthday by sharing snapshots of her son's most adorable moments over the past year

Savannah's husband, Mike Feldman, also shared photos of their son on Instagram in honor of his big day.

In the sweet snapshots, Charley can be seen leaning over his cake and blowing out the candles.

'My little buddy turned 2 today. Happy Birthday, Charley!' Mike wrote.

Earlier in the day, Savannah celebrated Charley's birthday by sharing snapshots of her son's most adorable moments over the past year, including a picture of him modeling a cool pair of sunglasses.

Hamming it up: There are plenty of pictures of Charley happily smiling for the camera

Proud mom: 'Baby, you have my heart forever,' Savannah captioned the images. 'Happy Birthday to the sweetest and coolest two year old in town.'

Getting big: Although he will always be Savannah's baby, the pictures show just how much he has grown up over the past year

In another photo, the proud mom is watching over him as he colors with a blue marker. The next shows him gazing up at his mother with a smile on his face.

Although he will always be Savannah's baby, the pictures show just how much he has grown up over the past year.

Charlie looks like a little man while posing with his hands in his genes in one heartwarming snapshot.

There are also plenty of pictures of Charley happily smiling for the camera.

Proud: In one photo, Savannah is watching over him as he colors with a blue marker

Look of love: The next shows him gazing up at his mother with a smile on his face

Lookalike: Commenters noted that he is the spitting image of his parents

Just like dad: Many fans think Charley is his dad's mini-me

'Baby, you have my heart forever,' Savannah captioned the images. 'Happy Birthday to the sweetest and coolest two year old in town.'

Many people took to the comments section to wish the boy a happy birthday, while noting that he is the spitting image of his parents.

'Happy birthday! He is his dad's TWIN for sure!' one person wrote, another added: 'He's a cutie! Looks like his dad.'

While a lot of the commenters think the boy is his dad's mini-me, there were a few that saw Savannah in him.

'A perfect combination of Mom and Dad,' one person wrote.