Bruno Mars Revealed Thrilling Teasers For '24K Magic Live at the Apollo' Bruno Mars Revealed Thrilling Teasers For '24K Magic Live at the Apollo'

Bruno Mars fired up the excitement to his “24K Magic Live at the Apollo” on November 29 by dropping an exciting teaser for the show. The singer-songwriter’s charm and talent dominate as he grabs a primetime spot on CBS and conquered seven victories at the recent 2017 AMAs.

After the 30-second dramatic and pounding intro for the newest teaser of Bruno Mar’s “24K Magic Live at the Apollo”, the familiar 24K-beat took over and announced the details of the event. The teaser played short classic clips of Bruno Mars and his band, the Hooligans.

According to E! News' exclusive exchange with Bruno Mars, the 32-year old singer wants to make the viewers feel like they are watching live inside the theater. He also explained that the show will be more intimate compared to a concert setting.

Advertisement

“You are about to see this album completely come to life in a magical setting like the Apollo Theater,” Bruno Mars announced. He also said that Apollo Theater has been on his bucket list and he was inspired to play at the Apollo Theater from a young age.

Bruno Mars also shared that he grew up watching his favorite artists play at the Apollo. He also confessed that he worked so hard on this album. The singer reveals, “All that work that I put into the studio was well worth it.”

According to Stuff, in May 2017, Bruno Mars is the first artist since Beyonce to sell out four concerts at Spark Arena in one day. The star of the primetime special, “24K Magic Live at the Apollo” is currently touring in South America on his global “24K Magic Tour”. The tour will end on July 2018.

Don’t miss the magic on Bruno Mars’ “24K Magic Live at the Apollo” on November 29 at 10 PM EST on CBS. Take a peek at the primetime special’s teaser below:

Advertisement Advertisement

Like us and Follow us

and

© 2026 Korea Portal, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.