Photos: Preparations for the royal wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Share Facebook

Tweet

Email

James Vivian, Director of Music at St George's Chapel in Windsor directs the St. George's Chapel Choir during a rehearsal before evensong and ahead of the wedding of Prince Harry and Megan Markle on May 14, 2018 in Windsor, England. WPA Pool

A woman carrying a Prince Harry and Meghan Markle commemorative bag, to mark the upcoming Royal Wedding, tries on a sun hat on Eastbourne Pier on May 15, 2018 in Eastbourne, England. Britain enjoys warm and sunny weather today with temperatures in the mid-twenties across the country. Jack Taylor

Graffiti of Prince Harry and Ms. Meghan Markle by street artist Pegasus on the wall of hair & beauty salon The N7 Collective on May 15, 2018 in London, England. The couple will marry in St. George's Chapel at Windsor Castle on May 19. Neil P. Mockford

Royal fan Terry Hutt eats his lunch after setting up his position ahead of a four day wait for the royal wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, on May 15, 2018 in Windsor, England. Leon Neal

Nursery manager Mike Jones inspects some Dusky Cranesbill geraniums which are being grown for the wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on May 14, 2018 in London, England. WPA Pool

Police officers patrol close to Windsor Castle ahead of the royal wedding of Prince Harry to Ms. Meghan Markle on Saturday in Windsor on May 17, 2018 in Windsor, England. (Photo by Matt Cardy/Getty Images) Matt Cardy

Members of the Royal Marines and diving units take part in a final rehearsal, ahead of their role in the Armed Forces' ceremonial duties at the royal wedding at HMS Collingwood on May 16, 2018 in Fareham, England. Sailors from the Royal Navy small ships, diving unit and the Royal Marines will provide ceremonial support at the royal wedding of Prince Harry to Ms. Meghan Markle on saturday, June 19 in Windsor. WPA Pool

Jars of the divisively-flavoured yeast extract spread Marmite, labelled with the names "Meghan" and "Harry" are seen on a shop shelf, as fans begin to arrive ahead of a four day wait for the royal wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, on May 15, 2018 in Windsor, England. Leon Neal

Baked tea cups for the production of special edition crockery ahead of the wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle at William Edwards Home Ltd on May 16, 2018 in Stoke on Trent, England. Crafted in the Potteries, William Edwards Home Ltd has created a limited edition collection of fine bone china embellished with both platinum and 22 carat gold to celebrate the Royal marriage of HRH Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. Jan Kruger

Royal fans John Loughrey (C) and Terry Hutt (R) pose for a photograph ahead of the dress rehearsal for the wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on May 17, 2018 in Windsor, England. (Photo by Chris Jackson/Getty Images) Chris Jackson

Royal fan Anne Daley with her dog Camilla camps on the street close to Windsor Castle ahead of the royal wedding of Prince Harry to Ms. Meghan Markle on Saturday in Windsor on May 17, 2018 in Windsor, England. (Photo by Matt Cardy/Getty Images) Matt Cardy

A cardboard cut-out display of Prince Harry and his fiance US actress Meghan Markle sits outside a card shop ahead of the couple's wedding on May 10, 2018 in Windsor, England. St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle will host the wedding of Britain's Prince Harry and US actress Meghan Markle on May 19. The town, which gives its name to the Royal Family, is ready for the event and the expected tens of thousands of royalists. Jack Taylor

A double-decker tour bus passes Windsor Castle ahead of the wedding of Prince Harry and his fiance US actress Meghan Markle on May 10, 2018 in Windsor, England. St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle will host the wedding of Britain's Prince Harry and US actress Meghan Markle on May 19. The town, which gives its name to the Royal Family, is ready for the event and the expected tens of thousands of royalists. Jack Taylor

Royal wedding bunting sits on display outside a shop ahead of the wedding of Prince Harry and his fiance US actress Meghan Markle on May 10, 2018 in Windsor, England. St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle will host the wedding of Britain's Prince Harry and US actress Meghan Markle on May 19. The town, which gives its name to the Royal Family, is ready for the event and the expected tens of thousands of royalists. Jack Taylor

Masks of Prince Harry and his fiance US actress Meghan Markle sit in the window of a gift shop on May 10, 2018 in Windsor, England. St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle will host the wedding of Britain's Prince Harry and US actress Meghan Markle on May 19. The town, which gives its name to the Royal Family, is ready for the event and the expected tens of thousands of royalists. Jack Taylor

Barrels of Windsor Knot, a beer to commemorate the upcoming Royal Wedding, sit on the back of a cart ahead of the wedding of Prince Harry and his fiance US actress Meghan Markle on May 10, 2018 in Windsor, England. St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle will host the wedding of Britain's Prince Harry and US actress Meghan Markle on May 19. The town, which gives its name to the Royal Family, is ready for the event and the expected tens of thousands of royalists. Jack Taylor

The changing of the guard ceremony takes place through the streets of Windsor ahead of the wedding of Prince Harry and his fiance US actress Meghan Markle on May 10, 2018 in Windsor, England. St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle will host the wedding of Britain's Prince Harry and US actress Meghan Markle on May 19. The town, which gives its name to the Royal Family, is ready for the event and the expected tens of thousands of royalists. Jack Taylor

Armed police officers speak with members of the public ahead of the wedding of Prince Harry and his fiance US actress Meghan Markle on May 10, 2018 in Windsor, England. St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle will host the wedding of Britain's Prince Harry and US actress Meghan Markle on May 19. The town, which gives its name to the Royal Family, is ready for the event and the expected tens of thousands of royalists. Jack Taylor

People gather outside a pub decorated to mark the upcoming wedding of Prince Harry and his fiance US actress Meghan Markle on May 10, 2018 in Windsor, England. St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle will host the wedding of Britain's Prince Harry and US actress Meghan Markle on May 19. The town, which gives its name to the Royal Family, is ready for the event and the expected tens of thousands of royalists. Jack Taylor

Royal Palaces Head Chef Mark Flanagan begins preparations for the wedding banquet for the marriage ceremony of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle in the Royal Kitchen at Windsor Castle on May 10, 2018 in Windsor, England. WPA Pool

A window display commemorates the upcoming wedding of Prince Harry and his fiance US actress Meghan Markle on May 10, 2018 in Windsor, England. St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle will host the wedding of Britain's Prince Harry and US actress Meghan Markle on May 19. The town, which gives its name to the Royal Family, is ready for the event and the expected tens of thousands of royalists. Jack Taylor

Union Flags hang above Regent Street, as part of the preparations for the wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, on May 11, 2018 in London, England. Leon Neal

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle make their first appearance after announcing they are now engaged to be married in 2018. CNN

A woman leaves a gift shop with a cardboard display of Prince Harry and his fiance US actress Meghan Markle on May 10, 2018 in Windsor, England. St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle will host the wedding of Britain's Prince Harry and US actress Meghan Markle on May 19. The town, which gives its name to the Royal Family, is ready for the event and the expected tens of thousands of royalists. Jack Taylor

Prev 1 / Ad Next