Kate Hudson Is Pregnant, Expecting Baby Girl With Danny Fujikawa Kate Hudson is going to be a mom — for the third time! The 38-year-old actress announced on Friday, April 6, that she is expecting a baby girl with her boyfriend, Danny Fujikawa.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2018 A new bundle of joy! Scroll through to see all the cute babies who were born to famous parents in 2018, so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive […]

“SURPRISE!!! 🤱 If you’ve wondered why I’ve been so absent on my social channels it’s because I have never been more sick! It’s was the most sick first trimester of all my children,” the Almost Famous star captioned a video of her gender reveal on Instagram. “Boomerangs have made me nauseous, Superzoom is an easy way to have my head in the toilet, food instagrams make me queezy and thinking too much about insta stories made me even more exhausted than I already had been. If you’ve seen me out and about smiling and pretending like everything is amazing…I was lying!”

“BUT! I have broken through on the other end of that and rediscovering the joys of insta/snap. We have been trying to keep this pregnancy under the radar for as long as possible but I’m a poppin now!” she continued. “And it’s too darn challenging to hide, and frankly hiding is more exhausting then just coming out with it! My kids, Danny, myself and the entire family are crazy excited! A little girl on the way 💕.”

Related: Celebrity Couples and How They First Met: Love Story Beginnings Star-crossed lovers! Ever wonder how celebrity couples like Brangelina, Tom and Gisele, and the Beckhams first met? Whether it was through mutual friends or at work, check out their love story beginnings here!

Hudson and Fujikawa celebrated their one-year anniversary in December 2017. The couple, who made their red carpet debut in May, first met when the How to Lose a Guy In 10 Days actress was 23.

“The first time I met Danny I was 23 and enormously pregnant with Ryder. His step sisters are my best friends @sarafoster @erinfoster and so it goes we have been in the same circle for over a decade!” Hudson explained in December via Instagram. “A year ago today Danny took me on a hike and what I thought was just a hike with a family friend turned very quickly into an unexpected first date. No moves were made on this first date. In fact, it took months for him to make a first move! And as a kiss on this bridge would have been nice, the kiss a year later was so much sweeter.”

Related: Kate Hudson’s Bikini Body Through the Years Great Kate! Take a look back at photos of Kate Hudson's sizzling and incredible bikini body through the years.

The Pretty Happy author shares Ryder, 14, with ex-husband Chris Robinson, whom she was married to from 2000 to 2007. She also shares son Bingham, 6, with her ex-fiancé Matthew Bellamy.