Kourtney Kardashian bares backside in Mexico vacation Kourtney Kardashian might not be baring it all, but she's pretty close to it.

On Thursday, the 38-year-old entrepreneur posted an Instagram photo showing her sexy backside while on vacation in Mexico with boyfriend, Younes Bendjima, 24.

The mother-of-three looked incredible as she kicked back and relaxed in the tropical setting.

Happy woman: Kourtney Kardashian smiled as she bared it all on Thursday in this Instagram photo from her vacation in Punta Mita, Mexico with her beau Younes Bendjima

The Keeping up with the Kardashians star wore a white string bikini and nothing more.

The sizzling photo showed the mother-of-three sitting at a private bar with her back turned to the camera.

The Armenian beauty also flashed a lot of leg by stretching it out over a bar stool and showing its definition.

Enjoying life: The hot brunette looked stunning in her white string bikini

Kourtney previously highlighted her backside on Wednesday with an even more revealing Instagram post.

The reality TV star had on only a skimpy bikini as she dug into her guacamole with chips.

Naughty gal: The eldest Kardashian showed an even more risque photo on Wednesday

This comes days after Kourtney and Younes were spotted at the airport on Sunday.

She had none of her three kids - Mason, Penelope and Reign - in tow.

The two have been on several trips together during their one year relationship, including NYC, Paris and Egypt.

Looking good: The beauty also wore a white bikini with white illesteva sunglasses while in a swimming pool in Punta Mita

In an Instagram snap shared Tuesday, the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star was wearing a white bikini with white illesteva sunglasses while in a swimming pool.

The looker was toned and tanned in the snap as she had one foot in the pool and the other on the border.

Below her was the beach and to the side Bougainvillea plants in full bloom.

There are more images on Snapchat. Kourtney is seen in a black bikini as she has a meal on the beach.

Food for thought: There are more images on Snapchat. Kourtney is seen in a black bikini as she has a meal on the beach

There's her man! The siren also shared this snap of her beau Younes looking at the ocean

Paradise! Their surroundings were absolutely exquisite

Feet on feet: Kourtney captioned this Snapchat image, 'Couple goals'

Cuddle time: The couple cosied up to each other during their Mexican getaway

Younes went shirtless, briefly showing off her chiseled figure while relaxing with his love in the sun.

The duo were spotted reclining on beach chairs together at their luxury digs.

Kourtney leaned to look at something on Younes' phone, craning her neck over the tall, handsome model's shoulder to get a peek at the screen.

There, the eldest Kardashian covered up in a white button up while her other half wore a similar olive style.

Breathtaking: The social media star shared a bird's eye view of the beautiful beach

It's love: Younes and Kourtney side-by-side during Paris Fashion Week in September

Arriving at an airport in Puerto Vallarta, the couple was dressed down.

Kourtney wore a black top with track pants and sunglasses.

Besides her, Younes had on olive green while he carried a bag emblazoned with the letters 'KOURT.'

The couple were similarly understated for their flight back home on Tuesday.

Mother-of-three Kourtney looked comfortable in light-washed denim and a plain black pullover.

Her raven locks looked ultra shiny, styled straight and sleek.

Almost naked: This comes after the siren was seen modeling Calvin Klein lingerie with her siblings Khloe, Kim, Kylie and Kendall

She toted a customized bag at her side while Younes rolled two suitcases through the terminal.

The Algerian talent sported the same faded green sweatshirt he wore during his travels South of the border.

He donned a pair of coveted Yeezy Wave Runner 700 sneakers on foot while his love wore classic white kicks.

The couple's getaway comes on the heels of the siren's brand new campaign for Calvin Klein lingerie, which she shot with her siblings Khloe, Kim, Kylie and Kendall.

Covered up: In this set up, Kim and Khloe have on very little while Kourtney is covered up

Kim looked toned and incredible, though some haters said she looked like an 'alien' due to being Photoshopped.

She wore both black and white bras and panties.

Khloe, who is pregnant with her first child, appeared to have no bump. She is over six months along and the father is Tristan Thompson.

And Kylie, who is also with child, went to great lengths to hide her midsection. She is expecting her first baby with rapper Travis Scott.

Kendall, a Vogue model, was also present.

The Calabasas native was also seen on Sunday's episode of KUWTK complaining about ex Scott Disick, 34.

He had called her at 2am to talk about life and how she finally and bluntly told him that model Bendjima, 24, was her serious boyfriend.

Kourtney told her sisters that the next day she had rushed over to see Scott because he was behaving erratically.

New boyfriend: Kardashian, 38, relayed how she told Scott Disick that she has a new 24-year-old boyfriend during Sunday's episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians

Father of three: Scott called Kourtney at 2am to talk about life and she informed him about new boyfriend Younes Bendjima

But when she got there he acted 'aggressively' toward her and she sat him down for a serious talk about their family's future.

The drama unfolded as Kourtney told Khloe about the phone call from Scott.

'Last night Scott called me at like 2am, he never calls me late at night ever. He was just ranting like ''What are we doing in life? What am I doing What are you doing?''

'I will go ''But what are you doing?'' or then he will say ''But what are you doing? Is it any better?''

Hung up: Kourtney told Khloe how Scott hung up the phone upon hearing she had a boyfriend

'By the end of the conversation I was just like ''I have a boyfriend and he is 24-years-old, it's not the craziest thing that has ever happened in the world.

'And he was like ''He is your boyfriend?'' and then he hung up the phone,' Kourtney said.

Khloe asked her if she had tried to call him back.

'No, I just went to bed,' said Kourtney smiling.

'Cut The. Cord,' said Khloe.

Bed time: The reality star said she didn't call Scott back and went to bed

'Got to do what you have to do. I just thought he knew. I thought how could he not know, we have been to St Tropez and Egypt together. What does he think that I just go on these elaborate trips?'

Khloe told her that Scott - or the rest of the family - would not have assumed anything.

'I thought it was a guy you were dating. Why would we assume anything unless we hear it from you, you cannot assume people know,' said Khloe.

Khloe told the cameras that she was proud of Kourtney for opening up to Scott about her relationship.

Keeping Up With The Kardashians airs Sundays at 9pm on E!. Stream in the UK & Ireland Mondays on hayu