Abby Lee Miller reveals Dance Moms rejoiced at sentence As this star's freedom was revoked, in the back of a packed courtroom sat four very happy people.

In contrast to Dance Mom's Abby Lee Millers tears over her jail sentence, four former reality television moms were laughing it up, the star told InTouch.

A group of the 50-year-old former students' mothers - Kelly Hyland, Christi Lukasiak, Dawn Check and Diane Pent - sat in the back of the Pittsburgh courtroom May 9 as the instructor was sentence to a year and a day in jail.

Laughing stock: Abby Lee Miller (pictured May 14) has revealed her former co-stars laughed at her sentencing

Celebrated: A group of the 50-year-old former students' mothers - L-R Diane Pent, Christi Lukasiak, Dawn Check and Kelly Hyland - sat in the back of the Pittsburgh courtroom May 9 as the instructor was sentence to a year and a day in jail

And Abby Lee was all too aware that the four women had come to watch the show that was her bankruptcy fraud case.

The reality star told InTouch she was hurt: 'They were all laughing at me.'

Not nice: The reality star told InTouch she was hurt, 'They were all laughing at me'

But they were not just laughing, post-court the four moms headed to a home and toasted Abby Lee's sentence with a bottle of pricey Dom Perignon champagne.

All four women shared the snap on their Instagrams which showed them all beaming from ear-to-ear.

Diane captioned the image: 'Great day with great friends! @kellylhyland @christilukasiak @dawncheck cheers!'

Dawn - a minister who Abby once called the police on - followed suit saying 'friends' on one picture and then 'silliness. Because' on a different angle.

But Kelly Hyland was not as subtle, captioning the photograph: 'Who is the happiest ???'

There is no love lost between Kelly and Abby with the pair once getting in a physical fight on-camera which Kelly was arrested for.

The Dance Mom and her daughter also went on to sue Abby and the show's production company but eventually settled.

Abby was not amused at the ladies' joy over her sentence as she has previously spoken of her fears that she will be attacked or sexually assaulted in prison.

According to InTouch, the reality star will start her sentence June 23 The Federal Correctional Institute in Dublin, California.

The star is doing what she can to prepare: 'I've been told to keep to myself and don't make friends.'

Ching, ching: But they were not just laughing, post-court the four moms headed to a home and toasted Abby Lee's sentence with a bottle of pricey Dom Perignon champagne

History: But Kelly Hyland was not as subtle, captioning the photograph: 'Who is the happiest ???'. There is no love lost between Kelly and Abby with the pair once getting in a physical fight on-camera which Kelly was arrested for

Abby wants to teach dance as part of the prion required work scheme. and is getting her doctor to write a note to the warden since she's 'trying to eat vegan' post gastric sleeve surgery, InTouch reports.

The star - who a former inmate said will be seen as a 'walking ATM' - is still struggling to accept this is happening to her.

'I just keep thinking I'm going to wake up and it'll all have been a nightmare, that someone is going to see the light and say, ''They went after the wrong person.'' I'm not as strong as I may appear on TV.

Facing the music: The reality star will start her sentence June 23 The Federal Correctional Institute in Dublin, California

'I'm angry about what the judge didn't know. Yes I did wrong things [but] it wasn't like big scandalous horrible things.'

Abby plead guilty last year to one count of failing to report more than $10,000 worth of US dollars' worth of Australian currency after she brought $120,000 into the US and and one count of bankruptcy fraud.

She was initially facing 19 more counts of fraud relating to her failure to disclose her earnings from Dance Moms and other money when she filed bankruptcy.