Chris Hemsworth argued with Avengers writers over Thor's direction Thor: Ragnarok signalled a massive change for Chris Hemsworth's hammer-wielding character, which in turn sparked rave reviews and huge Box Office returns.

So when the 34-year-old actor learned Avengers: Infinity War writers Anthony and Joe Russo weren't planning on rolling with the 'new Thor,' he wasn't happy.

According to a News Corp report published Saturday, writers ignored Chris' requests for them to observe the dramatic changes made to the character in Ragnarok.

Scroll down for video

'I felt stuck': Chris Hemsworth argued with Avengers Infinity War writers after they 'reinvented' Thor against his will for the upcoming sequel

The publication was reporting from a tour of the Avengers Infinity War set in Atlanta, Georgia, where the Australian filmed scenes for the upcoming sequel.

'I came into this and called Joe and Anthony and said, "Look, don’t write me the old Thor, we’ve got a new Thor now,"' Chris said.

He was referencing the highly acclaimed shift towards a comedic, self-referential tone he and Taika made with Ragnarok.

But instead of observing his request to keep the character's newfound mojo alive, the Russo brothers reportedly told him they'd 'reinvented' the character once again.

Thor's... knife? According to a report published Saturday, Infinity War writers (Joe and Anthony Russo) ignored Chris' requests for them to observe the dramatic changes made to the character in Ragnarok

Chris recalled his response: 'I was like "no, no, no" and I was really protective of what I’d created with Taika.'

They explained that the new direction was in line with the higher-stakes of the Avengers film, and to ensure the character worked well in an ensemble cast.

Play the new stuff! 'I came into this and called Joe and Anthony and said, "Look, don’t write me the old Thor, we’ve got a new Thor now,"' Chris said

Not again! Instead of observing his request to keep the comedic, self-referential tone of Thor: Ragnarok the Russo brothers reportedly told him they'd 'reinvented' the character once again

Chris eventually came around to their logic, but did not elaborate further on whether he preferred the changes.

'I think for our characters it was difficult but for me a hugely exciting adventure,' he said.

The actor also revealed that filming in Atlanta was great during summer, but as soon as winter hit, his wife Elsa Pataky and three kids very quickly 'fled' back to the comforts of the New South Wales coastal town of Byron Bay.

Avengers: Infinity War premiers in Australian theatres on April 25.