Fredrik Eklund on His Friendship with Bethenny Frankel: "I Feel Like I'm Married to Her" Bethenny Frankel and Fredrik Eklund are a BFF match made in heaven. We mean, they even have the most perfect celebrity couple name ever: Beklund.

How to Watch Catch up on Million Dollar Listing New York on Peacock or Bravo.

But actually, Fredrik recently revealed to The Daily Dish that he often feels like his friendship with Bethenny has taken on a whole new level. "You know, she's one of those, like, demanding personalities. When she speaks, she's in your face, she's in your head, she's in your heart. I feel like I'm married to her," Fredrik recently shared with The Daily Dish about his friendship with Bethenny. "And we joke about that, like that I'm her gay husband. There is a really loving friendship at the bottom of it, and now there's this business venture."

Check out the post on X





Fredrik is, of course, referring to his upcoming series with Bethenny, Bethenny and Fredrik, where he and The Real Housewives of New York City mogul will team up to invest in and transform multi-million dollar properties in the hopes of making some major moolah. And whenever you mix business with pleasure, drama is usually not far behind. "I think I'm one of the few people — I think she would agree — that I don't take sh** from her," Fredrik explained. "She tries to, and then I give her back exactly or even a little bit more [than] what she's trying to give to me."

Related

And the Million Dollar Listing New York agent is ready to assert his real estate expertise. "She knows real estate. She's good, but she's not as good as me. So she thinks she knows it all. Doesn't she even have a T-shirt, like, '[I] Know It All'? No, you don't know it all. I know it all. So that's it," Fredrik shared. "But I do love her, and we are filming a lot, and we'll see what happens."



Check out the post on Instagram

But Bethenny previously teased to The Daily Dish that she may actually have more of a home-court advantage when it comes to filming a show like Bethenny and Fredrik. "He's handling it phenomenally well because people haven't seen this side of him. People see Fredrik in charge of everything and he's the business guy. And he is and he's amazing, but this is showing when you film for two hours, you're gonna see something different," Bethenny explained during the NBCUniversal Upfront earlier this month. "And so this is different for him and it's amazing. I think it's bringing out a side of him that people have never seen. I mean I know it is."



See what Fredrik and Bethenny mean by checking out this first look at their new series, below.