RHONY: Bethenny Frankel and Ramona Singer compete for the same guy The claws are out in Wednesday's episode of Real Housewives of New York as Bethenny Frankel and Ramona Singer fight over the same man.

The duo are at a speed dating event when they both set their sights on the same gentleman and plenty of awkwardness ensues.

In a sneak peek clip from the show Ramona, 61, and Bethenny, 47, meet a man called Ryan, who buys Ramona a drink before getting into conversation with Bethenny.

Scroll down for video

Dating game: The claws are out in Wednesday's episode of Real Housewives of New York as Bethenny Frankel and Ramona Singer fight over the same man

'I think you're super cool,' Ryan, seen in a dark coat and red scarf he tells Bethenny. 'I think you’re awesome.'

'I think you're super cool,' Ryan, seen in a dark coat and red scarf he tells Bethenny. 'I think you’re awesome.'

'Thank you. Aww that’s super nice,' the Skinnygirl founder says before giving him a hug and returning the compliment.

'Thank you, that was very sweet. I think the same thing about you, I think it took balls to come here, I really do. I appreciate it.'

'It was a little romantic, walking in and being like, "Oh my God…"' she adds flirtatiously, hinting that it was love at first sight.

Determined: Meanwhile Ramona is at the bar trying to get a drink for Ryan in return for the one he bought her

'Bethenny thinks that he likes her' someone informs Ramona who defiantly responds that she doesn't care

'I don't really care who he likes,' she replies. 'He brought me a drink so I want to bring him a drink.' Ramona snaps back

The mother-of-one also made sure to make it very clear she's single.

'I'm always 100 percent honest with everyone,' she tells him. 'Doesn’t mean it’s not going to hurt somebody else, but I’m single - I'm completely single.'

Meanwhile Ramona is at the bar trying to get a drink for Ryan in return for the one he bought her.

'Since you were kind enough to bring me a drink, I thought I’d bring you a drink,' she tells Ryan as she hands him a drink

Cheers! The duo smile as they sip their drinks together

'Bethenny thinks that he likes her' someone informs Ramona.

'I don't really care who he likes,' she replies. 'He brought me a drink so I want to bring him a drink.'

Ramona, dress in a little black dress then heads over to interupt Bethenny and Ryan's conversation so she can hand him the drink.

Brazen: At the end of the clip Bethenny makes fun of Ramona as she does an impression of her

'Since you were kind enough to bring me a drink, I thought I’d bring you a drink,' she tells Ryan who looks delighted at the kind gesture.

It seems that Ryan was a popular catch at the party.

Carole Radziwill, also at the speed dating event, is seen complaining in a confessional, 'I didn’t get to meet the guy Rory wanted me to meet because he was being devoured by Ramona and Bethenny,'

It's not the first time the duo have dated the same man, they both dated castmate Luann De Lesseps ex-husband Thomas D’Agostino Jr and both romanced Harry Dubin.