Princess Charlotte and Prince George's cutest moments at Princess Eugenie's royal wedding Updated Oct. 12, 2018, 4:26 p.m. ET

Prince George and Princess Charlotte always seem to quietly steal the show wherever they go – and their appearance at the royal wedding of their father's cousin, Princess Eugenie, was no different.

The royal siblings, ages five and three respectively, had some adorable moments as a page boy and bridesmaid at the St George's Chapel ceremony in Windsor Castle in Windsor, England Friday.

All dressed up in their uniforms designed by Amaia Arrieta of Amaia Kids, they attended the wedding along with more cute kids, including their second cousins and the great-great nephew of fashion designer Hubert de Givenchy (the French label that designed Duchess Meghan's wedding dress).

Cuteness overload: See George and Charlotte at Harry and Meghan's wedding

Here are some of the Cambridge kids' cutest moments:

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

The little royals hammed it up with cousin Savannah Phillips (the granddaughter of Princess Anne who was seen covering George's mouth at Trooping the Colour in June). This time, the third in line to the throne was all smiles as Phillips appeared to play a pretend instrument at the event.

When he was caught being mischievous this time, George covered his own mouth as he realized the cameras were on him.

The personalities were on display out the steps outside the chapel – the young princess waved to the crowd as her older brother shyly hid behind the other bridesmaids.

The design on the bridesmaid and page boy uniforms incorporated the Mark Bradford artwork included in the Order of Service.

Charlotte had no compunction with modeling for the cameras.

Her bridesmaid flowers, which included posies of Lily of the Valley and spray roses, reflected the bridal bouquet designed by Rob Van Helden.

She also gave a smile and waved to the crowd while arriving for the ceremony in a car with other bridesmaids and page boys.

Married! Princess Eugenie weds Jack Brooksbank atstar-studded royal wedding