Halle Berry shares playful photo of herself on the toilet She recently seemingly confirmed she is dating producer Alex da Kid after posting a photo of them cuddling up.

And it seems like Halle Berry is open about everything on social media.

The 51-year-old actress took to her Instagram on Tuesday to share a playful snap of herself on the toilet.

She could be seen wearing a fur coat while her bottoms are at her ankles in the interesting black and white photo.

Interesting: Halle Berry took to her Instagram on Tuesday to share a playful snap of herself on the toilet while wearing a fur coat

A glass of wine could also be seen on the floor as she posed with her mouth agape.

Halle captioned the snap: 'When 2M followers walk in on you. [laughing emoji] Love to all of you!'

This comes after the Oscar-winning actress, 51, shared a black and white image to took to the same picture-sharing social network as she put on a cozy display with the 35-year-old musician.

Alongside the shot - simultaneously posted by her new man - Halle wrote simply: 'my balance.'

New love: Halle has seemingly confirmed she is dating producer Alex da Kid after they were pictured cuddling up in a sweet social media snap on Tuesday

Alex da Kid, whose real name is Alexander Grant, echoed the X-Men star's sentiments by sharing the exact same photo and caption on to his various social media accounts.

The Grammy-nominated producer has worked with legendary musicians including Dr. Dre, Rihanna, Eminem and Imagine Dragons.

Halle and her new love were spotted taking in a special moment during the LOVE x Miu Miu party at London Fashion Week at LouLou's private members' club on Monday night.

The actress looked incredible in a trench-style mini in which she gave a saucy feel with the Bardot top and nipped in waist.

Happiness: The Oscar-winning actress, 51, shared a black and white image to her Instagram account as she put on a cozy display with the musician, 35

Hello, lover: Halle and her new love were spotted taking in a special moment during the LOVE x Miu Miu party at London Fashion Week at LouLou's private members' club on Monday night

Halle styled her hair into a sex-kitten worthy chignon with flawless make-up alongside.

Alex sported an all-denim ensemble and a shiny silver watch for a night out on the town with his new girlfriend.

The private new couple have kept their relationship under wraps for at least a few months as they were spotted leaving separately from uber-romantic Il Cielo restaurant in Beverly Hills in July.

In August, Halle told PEOPLE magazine that she was taking a break from dating after her divorce from French actor Olivier Martinez in 2016.

Secret lovers: The private new couple have kept their relationship under wraps for at least a few months as they were spotted leaving separately from Il Cielo restaurant in July

No new friends: The music producer was pictured sharing a joke with Drake courtside at the Golden State Warriors game against the Los Angeles Clippers in 2015 at Staples Center

'I’ve been enjoying that,' the Flintstones actress said of her break from pursuing romance.

'I’m just with my kids and I’m really taking time to think and reflect, and trying to figure out how to make different choices and just have a minute to be with myself.'

Halle shares daughter Nahla Ariela, nine, with ex-boyfriend Gabriel Aubry and son Maceo Robert, three with ex Martinez.

The star was previously married to baseball player David Justice from 1993 to 1996 and musician Eric Benet from 2001 to 2003.

Subtle message: In August, Halle told PEOPLE magazine that she was taking a break from dating after her divorce from French actor Olivier Martinez in 2016