Watch Tia Mowry Reveal the Gender of Baby No. 2 Pretty in pink! Tia Mowry has revealed the gender of her second baby with her husband, Cory Hardrict — and it’s a girl!

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2017 Babies on board! Click through to see all the adorable bundle of joys who were born in 2017

The Sister, Sister alum, 39, shared a gender reveal video on her YouTube page, Tia Mowry’s Quick Fix, on Friday, January 12. She started the video by giving her followers some ideas on how to announce their own baby’s gender. At the end of the tutorial, she used a cake pop to announce if she was having a boy or a girl.

“Now for the moment we’ve all been waiting for — MY gender reveal. Let’s find out!” she said before biting into the sweet treat, and showing it was pink on the inside. “We’re having a girl!”

Related: Cutest Celebrity Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

“Cree is going to have a baby sister,” she added about her 6-year-old son. “We are so excited!”

The actress announced her pregnancy on Instagram on November 8, with an adorable photo of the American Sniper actor, 37, and Cree kissing her baby bump. She captioned the post with four red heart emojis.

❤️❤️❤️❤️ A post shared by tiamowry (@tiamowry) on Nov 8, 2017 at 10:20am PST

Mowry opened up exclusively to Us Weekly in August 2017 about expanding her family. “I definitely want Cree to have either a brother or a sister,” she said at the time. “It’s just all about timing and if it’s God’s will. My husband and I live such a crazy, busy life.”

Related: ‘90s Stars: Then and Now From Carson Daly to Devon Sawa, Candace Cameron Bure to Christine Taylor, see where some of the hottest stars from the ‘90s are now!

The Game alum and Hardrict dated for eight years before tying the knot in April 2008. The couple then renewed their vows in Malibu in April 2013 after they welcomed their first child.

“Cree was my motivation and inspiration to renew our vows,” she told Us Weekly at the time. “Cory and I have been together for 13 years and married for five. However, we now have this new miracle in our lives and I wanted to celebrate our love, and what our love together created — Cree!”