Met Gala fashion from Kate Hudson to Taylor Swift hilariously recreated by fan Instead of fabric, Joao Paulo uses everyday items such as paper and bags

He has also recreated looks from Karlie Kloss, Kate Hudson and more

The Brazilian blogger has recreated outfits from the likes of Taylor Swift

His posts have quickly gone viral and attracted thousands of likes

One fashion blogger has recreated iconic Met Ball looks on Instagram

When it comes to extreme fashion, it doesn't get much better than the Met Gala, hosted in New York on Monday.

And from Taylor Swift's robot-inspired mini dress to Karlie Kloss's cut-out white gown, one fashion fan was quick to capitalise on this year's sartorial highlights.

A Brazilian blogger, named Joao Paulo, from Salvador in Brazil, has gone viral after he hilariously recreated the top Met Ball looks from this year's do.

Inspired recreations: One fashion fan was quick to capitalise on this year's sartorial highlights - he fashioned Taylor Swift's dress from tin foil on Instagram (pictured)

Mr Paulo dressed up as many of the stars at this year's tech-themed Gala, from Kate Hudson to Taylor Swift and Nicki Minaj.

But, instead of rocking designer dresses, he recreated the looks with everyday general household items, including tin foil, paper and even plastic bin bags.

Mr Paulo amassed thousands of likes and comments, just an hour after posting his comparison pictures.

Blogger extrordinaire: The Brazilian blogger Joao Paulo, from Salvador in Brazil, has fast gone viral and become an internet sensation, after he hilariously recreated other top Met Ball outfits, including Karlie Kloss's white cut out frock (pictured)

Canny creations: Instead of rocking designer dresses, Mr Paulo recreated the looks with everyday general household items, including tin foil, paper and even plastic bin bags, as seen here in his recreation of Nicki Minaj's dress

His most popular posts of the evening so far include a recreation of model Karlie Kloss's white dress, and a tin foil version of Taylor Swift's punkish mini.

Mr Paulo also ingeniously recreated Nicki Minaj's bold look with bin bags and a heavy dose of attitude on his Instagram page.

Furthermore, he dressed up as actress Kate Hudson, rocking paper and white plastic bags.

Viral posts: While the posts were only uploaded just under an hour ago, Mr Paulo has already amassed thousands of likes and comments on his Instagram page

This isn't the first time Mr Paulo has donned creative versions of the celebrities' iconic outfits. In the past, he has dressed up as everyone, from Rihanna to Lady Gaga, Kim Kardashian and more.

His wacky but inspired posts have garnered the fashion fan and blogger well over 400,000 followers on Instagram.

Many people speculate about how Mr Paulo has the time to recreate every detailed look so quickly, and how he has everything he needs in his wardrobe ready to be cut up and re-fashioned.

Speaking to DailyMail.com in the past, Mr Paulo said:

'I've always wanted to create a blog with unique material, because I was tired of all the same things.

'I give tips on behaviour, love, music - always with a little bit of humour.'

Personal hobby: This isn't the first time Mr Paulo has donned creative versions of the celebrities' iconic outfits. In the past, he has dressed up as everyone, from Rihanna to Lady Gaga (pictured), Kim Kardashian and more