'That '70s Show' turns 20: Where are they now? TV

'That '70s Show' turns 20: Where are they now?

Aug. 21, 2018, 10:25 a.m. ET

"That '70s Show," which made its debut 20 years ago, followed a group of friends navigating teenage life in Wisconsin. The show, featuring Laura Prepon, Topher Grace, Danny Masterson, Wilmer Valderrama, Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis, lasted for eight seasons before being canceled by Fox in 2006. Here's where a few of our favorites actors from the show are now. Fox

Topher Grace played Eric Forman, a nerdy teenager who could often be found hanging out with his friends in his parents' basement. Fox

Donna Pinciotti (Laura Prepon) was Eric's next-door neighbor and longtime girlfriend. FOX

Prepon has starred as inmate Alex Vause on Netflix's "Orange is the New Black" for six seasons. JoJo Whilden, Netflix

Mila Kunis played Jackie Burkhart, a pretty and superficial girl who has a complicated relationship with some of the boys in their group of friends. FOX

Kunis (with Kristen Bell and Kathryn Hahn) has found success in the movies, including the current "The Spy Who Dumped Me" with Kate McKinnon, "Bad Moms" (pictured) and "Black Swan." She also voices Meg Griffin on the long-running Fox animated series "Family Guy." STX Entertainment

Michael Kelso (Ashton Kutcher) was a good-looking but dim-witted friend to Eric. LARSEN & TALBERT/FOX

Kutcher starred opposite Jon Cryer in CBS's "Two and a Half Men" beginning in the eighth season of the long-running series. He currently stars in "The Ranch" on Netflix. Monty Brinton, CBS

Kutcher and Kunis, seen here together last year, married in 2015 and have two children. Getty Images

Wilmer Valderrama was Fez, a foreign exchange student who becomes part of Eric's group of friends. FOX

Valderrama joined the cast of CBS's "NCIS" in 2016. Before that, he spent four seasons as the voice of Manny in the animated children's series "Handy Manny." Eddy Chen, CBS

Debra Jo Rupp was Kitty Forman, a nurse who is also a caring but overbearing mother. FOX

Rupp was most recently seen on NBC's "This Is Us" as Linda, a social worker who helps Randall and Beth through the foster-parent process. Ron Batzdorff, NBC

Kurtwood Smith played Kitty's husband Red, a middle-class vet who can also be tough on his son, Eric. FOX

Smith starred in ABC's "Resurrection" for two seasons as well as stints on ABC's "Agent Carter" and "The Ranch" on Netflix. Bob D'Amico, ABC

Danny Masterson was Steve Hyde, Eric's best friend who moves in with the Forman family when his mom leaves him. FOX

Masterson starred in TBS's "Men at Work" for three seasons before heading to Netflix's "The Ranch" in 2016. In 2017, several women came forward alleging that Masterson had raped them. He denied the allegations and no charges have been filed, but Netflix announced late last year that he would no longer be on the series. Greg Gayne/Netflix