John McEnroe refuses to apologize, mocks Serena Williams 'ranked 700' controversy Luke Kerr-Dineen

USA TODAY Sports

June 27, 2017, 8:58 a.m. ET

Safe to say, this John McEnroe-Serena Williams debate has gone from an overblown sports controversy to an entirely pointless one.

It started on NPR over the weekend when McEnroe, on a promotional tour for his new book, "But Seriously," caught some heat for a comment he made about Serena Williams:

Garcia-Navarro: We’re talking about male players but there is of course wonderful female players. Let’s talk about Serena Williams. You say she is the best female player in the world in the book. McEnroe: Best female player ever — no question. Garcia-Navarro: Some wouldn’t qualify it, some would say she’s the best player in the world. Why qualify it? McEnroe: Oh! Uh, she’s not, you mean, the best player in the world, period? Garcia-Navarro: Yeah, the best tennis player in the world. You know, why say female player? McEnroe: Well because if she was in, if she played the men’s circuit she’d be like 700 in the world. Garcia-Navarro: You think so? McEnroe: Yeah. That doesn’t mean I don’t think Serena is an incredible player. I do, but the reality of what would happen would be I think something that perhaps it’d be a little higher, perhaps it’d be a little lower. And on a given day, Serena could beat some players. I believe because she’s so incredibly strong mentally that she could overcome some situations where players would choke ’cause she’s been in it so many times, so many situations at Wimbledon, The U.S. Open, etc. But if she had to just play the circuit — the men’s circuit — that would be an entirely different story.

As I wrote at the time, it was a pretty 'gotcha' line of questioning from the host. McEnroe repeatedly lavished praise on Serena's ability but didn't steer away from the line of questioning above, creating a backlash that Serena responded to on Monday:

McEnroe could've just left it there, but his tennis player instinct to volley back apparently cropping back up, he did the opposite. McEnroe doubled down on the comment by refusing to apologize.

Clarified that he didn't know it would create controversy, and that he didn't intend to bother Serena during her pregnancy.

Following with a claim that, at 58, he would right now rank 1,200 on if he played full time.

Before concluding by mockingly re-ranking the best tennis players in history, putting Serena at No. 5.

More Tennis!

Anna Kournikova seen in public for first time in years in new photos

Who is Alexander Zverev's girlfriend? Meet Sophia Thomalla.

Are Jannik Sinner and Anna Kalinskaya still dating? Here's what we know.