Watch Jenna Dewan's Scarily Accurate Tarot Card Reading That Foreshadowed Channing Tatum Split Days after Jenna Dewan and Channing Tatum announced their split after nine years of marriage, the world has been quick to speculate about the reasons behind their break-up.

And while the world is currently mourning the loss of yet another one of our favourite A-list couples, we have a feeling the World of Dance star might have already known a break-up was on the cards back in January, as a result of an eerily-accurate Tarot card reading.

In the reading – which was filmed for Jenna's YouTube channel – the actress met with spiritual teacher Todd Savvas (whom she adorably calls ‘Merlin’) to find out what's in store for 2018, reports E! News.

Introducing the reading, Dewan says: ‘It's 2018. 2017 was kind of crap for everybody in their own unique way.

‘It's a new year and I kind of just wanted to know what's happening, what my soul wants me to know, what's on the horizon and what to look out for?’

In response, Savvas said her open-minded attitude was the perfect way to approach the cards.

Read Next

With the question ‘What do I need to know for 2018?’, in the clip Jenna chooses five cards and learns she's in for huge life changes in 2018 and will ‘push’ herself into new boundaries.

Here’s what her five tarot cards told her, according to Savvas:

Card #1: Try Things Differently

Savvas explains: ‘It's the most important card for you to take into the new year because everything essentially what I was feeling before setting into this and sitting into your energy. Everything that you've done and has done really well before, don't expect it to play out exactly the same way in this year. The spirit wants you to push yourself into new boundaries or out of boundaries, out of boxes, that also means you need to re-contextualise who you think you are.

‘The important thing about this card is having the capacity to give yourself permission to be different from what everyone else expects you to be.’

Card #2: The Player

‘The Player represents someone that promises things but can never follow through. Sometimes because they don't want, but other times because often they enjoy the game of playing.’

Card #3: The Leo

‘Leos are basically the best sign for everyone who wants to be famous, have their spotlight on them, be seen.’

The Player represents someone that promises things but can never follow through

Card #4: Receiving Money

‘These two cards let us know that by basically you trying things differently, listening to your intuition, not getting taken astray by people that would try to sell you snake oil, more opportunities open up especially middle of the year that leads to more money.’

Card #5: The Love Charm

In the reading, Todd asks Jenna to welcome in the love charm into her life, her heart and ask that all the days now be brighter.

Did Savvas foresee Jenna and Channing’s split this year? It kind of looks like it.