Selena Gomez Unfollows All But 37 Instagram Accounts New year, new Instagram game! Selena Gomez has unfollowed all but 37 accounts on Instagram. Fans noticed that the 25-year-old “Wolves” crooner, who previously followed more than 300 people, made the changes on Saturday, January 6.

The former Disney star is still following close friends Taylor Swift, Francia Raisa and Julia Michaels, in addition to Amy Schumer and Jessica Alba. She is also still keeping tabs on several fan accounts dedicated to celebrating her career.

Related: Celebs Fight Back on Twitter! Stars like Gabourey Sidibe, Sarah Jessica Parker, Miley Cyrus, and Ariana Grande fight back against the haters on social media — see their classic retorts

Gomez devotees took to Twitter to ask what prompted the “Bad Liar” songstress to unfollow Demi Lovato, Camila Cabello, Gigi Hadid, her costars on her breakout series Wizards of Waverly Place and the cast of 13 Reasons Why.

She unfollowed demi, camila & all her friends & 13 reasons why cast & wizards of waverly place cast & so many peoples. Wtf is happening — Hifza ❤ (@HappylenasLarry) January 7, 2018

As previously reported, the producer made her Instagram account private in December, following controversy over of a recent Billboard interview about a teddy bear in Gomez’s home. Gomez expressed her disproval of a cover story for Billboard magazine’s 2017 Woman of the Year issue that included details about her home.

The “Fetish” singer, who reactivated the account shortly after, shared a heartfelt photo via the account on Sunday, January 7, showing her outside her childhood home in Texas.

Related: The Most Influential Celebrities on Social Media Social media has allowed celebrities to directly communicate with fans over the years. Platforms like Twitter and Instagram have given users a closer look at their favorite celebrities, granting them direct access into their world. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing […]

“The home I grew up in, from birth to 12.. (no one was home when I knocked this time lol) I visit this place every chance I get,” she wrote alongside a photo of herself sitting on the front porch steps. “In many ways it very well could have been better than my life today, but I’m grateful for a voice that can enable change today. Even when I don’t know how to do it well or actually want it. I love you Grand Prairie. Thank you.”

Related: Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez: A Timeline of Their On-Off Relationship Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez had their fair share of ups and downs over the years amid an on-and-off romance. The “Baby” singer and the Only Murders in the Building star were first linked in 2011 after previously claiming their connection was purely platonic. The twosome made their official red carpet debut at the Vanity Fair Oscars party that […]

Since unfollowing multiple accounts, Gomez made a snapshot of her mom, Mandy Teefey, her profile picture. A source previously told Us that Teefey “has trust issues” over Gomez’s newly rekindled romance with Justin Bieber, and Bieber is hoping to that Gomez’s family “gives him another chance.”