Cardi B flashes ENORMOUS 8-carat diamond engagement ring as Offset proposes to her live on stage Cardi B flashes ENORMOUS 8-carat diamond engagement ring as Offset proposes to her live on stage

The singer was totally shocked when her Migos rapper boyfriend dropped to his knee in the middle of a concert

Cardi B is engaged!

This is the touching moment rapper Offset proposed to his girlfriend Cardi B on stage in front of thousands of screaming fans.

‌



The Migos rapper, best known for the 2016 hit Bad And Boujee, dropped to his knee and waved an enormous eight-carat diamond ring in front of Cardi as she shouted in surprise.

‌



They had been at Power 99's Powerhouse concert in Philadelphia when Offset - real name Kiari Kendrell Cephus - touched Cardi's arm to get her attention while she was talking to the crowd.

‌



Dropping down to one knee as she turned around, Offset then showed her a dark jewellery box containing the huge bling and Cardi reacted by dancing around on the spot and shaking her long dark hair in excitment.

Cardi was stunned when Offset pulled out the ring on stage (Image: Getty Images North America)

Offset took the ring out of the box and placed it on Cardi['s left hand as she gasped in amazement before hugging him in front of all their delighted fans.

‌



The sweet moment came just two months after the Bodak Yellow rapper gushed over her relationship with Offset, telling MTV that she was ready to take the next step with him.

"I'm a woman. Every woman, I think, wants to get married and wants to have children," she said.

The pair started dating at the beginning of 2017 (Image: Splash News)

‌



"It's never too early to get married now. You know, if you want to propose to me, you can."

But she added that she wouldn't be putting any pressure on Offset to pop the question, saying: "I don't gotta put the pressure, you know what I'm saying? I put it down. Ain't no pressure, baby!"

Cardi, real name Belcalis Almanzar, posted a picture of her pear-shaped diamond ring on Instagram after the shock proposal, captioning it: "Jesus Christ I’m so emotional, @offsetyrn I loveee you so much."

Article continues below

Cardi flashed her huge eight-carat ring on Instagram (Image: iamcardib/Instagram)

She went on: "Thank you for seeing the potential in me since you met me .For giving me advice molding me and loving me .Your such a amazing man to me your family ,friends ,kids and you are extremely talented.I can’t wait to spend FOREVAAAA with you .Lets make a lot shmoney and love together."

The couple started dating earlier this year and confirmed their relationship on Valentine's Day.