Bella Hadid doesn't care The Weeknd is dating Selena Gomez Bella Hadid doesn't 'care' that her ex-boyfriend The Weeknd is dating Selena Gomez.

The 21-year-old supermodel was left heartbroken earlier this year when she found out the Fetish hitmaker - who she knew through mutual friends - had struck up a romance with the 27-year-old singer just two months after they ended their on/off relationship.

However, it seems there are no longer any hard feelings between the brunette beauty and the 25-year-old pop star because she's not interested in her ex's dating life.

Scroll down for video

Over it: Bella Hadid no longer cares about her ex The weeknd dating Selena Gomez, according to her mother Yolanda

Speaking on Bravo's Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen, the host asked Bella's mother, Yolanda Hadid, whether her daughter was still hung up on the fact her former flame had jumped into a relationship with her distant pal.

And the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star said: 'Not anymore I think.'

Bella's lack of interest comes months after she admitted that her and The Weeknd's break up will always weigh heavy on her heart because it was her first proper split.

She said: 'As an outsider, you might think I handled it so well but it's always in your heart, and you always feel it very heavily. It'll be hard for a while. Love hurts, but you have to pull through. There's no awkwardness between us.'

Moved on: The crooner struck up a romance with the 27-year-old singer just two months after he and Bella ended their on/off relationship

Bella and the Weeknd - whose real name is Abel Tesfaye - first started dating in May 2015 and called it quits in November 2016

Rumors are now swirling that Bella is enjoying a romance with rapper Drake after he planned a 21st birthday bash for her over the weekend.

'He planned it and paid for everything,' a source told UsWeekly.

The supermodel and a group of pals gathered at Socialista lounge in New York on Monday.

When asked by Cohen about whether Drake splashed the cash for Bella's birthday, Yolanda played coy replying: 'He did, really? I didn't know that? I don't…They're friends.'

'Not anymore I think' Bella's mother Yolanda, 53, told Andy Cohen on WWHL that Bella doesn't care about her ex

New man? Rumors are now swirling that Bella is enjoying a romance with rapper Drake after he planned a 21st birthday bash for her over the weekend

When asked by Cohen about whether Drake splashed the cash for Bella's birthday, Yolanda played coy: 'He did, really? I didn't know that? I don't…They're friends.'

Bella and the Weeknd - whose real name is Abel Tesfaye - first started dating in May 2015 but their romance was short lived as they split that December.

However, there was obviously still some chemistry there as they decided to give their romance another go before calling it quits for good in November last year.

Just a few weeks later, Bella walked in the 2016 Victoria Secret Fashion Show in Paris York while her ex performed onstage and there appeared to be no animosity.

But the Reminder hitmaker was then spotted locking lips with Selena at the beginning of 2017 and the pair have been inseparable ever since - leading to Bella unfollowing both her ex-partner and her former friend on every social networking site.

Supermodel siblings: Bella is seen with sister Gigi out in New York before her birthday party