Blac Chyna packs on the PDA with boyfriend YBN Almighty Jay in LA They've been dating since February.

And things seem to be going well for Blac Chyna, 29, and boyfriend YBN Almighty Jay, 18, as the pair were seen packing on the PDA at the Lashed Ladies Luncheon In LA on Sunday.

The former stripper -who owns the cosmetics company for which the event was being held- poured her enviable curves into a pair of skintight striped pants that accentuated Chyna's peachy posterior.

Scroll down for video

True love? Things seem to be going well for Blac Chyna, 29, and boyfriend YBN Almighty Jay, 18, as the pair were seen packing on the PDA

The former reality TV star paired the booty enhancing garment with a tight brown crop top that showed off Blac's assets - and even revealed the outline of her twin nipple rings underneath.

The model -whose real name is Angela Renee White- wore her curly raven tresses pulled back in a tight pony tail and her wrists and fingers were covered in jewelry.

Her rapper beau meanwhile looked slick in a Dolce & Gabana Millennials sweatsuit and a pair of Nike high tops.

Dangerous curves ahead: The former stripper -who owns the cosmetics company for which the event was being held- poured her enviable curves into a pair of skintight striped pants

The bling ring: The model -whose real name is Angela Renee White- wore her curly raven tresses pulled back in a tight pony tail and her wrists and fingers were covered in jewelry

Busty: The former reality TV star paired the booty enhancing garment with a tight brown crop top that showed off Blac's assets

Pucker up: Her rapper beau meanwhile looked slick in a Dolce & Gabana Millennials sweatsuit and a pair of Nike high tops

Amber Rose arrived at the event a little later, accompanied by son Sebastian.

The 34-year-old model showed off her Spring style in ripped blue jeans and a floral print crop top that gave an unfettered view of the actress' many tattoos.

The ex-girlfriend of Kanye West rocked her trademark short cropped blonde 'do and shielded her eyes with a pair of white framed cat's eye sunglasses.

Peep show: The model's tight clothing left little to the imagination

Best foot forward: Chyna was previously in a relationship with Rob Kardashian, with whom she shares a daughter, Dream

Curves to kill for: The 5ft2in beauty also has a five-year-old son called King Cairo by the rapper Tyga, 28 who in a bizarre twist used to date Rob's half-sister Kylie Jenner, 28

Baby got back: Her latest beau, YBN Almighty Jay, a.k.a. Jay Bradley, asked Chyna: 'Will You Marry Me?' on Instagram earlier this month - though it is not entirely clear whether or not he was joking

Mommy and me: Amber Rose arrived at the event a little later, accompanied by son Sebastian

Spring in her step: The 34-year-old model showed off her Spring style in ripped blue jeans and a floral print crop top that gave an unfettered view of the actress' many tattoos

Chyna was previously in a relationship with Rob Kardashian, with whom she shares a daughter, Dream.

The 5ft2in beauty also has a five-year-old son called King Cairo by the rapper Tyga, 28 who in a bizarre twist used to date Rob's half-sister Kylie Jenner, 28.

Her latest beau, YBN Almighty Jay, a.k.a. Jay Bradley, asked Chyna: 'Will You Marry Me?' on Instagram earlier this month - though it is not entirely clear whether or not he was joking.

Chyna declined to publicly respond to this message, and the fourth finger of her left hand has been bare in the intervening time, which suggests either that the proposal was just for laughs or that she turned the rapper down.

Yet judging by the fact they keep being spotted out together, the pair, who were first linked in February, have evidently kept the romance going.

Great hair day: The ex-girlfriend of Kanye West rocked her trademark short cropped blonde 'do

Trendsetter: Rose shielded her eyes with a pair of white framed cat's eye sunglasses.

Pressing the flesh: The entrepreneur lapped up her red carpet attention

This Easter, Chyna went for a jaunt with her teenage boyfriend and toddler daughter to Six Flags Magic Mountain, where their outing went operatically south.

Chyna was filmed tearing off her jacket and attempting to throw a stroller at another park-goer before being physically restrained.

After footage of the incident went viral, Chyna wrote on social media: 'Being famous is hard enough dealing with scrutiny but when someone feels comfortable to come and touch your child it's a whole other story.'

The entrepreneur went on: 'I do not condone violence nor am I a violent person but shout out to all of the amazing mothers out there that will protect their children at all cost. Love, King and Dreams Mommy.'