Kendra Wilkinson talks cheating on Hugh Hefner while living at Playboy mansion Kendra Wilkinson claims to still be good friends with Hugh Hefner, the man that not only let her live at his Playboy mansion for three years, but also made her a reality star with The Girls Next Door.

But it's hard to tell the blonde bombshell has any regard for the publishing mogul by the way she talks about their former romance.

When appearing on Kocktails With Khloe on Wednesday evening, the 30-year-old described how she went out of her way to step out on the publishing mogul, who will turn 90-years-old next month.

Ouch: Kendra Wilkinson told Khloe Kardashian during an episode of Kocktails With Khloe that she used to cheat on Hugh Hefner by checking into hotels down the street; here they are seen in 2006

Her old home: The blonde, now 30, moved into the Playboy mansion in Holmby Hills, California, when she was just 18-years-old

Dreamy: The E! star has said she moved into the mansion because it was nice, unlike the 'ugly' apartment she was living in

'I would go to hotels down the street,' said the mother of two, who is now married to former athlete Hank Baskett.

Pauly Shore was the guest who grilled the cover girl about her past (he had also asked Khloe about why she, Kim and Kris Jenner dated black men).

Wilkinson claimed she was not expected to be monogamous with the senior citizen, who she moved in with when she was just 18-years-old and he was 78-years-old. But she was expected to be quiet about it.

That is why she checked into hotels to sleep with other men.

The sit down: Pauly Shore was the guest who grilled the cover girl about her past (he had also asked Khloe about why she, Kim and Kris Jenner dated black men)

'I wasn't there for romantic reasons and for marital reasons like Holly [Madison] was,' said Wilkinson.

Kendra has been taking swipes at Holly ever since the beauty came out with her tell-all book about life at the Playboy mansion.

As far as romancing men inside the mansion, Kendra said she would not do that.

'I had respect by not going public with any of my relationships. I never hooked up with anyone in the mansion while being with Hef.'

The gals: Kendra, far right, with (from left) Holly Madison, Hugh and Bridget Marquardt in 2008

Wild child: The outspoken star has dished often about her time at the mansion; here she is seen during Heavyweight Fight at the Playboy Mansion - Tony The Tiger Thompson vs. Timor Ibragimov - in 2007

Her relationship with Hefner ended in 2008. She has since gone on to star on Kendra On Top.

As far as her sex life with Hefner, Kendra has said it was less than stellar.

'I was usually very drunk doing those evenings, I tended not to care about much until the next day. I had to be very drunk or smoke lots of weed to survive those nights,' she said in 2014 of getting into bed with Hefner when she was just a teen.

'At about the minute mark, I pulled away and it was done. It was like a job. Clock in, clock out. It’s not like I enjoyed having sex with him', the Daily Mirror reported.

Her family now: The reality star with Hank Baskett, Hank IV and Alijah Mary at Knott's Merry Farm Countdown to Christmas & Tree Lighting at Knott's Berry Farm in December 2015

She also said she moved into the mansion just for the location.

'He asked me to be one of his girlfriends and I was like, "I don’t know what that means, but hell yeah I’m there."

'I was living in the smallest apartment with the ugliest **** and I was praying for anything to get me out of there.'

She added: 'He asked me to be part of the Playboy Mansion and I accepted, of course. I went by straight away but I didn't know that sex was involved.

'He'd ask if you wanted to go upstairs, and that was that. I was 18 and he was 78.'