Nicole Kidman proves she can clap normally after THAT seal-like Oscar mishap had the internet in hysterics 'I worked on it!' Nicole Kidman proves she can clap normally after THAT seal-like Oscar mishap had the internet in hysterics

NICOLE Kidman proved she really can clap normally – after being mercilessly ridiculed for being caught applauding like a seal at the 2017 Oscars.

The Academy Award winning 49-year-old was embarrassed once again on Monday when Ellen DeGeneres dragged up the unfortunate moment on her daytime talk show.

Nicole was on Ellen’s couch as a star guest – but being an A-Lister didn’t save her from being grilled over the weird moment that stunned the world earlier in the year.

Through blushes, Nicole explained exactly why she had been clapping strangely in the first place – although it took her a while to reach that point.

“Lion was up for an Academy Award – a great, great film, beautiful film. And you got a lot of attention for the way you were clapping,” Ellen said – ambushing Nicole with video of the moment.

A clearly mortified Ms Kidman threw her hands over her head and exclaimed: “Ellen!”

“Well, I’m just… did you know ahead of time that you clapped in a different way?” Ellen then asked.

Denying she claps the way she was caught on camera, Nicole pleaded: “I don’t clap like that! I do not clap like that! That is a weird lens.”

Ellen called her bluff, however, replying: “The lens didn’t do it to anybody else’s fingers. How can you make any noise like that? You’re not even really clapping.”

Nicole then launched into her well rehearsed excuse – blaming the fine jewellery as the true reason she clapped with her hands bent backwards.

“Because I borrowed – it’s the Cinderella thing – you borrow these expensive jewels and I’m like ‘I must not damage these diamonds!’ Cause I have to give them back at midnight and so I’m clapping!” she explained.

“And they went back beautifully intact. Not a scratch on them. Keith is like ‘Do not damage the diamonds!'” she confirmed.

However Ellen didn’t appear to buy this response and pushed Nicole further.

“Have you not owned real diamonds before?” she asked – prompting Nicole to flash the diamonds on her hands.

Ellen then demanded: “Lets see you clap right now. How do you clap?”

Nicole then replied: “I worked on it!” and – to the sheer unadulterated delight of the live studio audience – clapped normally.

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220