Bradley Cooper And Irina Shayk Reportedly 'Trying For Another Baby' NEW YORK, NY - MAY 07: Irina Shayk and Bradley Cooper attend the Heavenly Bodies: Fashion & The Catholic Imagination Costume Institute Gala at The Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 7, 2018 in New York City. (Photo by Neilson Barnard/Getty Images)

Congratulations may soon be in order for Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk! According to a new report, the 43-year-old actor and his Russian model fiancée, 32, are ready to expand their family and have a second baby.

“They’ve started trying for another baby,” a source close to the couple — who are already parents to a one-year-old daughter named Lea De Seine Shayk Cooper — told Life & Style in the magazine’s latest issue, on newsstands now.

“Bradley and Irina are hoping to make Lea a big sister next year,” the insider continued. “The funny thing is that Bradley’s been staying that he’d be happy with another little girl. He wants Lea to have that special sisterly bond. Irina’s the one who’s desperate for a boy!”

“[They] have begun taking bets [on the gender] from friends and family. Of course, at the end of the day what they both really want is a healthy baby,” the source added.

During a recent interview with NPR, Bradley candidly opened up about how becoming a first-time dad has changed his outlook on life and how little Lea has influenced his acting career. “I guess having a kid, and having a family — which is a miracle and something I have always dreamt of — has opened me up even more, to the day, and to be present,” he said, according to Celebrity Insider.

“I spent about fifteen years going from movie to movie. And then I hit 39 and stopped and said, ‘What do I truly want to do?’ I want to tell Joseph Merrick’s story in The Elephant Man. I did that for one year. Then this one came to me, A Star Is Born, and I spent the next four years doing that,” he continued.

In A Star Is Born — hitting theaters on Oct. 5! — Bradley co-stars with Lady Gaga and, while speaking with NPR, the actor said the two hit it off right away. “[We were both] very loved as children. And when I meet people who have had a similar upbringing, I can see it in them. And that is the thing I want my daughter to have — I always want her to feel loved,” the proud dad said.