Kendall Jenner Tells Vogue About Lesbian Rumors, That Pepsi Ad, and Kylie’s Pregnancy ​Kendall Jenner, Vogue’s April cover star, doesn’t put it all out there like the rest of her very famous family. It’s why, she says, rumors abound. “I think it’s because I’m not like all my other sisters, who are like, ‘Here’s me and my boyfriend!’” she tells Jonathan Van Meter. But that doesn’t mean she doesn’t control her own narrative—if anything, Jenner pulls the ultimate millennial power move by telling her story when and how she wants. In her latest Vogue profile, she addresses her love life, her sexuality, that Pepsi ad, and whether there is another Kardashian addition in the future head-on.

For one thing, is she gay? “So it was a thing for a minute because no one ever saw me with a guy,” she tells Vogue. “I would always go that extra mile to be low-key with guys, sneaking around all the time. You don’t want to, like, look crazy.” But she essentially confirms that she is in fact dating Detroit Pistons basketball player Blake Griffin, coyly phoning from Michigan on Valentine’s Day. “I’m happy,” she finally admits. “He’s very nice. I have someone being very nice to me.” But if she weren’t dating Griffin, and if she weren’t, in fact, heterosexual, Jenner says that she isn’t the type to hide it. “I don’t think I have a bisexual or gay bone in my body, but I don’t know! Who knows?! I’m all down for experience—not against it whatsoever—but I’ve never been there before.” She has a “tough energy,” she says, but “I’m not gay. I have literally nothing to hide…. I would never hide something like that.”

As for the Pepsi ad heard round the world, Jenner had a difficult time in the fallout. “Obviously, my intention was not to hurt anyone,” she says. “Honestly, I just hid out. It hurt me that I hurt other people…. I’ve been yelled at before, stepped in controversy before, but nothing to that extent. You can never really prepare for something like that.” But she has learned, as “a huge people pleaser,” to be more aware of goings on on set, where, she said, “I need to be more present and pay more attention.”

One thing Jenner isn’t mincing her words over is whether she’ll be joining her sisters in their very contemporaneous pregnancies. “I am ready to wait,” she clarifies, having just bought a new home and forming plans to maybe begin competing as an equestrian under an androgynous alias. “I want to have kids, but at, like, 28 or 29.”

Watch Kendall Jenner Ask Herself Some Existential Questions: