Ciara brings cutest date to American Music Awards as four-year-old son Future Zahir steals the show Ciara arrived in style at the American Music Awards on Tuesday with her adorable son Future Zahir.

The 32-year-old singer held hands with her four-year-old son as they arrived at the Microsoft Theater in downtown Los Angeles for the annual event.

Ciara let her hair down for the awards ceremony with her tight dark curls down below her shoulders.

Cute date: Ciara brought her son Future Zahir as her date on Tuesday to the American Music Awards in Los Angeles

She showed her toned legs in a short black dress with green and yellow trim and side zippers and black gladiator heels.

Future stole the show in a bright red and blue Gucci coat, crisp white T-shirt and dark blue Gucci trousers.

He completed his outfit with white Gucci sneakers and beamed while hitting the carpet with his mother.

Ciara beamed with pride as she escorted her son down the red carpet, showing off a radiant glow that was amplified by her stunning makeup look, which was created by Yolanda Frederick for Pat McGrath Labs.

'For the perfect red carpet glow, I applied Skin Fetish: Highlighter Balm + Duo to the high points of the face and then layered a touch of Bronze Nectar 003 from Skin Fetish: Sublime Skin Highlighting Trio,' Yolanda revealed.

Stylish outfit: Future Zahir wore a red and blue Gucci jacket along with Gucci trousers and sneakers

New song: Ciara was set to perform her new song Level Up with Missy Elliott

Before perfecting the complexion however, the makeup artist started the look off with the eyes and brows, using the Permagel Ultra Glide Eye Pencil in Blk Coffee to define Ciara's brows, before using the same pencil 'to blend a soft almond shaped eye patter from the lash to crease'.

The eye look was finished off with shades from the Mthrsp: Metalmorphosis Eye Palette and the Mthrshp: Bronze Temptation Eye Palette.

'The beautiful bronze eye was accentuated with a flirty wispy lash,' Yolanda added.

As the finishing touch on Ciara's 'sizzling red carpet look', Yolanda contoured and highlighted her lips, using the Permagel Ultra Lip Pencils in Manhattan and Buff, before topping it all of with the Lip Fetish: Bronze Astral 'for a star-studded sheen'.

Ciara was set to perform her new song Level Up with Missy Elliott, 47, who features on the official remix.

She also was going to sing a new song from her upcoming seventh studio album.

Mother of two: The singer also has a daughter with husband Russell Wilson

Ciara has son Future with her former fiancee rapper Future.

She has been married since July 2016 to Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson.

They have a 17-month-old daughter Sienna Princess together.

Ciara was previously nominated at the American Music Awards in 2005 and 2013 in the Favorite Soul/R&B Female Artist category.

She released her first album Goodies in 2004 and it debuted at number three on the Billboard 200 chart.

She's back: Ciara was previously nominated at the American Music Awards in 2005 and 2013 in the Favorite Soul/R&B Female Artist category