Rihanna Says She and Drake Are Neither Friends nor Enemies Update (5:00 p.m.): Despite what Rihanna said that she is neither a friend of Drake, nor his foe, it looks like Drake might have a different idea. As Teen Vogue noted Tuesday, the rapper un-followed the singer. This event comes just one day after the Met Gala, where Rihanna was a co-chair and the focus of much media attention. Maybe Drake, her longtime admirer, just didn't want to see her grid anymore. Stay tuned for more social-media signals of his unhappiness.

The original story continues below.

At the 2016 V.M.A. Awards, when Drake professed his love to Rihanna as he presented her with the Video Vanguard Award, all eyes were on the two mega-stars, long rumored to have some kind of romantic connection. What would happen next? Would he propose, people across the Internet wondered? Would she return the compliments? As he wrapped up, Drake appeared to try to kiss Rihanna, and instead, she gave him the cheek. Now, in Vogue’s June cover story, Rihanna talks of a new, unnamed love in her life. As for Drake? It’s complicated.

“We don’t have a friendship now, but we’re not enemies either,” she told Vogue, which reported that she winced at the artist’s name before her “eyes glaze[d] over with cool indifference.” “It is what it is.”

The Grammy winner said that those moments of waiting for Drake to wrap up his long, romantic speech to her were, in a way, excruciating. She didn’t say whether this had anything to do with the fact that the two are not friends, but the memory of the awkward speech certainly isn’t her favorite.

“The V.M.A.s is such a fan-focused awards show, so having that energy around me, and knowing the people who had received the award in the past, made it feel like a big deal,” she said. “Waiting through that speech was probably the most uncomfortable part. I don’t like too many compliments; I don’t like to be put on blast.”

Though Drake has been forward enough to allegedly write about Rihanna in his music and tell Rolling Stone in 2014 that she was the “ultimate fantasy,” it was never clear if those feelings were entirely mutual.

In 2015, Rihanna told Vanity Fair that her ex Chris Brown was her last real, official boyfriend; she spoke of how it felt being dragged into headlines involving rumors about Brown.