Hilary Duff is playfully jealous as boyfriend Jason Walsh snuggles up to her dog in bed They went public with their relationship in June.

And on Wednesday, Hilary Duff was playfully jealous as boyfriend Jason Walsh cuddled up to her dog - and not her.

The threesome looked to be in bed, with Justin face down and asleep.

'Well this isn't fair': On Wednesday, Hilary Duff was playfully jealous as trainer boyfriend Jason Walsh cuddled up to her dog - and not her

On Snapchat, Hilary, 29, appeared to be in full make-up as she lamented over her situation.

'Well this isn't fair,' the mum-of-one pointed out, as she lied down next to her pooch, Peach.

The Younger star and her trainer were rumoured to be dating in March of this year, with a source shooting down the claims to E! News.

Summer lovin': The couple were first confirmed to be dating in June

Mornings: Hilary was spotted in West Hollywood on Thursday

Girls' time: The actress hit up Ed's Coffee in West Hollywood with a pal

But then, in June, the couple were spotted out together, with a source confirming their romance to E!.

'The pair have been spending a lot of time with each other in recent months, both in the gym and out at various restaurants to enjoy some fine dining, and it seems this budding romance began as a friendship.'

When asked last month by Good Day New York if she had 'found a little like in our life' with Jason, the actress confirmed that she had.

'We have. We’ve known each other for a really long time and he’s a great guy and we have a lot of fun together. It’s nice to have that excitement in my life,' she said.

Last week, Hilary took to social media to confirm the news with a picture.

'Date night with J ❤️,' wrote the star under a photo of herself kissing her love of a few months.

On-the-go look: The pretty blonde was dressed in all-black workout attire

See you later! Hilary and her pal gave a quick hug as they appeared to say goodbye

Mustard maven: The mother-of-one later changed up her look as she headed to a hair appointment at the Nine Zero One Salon

Prior to her romance with Jason, the former Lizzie McGuire star was married to ex-husband Mike Comrie from August 2010 until February 2016, after having been separated since January 10, 2014.

The former husband and wife share son Luca Cruz, four.

Since their split, the two have remained friendly and cordial, and are often seen on outings with their young toddler.