Kevin Hart praises wife Eniko for forgiving him after his cheating scandal Kevin Hart has become an 'amazing' husband after his cheating scandal last year 'because I get it now.'

The hunky 39-year-old took to People magazine to shower praise on his 34-year-old second wife Eniko for forgiving him.

'I applaud my wife for just displaying a high level of strength that I can’t even explain,' said Kevin, who shares infant son Kenzo with Eniko.

Looking back: Kevin Hart has become an 'amazing' husband after his cheating scandal last year 'because I get it now'; he is pictured with his wife Eniko Parrish

'I applaud her for being my backbone, my support system, and more importantly, taking my life to the next level,' he gushed.

When he cheated on Eniko during her pregnancy, setting off a massive public scandal, his relationship with his wife was 'put to the test.'

Kevin claimed that video footage of his indiscretion was being used for extortion purposes - though Montia Sabbag, the purported other woman, has denied involvement in such a plot.

Getting through it: The hunky 39-year-old took to People magazine to shower praise on his 34-year-old second wife Eniko for forgiving him

'It’s the most difficult test ever,' he said of the strain on his marriage. 'And, you know, sometimes those tests come from stupidity. But it’s how you handle it, and how you decide to move forward from it.'

The comedian added, 'The friendship that I have with my wife is insane. Yes, that’s my wife, we’re lovers, it’s a relationship, it’s marriage…but the friendship we have is like no other.'

And he said he is now an 'open book.'

Hart explain: 'I’m not talking about outside your home, I’m talking about inside your home.'

Grateful: 'I applaud my wife for just displaying a high level of strength that I can’t even explain,' said Kevin, who shares infant son Kenzo with Eniko

'When you get to a point to where you’re that open, and you’re that understanding, and knowing of one another, the word "friendship" is a real word, you know, that word "best friend" is a real word,' said the movie star.

Kevin, who shares 13-year-old daughter Heaven and 10-year-old son Hendrix with his first wife Torrei Hart, married Eniko in 2016.

Reflecting on his and Eniko's romance, he said: 'The tests we’ve passed made us love each other even more. It made us understand our bond even more.'