List of Girls episodes No.

overall No. in

season Title Directed by Written by Original release date US viewers

(millions)

The New York Times, Hannah is sent on an assignment to a surf camp in the Hamptons by a magazine publisher. Although she initially dislikes it, she soon loosens up when she pursues a sexual tryst with her free-spirited instructor, Paul-Louis. Back in New York City, Marnie struggles to come to terms with her divorce from Desi, particularly after watching Ray and Shoshanna's friendly, affectionate interactions. At the same time, Ray decides to crash at Adam and Jessa's apartment despite both of them being deeply and sexually involved with each other. Several months later, after her piece about Jessa and Adam's relationship is published in, Hannah is sent on an assignment to a surf camp in the Hamptons by a magazine publisher. Although she initially dislikes it, she soon loosens up when she pursues a sexual tryst with her free-spirited instructor, Paul-Louis. Back in New York City, Marnie struggles to come to terms with her divorce from Desi, particularly after watching Ray and Shoshanna's friendly, affectionate interactions. At the same time, Ray decides to crash at Adam and Jessa's apartment despite both of them being deeply and sexually involved with each other.

54 2 "Hostage Situation" Lena Dunham Lena Dunham February 19, 2017 ( ) 0.708 [ 53 ]

Hannah reluctantly agrees to accompany Marnie and Desi on a weekend trip to Poughkeepsie, in order to provide Ray with a cover story. In Poughkeepsie, Marnie discovers that Desi has been addicted to Oxycontin for a year, resulting in a violent argument. After shutting Desi out of the house, Hannah gently explains to Marnie that she didn't notice Desi's drug addiction because she spends too much time thinking about herself, which Hannah admits she understands all too well. She reaffirms their friendship, and eventually helps her take Desi home. Meanwhile, Jessa invites herself to a networking event organized by Shoshanna's former college friends, who started their own clothing line. Shoshanna is confronted by her former friends for having bailed on their Spring Break trip to Aruba , and for subsequently abandoning them in order to pursue friendships with Jessa's circle. Outside, a seething Shoshanna snaps at Jessa and accuses her of ruining her life.

Hannah visits the upscale apartment of Chuck Palmer, a famed, prize-winning writer, who has summoned her after reading an article that she wrote accusing him of coercing college students into having sex with him, and desiring to give her his side of the story. The two engage in a long and tense debate about Chuck's shortcomings in his interactions towards women, as he appears unaware of the impact of the power imbalance between him and the college girls Hannah quoted. He also points out Hannah's journalistic mistake, since most of her sources for the article were Tumblr blog posts, and therefore relied on hearsay . Hannah and Chuck begin to bond over their shared literary preferences, and their perceived insecurities. However, after Hannah apologizes for writing the article, Chuck manipulates her into grabbing his penis, and Hannah finally understands who he really is. Hannah reluctantly avoids making a scene by agreeing to listen to a flute recital by Chuck's visiting daughter, and leaves, looking visibly ashamed, humiliated and enraged.

56 4 "Painful Evacuation" Jesse Peretz Lena Dunham & Jenni Konner March 5, 2017 ( ) 0.571 [ 56 ]

Emotionally rejected by Marnie, Ray begins to feel disillusioned about their relationship, particularly when she rejects his effort to hang out with her. When one of Grumpy's regular customers collapses and dies after Ray is brusque with him, Ray and Hermie get into an argument over the idea that Ray is wasting his potential. Later, Ray goes to Hermie's apartment to apologize, only to find that he has died. Adam and Jessa decide to make a movie together based on their situation with Hannah. Meanwhile, Hannah suffers from a urinary tract infection due to her HPV, and decides to go to the emergency room to get some antibiotics; she has a surprise encounter with Joshua, who reveals that Hannah is pregnant. When he immediately assumes that she will want an abortion, Hannah leaves the ER without getting any treatment for her infection. On her way home, Hannah is confronted by Jessa and Adam, who ask for her permission to make their movie. Irritated and still in shock from her discovery, Hannah mutters her consent.

57 5 "Gummies" Jesse Peretz Sarah Heyward March 12, 2017 ( ) 0.703 [ 57 ]

While working on their upcoming film, Jessa becomes worried by some of the lines of dialogue about Hannah and Adam's relationship, which Jessa realizes more accurately reflects their own; Jessa also becomes concerned that Adam is acting sympathetically towards "Hannah" during the filming. Meanwhile, a grieving Ray is going through Hermie's apartment with a disinterested Marnie. Finally fed up with Marnie's self-absorbed behaviour, Ray breaks up with her. Hannah reveals her pregnancy to Loreen, who is visiting for a few days. Although Loreen appears happy with the news, it becomes clear that she has become addicted to cannabis and is struggling to cope with being alone after her divorce. After a fight with Hannah at a laundromat while high, Loreen disappears. Elijah and Hannah find Loreen eating at a Chinese restaurant; Loreen breaks the news of Hannah's pregnancy to Elijah, who does not take it well, and bluntly tells Hannah she would be a terrible mother because she is selfish and self-obsessed.

Hannah finally informs Marnie of her pregnancy, and although she reacts positively, insists that Hannah has to tell the father. Marnie struggles to convince Desi to perform at a club in New Jersey as a favor to her mother; Desi ultimately turns up high, forcing Marnie to perform with her mother. Adam asks Hannah to watch the first cut of his film, saying he wants her to confirm its accuracy; in response, Hannah abruptly tells him she is pregnant. Adam informs Jessa, who confronts Hannah for not telling her about the pregnancy; Hannah responds that she does not care about Jessa, and that they were never real friends. Jessa tearfully tries to guilt Hannah into feeling bad about what she said, but Hannah simply retorts "I don't care anymore." Elijah, working in retail at his second job, realizes his thespian talent when he agrees to read lines from a play that his co-worker is auditioning for. Hannah makes a half-hearted attempt to contact Paul-Louis, but does not succeed. In frustration, she decides to watch Adam's film and is caught off-guard by its surprisingly raw and emotional opening scene.

White Men Can't Jump. On his way out, Elijah is surprised by Dill, who is trying to hide from the paparazzi due to a recent scandal involving him trying to adopt a baby on the black market. While hiding at the apartment, Dill learns of Hannah's dilemma and admits that not having a father figure growing up was the reason he couldn't bring himself to love anybody. Paul-Louis finally calls Hannah back; he is surprised by her pregnancy and offers emotional support, but admits he is not ready to be a father. Elijah returns from the audition and stands up to Dill, after which the two have sex. The next morning, Elijah is offered a part in the play by the producers. Elsewhere, Marnie receives an eviction notice and tries to pawn some of her jewelry, only to discover that they are cheap knockoffs. When Marnie throws a tantrum over the revelation, the appraiser advises Marnie that she is merely trying to blame other people for her predicament. Deeply affected by this encounter, Marnie decides to move back in with her mom and leaves an apologetic voice message for Desi, realizing that she needs to take responsibility for her own life. Elijah attends a workshop audition for a stage remake of. On his way out, Elijah is surprised by Dill, who is trying to hide from the paparazzi due to a recent scandal involving him trying to adopt a baby on the black market. While hiding at the apartment, Dill learns of Hannah's dilemma and admits that not having a father figure growing up was the reason he couldn't bring himself to love anybody. Paul-Louis finally calls Hannah back; he is surprised by her pregnancy and offers emotional support, but admits he is not ready to be a father. Elijah returns from the audition and stands up to Dill, after which the two have sex. The next morning, Elijah is offered a part in the play by the producers. Elsewhere, Marnie receives an eviction notice and tries to pawn some of her jewelry, only to discover that they are cheap knockoffs. When Marnie throws a tantrum over the revelation, the appraiser advises Marnie that she is merely trying to blame other people for her predicament. Deeply affected by this encounter, Marnie decides to move back in with her mom and leaves an apologetic voice message for Desi, realizing that she needs to take responsibility for her own life.

60 8 "What Will We Do This Time About Adam?" Jesse Peretz Judd Apatow & Lena Dunham April 2, 2017 ( ) 0.765 [ 60 ]

Having given in to his nostalgia, Adam expresses interest in helping Hannah raise her baby. Fearing that Adam will leave her for good, Jessa offers no resistance and has sex with a stranger in a bar. Ray and Shoshanna meet for lunch and run into her former boss Abigail; Ray and Abigail hit it off, and the two decide to work together to continue Hermie's pet project of documenting the effects of gentrification. The two later share a kiss while riding a merry-go-round that evening. Adam tracks Hannah down and makes his pitch; still riding her wave of loneliness after Paul-Louis's phone call, Hannah invites him home for sex. Appearing to have reconciled, Hannah starts making plans for raising the baby with Adam. However, by the day's end, Adam and Hannah both tearfully come to the realization that their enthusiasm for their relationship has already gone. The two return home separately, with Adam phoning a relieved Jessa to buzz him in to their apartment, while Hannah lies on her bed weeping, her fears of having to raise her baby alone now returned.

61 9 "Goodbye Tour" Nisha Ganatra Jenni Konner & Lena Dunham April 9, 2017 ( ) 0.734 [ 61 ]

Hannah interviews for a position at a college upstate with Phaedra, a creative writing professor who discovered Hannah's work online. While heading back to the city, Hannah receives a job offer. Elijah tries to convince Hannah to stay in New York, but she insists on giving a better environment for her baby. After Marnie fails to answer her calls, Hannah heads to Shoshanna's apartment, only to find the other girls there celebrating Shoshanna's engagement party. Hannah confronts Shoshanna for intentionally not inviting her to the party; Marnie, sensing the looming threat of a fight, calls a group meeting with Hannah, Jessa and Shoshanna in the bathroom to resolve their friendship issues. Shoshanna lambasts the girls for their self-absorbed behaviors, and declares that she no longer wants to be friends with any of them. After the confrontation, Jessa apologizes to Hannah for her past actions, and the two make peace. In one final hurrah, the girls end the night dancing in the apartment, albeit individually. The episode ends as Hannah finally leaves the city and moves into her new home upstate.

62 10 "Latching" Jenni Konner Lena Dunham & Jenni Konner & Judd Apatow April 16, 2017 ( ) 0.741 [ 62 ]