Jennifer Lawrence Says Taylor Swift and Karlie Kloss' Rumored Feud Is "Keeping Her Up at Night" If the possible feud between Taylor Swift and Karlie Kloss is seriously impacting your life, you are not alone—Jennifer Lawrence feels exactly the same.

At a TimesTalk Q&A to promote her new movie, Red Sparrow, Lawrence was asked what she would do if she had her latest character's spying skills in real life. She said she would put her powers to use to figure out what is going on between one-time inseparable besties Swift and Kloss.

"I’d like to know what’s going on with Karlie Kloss and Taylor Swift, that’s the honest to God truth," she said, according to People. She added that trying figure out "what happened" is "keeping me up at night."

In case you need a refresher, rumors of a fallout between Swift and Kloss have been swirling for a while. Here's the evidence fans have pointed to as proof that the two aren't on good terms:

Exhibit A: Taylor leaves Karlie's name off her Junior Jewels shirt in her "Look What You Made Me Do" video.

YouTube

The shirt did feature the names of several of Swift's current squad, including Selena Gomez, Ed Sheeran, Gigi Hadid, Lena Dunham, Martha Hunt, Blake Lively, and Ryan Reynolds.

Exhibit B: Karlie captions an Instagram "Swish Swish."

The post was a video of Karlie dribbling a basketball for a Love magazine shoot. The "swish swish" caption (which many interpreted to be a reference to the Katy Perry diss track widely believed to be about Taylor) drew so much criticism that Karlie changed it to "nothing but net."

Exhibit C: Karlie hangs out with Katy Perry.

In early February, TMZ published photos of Katy and Karlie grabbing dinner with mutual friends and since it's apparently impossible to be friends with both Katy Perry and Taylor Swift, this was taken as damning evidence of a rift.

All Jennifer Lawrence needs is a little real-life spy training—or a chance to interview Taylor or Karlie while subbing in for a late night host, maybe—to get to the bottom of this.