Beyonce Gives Birth, Welcomes Twins With Jay Z The Carter clan is growing! Beyoncé and Jay Z welcomed twins earlier this week, multiple sources confirm to Us Weekly.

Related: Beyonce’s Best Instagram Style There's never a moment when Queen Bey doesn't look flawless—and that's especially true on her Instagram account! That's where the pop princess gives her fans a peek at her sometimes private, but oh-so-chic street style moments, from a Chanel-pinned Canadian tuxedo to her countless crop tops. (Those abs!) Flip through to see all of Beyonce's most memorable 'Gram styles.

Queen Bey, 35, announced in February that she and the rapper, 47, were expanding their family.

“We would like to share our love and happiness,” Beyoncé captioned an Instagram photo of her bare bump at the time. “We have been blessed two times over. We are incredibly grateful that our family will be growing by two, and we thank you for your well wishes.”

The “Hold Up” singer documented her pregnancy on social media and made several red carpet appearances while expecting. Although she had to pull out of her headlining Coachella appearance, she attended the Grammys, the Beauty and the Beast premiere and the inaugural Wearable Art Gala at the California African American Museum.

Related: Beyonce’s Twin Pregnancy Style: See All of Her Best Maternity Looks See all of Beyonce's best second pregnancy styles in photos since announcing that she and husband Jay Z are expecting twins!

The couple’s new twins join their daughter Blue Ivy, 5. “They have been trying for a long time and now to be blessed with twins they are so over the moon. It’s even better than they wished for,” a source exclusively told Us earlier this year. “Blue is so excited to be a big sister!”

Related: Beyonce Goes Naked After Twins Announcement: Photos Beyonce announced on February 1, 2017, that she was pregnant and expecting twins with her husband, Jay Z — see naked photos of her baring her baby bump

Beyoncé and Jay Z tied the knot in 2008 and recently celebrated their ninth wedding anniversary.

Showbiz 411 was the first to report the twins’ birth.