Eva Longoria Lists Her $3.8 Million Hollywood Mansion Weeks Ahead of Baby's Birth Eva Longoria recently listed her 8,603-square-foot Hollywood mansion for $3.795 million just weeks before she expects to deliver her first child with husband José Antonio Bastón. The former Desperate Housewives star purchased the house for $3.6 million back in August 2006. The lavish contemporary Mediterranean-style home features nine bathrooms and six bedrooms, with a fireplace in each. Common areas in the house are primarily found on the second floor (there are three floors total, connected by a circular staircase with wrought-iron railings), and include a combination living-dining room with two fireplaces and several wood-trimmed glass doors leading out onto a wraparound balcony and a kitchen with an oversize center island and a cozy breakfast nook.

Along with a fireplace, the master suite has a sitting area, not one but two custom-fitted walk-in closets, and a tumbled travertine tiled bathroom with an additional gas fireplace between a large tub and a separate, glass-enclosed steam shower. The home also includes a subterranean ground-floor level with a state-of-the-art screening room, as well as a cavelike family room with a large wet bar and large windows that peek directly into the depth of the swimming pool. Outside, Longoria’s home is no less luxe, with a stone-tiled, courtyard-sized yard; a sheltered dining terrace complete with an outdoor kitchen and barbecue area; and a swimming pool and spa with grand mountainous views.

This recently listed Hollywood home is just one of the Overboard star’s many properties. She also currently owns an 11,000-plus-square-foot mansion in Beverly Hills, which she picked up for $13.5 million in late 2017, as well as a 1,500-square-foot home just above Malibu’s Zuma Beach, which she purchased in 2008 for $2.5 million. Longoria also maintains a 3,500-square-foot residence in a gated enclave just north of downtown San Antonio that she’s owned since 2005.