Blake Lively Telling Met Gala Paparazzi to “Calm Down” is the Mood for 2018 Blake Lively showed her mommy-side at this year’s Met Gala.

Co-star of upcoming thriller, “A Simple Favor,” flawlessly wore a Renaissance-esque dress and with the help of Met Gala crew, stepped onto the red carpet. That is when all the photographers got a little chaotic. (But it’s Blake Lively so who can really blame them?)

Who has time for screaming and demands in 2018? Not Blake!

Blake Lively Models on the Met Gala Red Carpet Blake Lively telling photographers to “calm down” at the Met Gala is a BIG mood. Posted by E! News on Monday, May 7, 2018

When the paparazzi erupted, she took a brief moment from hitting each pose to say something we have all wanted to say at one point or another thus far in 2018.

“CALM DOWN!”

The best part? They did. She spoke. They listened. Blake Lively has just done something no other celebrity has done. Calmed down crazy photographers without A) Throwing something at them, B) causing bodily harm or C) breaking their camera.

After playfully, but totally seriously, telling everyone to take a chill pill she went back to effortlessly posing for pictures.

Lively’s era fueled gown is an Atelier Versace. She told Vogue, “This year’s may be my favorite dress ever.” It executed this year’s Met Gala them of “Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination.” The red dress took more than 600 hours to create with intricate beading throughout. Lively styles herself and knew she needed something great to go with her dress to pull it all together. So she enlisted the help of her friend and jewelry designer, Lorraine Schwartz. “She’s looking at the beading of my dress and designing a piece based on that,” Lively told E!News.

Her heels came from Christian Louboutin. “I just sent Lorraine Schwartz and Christian Louboutin my dress, and said, ‘Ok let’s do something special,'” said the Gossip Girl actress. Lively continued to say that it’s so special that, “They’re making something custom for it. So it’s kind of nice, because I have a bunch of artists around me who I have direct relationships with.”

When you are slaying a Versace gown, Louboutin shoes and custom jewelery and tell people to “calm down,” they probably will.

What has been your mood this 2018?