Hilary Duff's neighbor threatens legal action after she called him out on Instagram Hilary Duff's New York City neighbor has threatened legal action after she called him out for allegedly keeping her up by 'smoking cigarettes and weed all night long'.

Dieter Addison is lawyering up, according to Page Six on Wednesday, following Duff's Instagram rant on Tuesday night.

Dieter spoke to the website by phone, saying he doesn't smoke pot and he actually lives full-time with a sober companion in the upmarket Soho neighborhood of Manhattan.

Scroll down for videos

Lawyering up: Hilary Duff's neighbor Dieter Addison is threatening to take her to court after her epic Instagram rant about his behavior on Tuesday night

'I’ve been sober for months now,' he revealed. 'I smoke a ton of cigarettes, don’t get me wrong, but this is a smoking building, which is why I signed the lease here.'

He continued: 'I am getting a lot of hate mail and threats from her fans, it is so bad I’m going to have to get a bodyguard. I am from a very private German family and we are hiring lawyers.'

Addison called cops on Wednesday because Duff's boyfriend Matthew Koma 'barged in and tried to punch me in the face', he claims.

'I tried to avoid his fist, but he hit me on the head,' Addison told Page Six. 'So I pushed him out of the apartment, but I didn’t assault him.'

A rep for Koma told the outlet: 'These allegations are untrue,' while Duff's rep told People that 'there was no altercation whatsoever,' as 'Koma went over ... and asked politely yet again for [Addison] to take his smoking outside so as not to impact others.'

Hilary, 30, took to social media on Tuesday night with this question: 'Calling all New Yorkers with a**hole neighbors — really open to any advice you have. My neighbor smokes cigarettes and weed all night long.

'My apartment reeks. Seriously, what do I do?,' she asked, putting his name all over the screen.

Addison called cops on Wednesday because Duff's boyfriend Matthew Koma (pictured together) 'barged in and tried to punch me in the face', he claims

'I’ve been sober for months now,' Addison revealed. 'I smoke a ton of cigarettes, don’t get me wrong, but this is a smoking building, which is why I signed the lease here.'

The Younger actress went on to say that she hadn't a wink of sleep that night after a 15-hour work day because of Dieter's behavior.

The former Disney star added: 'We know your parents pay your rent. We know you’ve never worked a day in your life—must be nice. Have some respect for your neighbors who work hard to live in that building.

'Don’t be a d*** dude — and put your trash down the shoot,' she continued.

And to give her fans a better view of her neighbor she shared a close-up of his Instagram profile picture and drew cat ears and whiskers over it. 'Meowww Dieter meowww,' she said later in an Instagram video.

She concluded with the words, 'Dieter get a vape' over an image of the man.

Tricky situation: The Younger star continued her Instagram rant, explaining why she's irritated

Mother's concern: Hilary shares her six-year-old son Luca with ex-husband Mike Comrie

In a statement, Duff's representatives told Page Six: 'Hilary and her young son have been subjected to excessive secondhand smoke, latenight noise, garbage in the hallways, and an overall hazardous living environment from this man for months now.

'She tried numerous times in polite ways to handle this situation including countless sessions with the landlords of the building. As every mother knows, protecting your kid has to come first and foremost and that is her primary goal. She reached a breaking point after a 15 hour work day and yet another sleepless night.'

Dieter sees things very differently. And he is reportedly considering taking out a restraining order against Duff and Koma.

He said the problems started immediately after Hilary and her singer beau Matthew Koma moved in next door in January.

'When they moved in I turned down the music right away,' he said. 'When she first complained about smoke, I did offer to send in my own contractors to fix the ventilation problems.

'But the building owners did not get back to me to give the okay for the work to be done, but I did try.'

Here he is: To give her fans a better view of her neighbor she shared a close-up of his Instagram profile picture and drew cat ears and whiskers over it

Dieter also maintained that he is employed at his family’s real estate office, and also works as an event producer and manages artists.

He is the grandson of the wealthy H. Dieter Holterbosch, who was born in Germany and immigrated to the US with his parents.

A 2016 New York Times obituary said Holterbosch was a self-made man who built a business empire that included a family vineyard, importing Lowenbrau beer to New York state and starting a distribution network for other beers

Meanwhile, aside from Younger, Hilary, who shares Luca, six, with ex-husband Mike Comrie, is in post production on The Haunting Of Sharon Tate.