Real-life Prince Charming buys his wife the Disney bench that he proposed on SEATTLE — If you needed proof that fairytales are real, just listen to Ryan Macedo’s story.

Macedo, who shared his ultra-romantic tale with E! News, met his wife Carla on a flight from San Diego back home to Seattle in May 2016. Both doctors, they hit it off immediately and, in fact, called their respective moms after they landed to tell them they had just met the person they would marry.

Just two months later, Macedo decided to pop the question during a trip to Disneyland. He originally planned to ask Carla inside Beast’s library at Disney California Adventure, but instead managed to convince employees to let them into the VIP sections during the nightly fireworks show where they were given more privacy.

His proposal went something like this: “On May 29th, I left my heart in the hands of the most beautiful woman I have ever met on Delta flight [number], so now I want to spend the rest of my life protecting your heart the way you’ve protected mine.”

Sigh!

Of course, Carla said yes and the couple tied the knot in December. But the fairytale only gets better from there!

For Carla’s birthday this year, Macedo came up with the brilliant (and swoon-worthy) idea of buying the actual Disneyland bench he proposed on the year before. He called up Disneyland and explained his somewhat odd request to employees.

“The first several people had no idea what I was trying to do,” he told E! News, “but I finally got a hold of the right person that said, ‘Well, the same bench is put in that same spot every night’. And I said, ‘I want it disassembled and I want it mailed to me. I’ll pay whatever it costs’.”

Since Disney is in the business of making dreams come true, they were able to follow through with Macedo’s request. The bench was shipped to Macedo’s home and he quickly went about re-assembling it in their backyard. When Carla arrived home, he blindfolded her and surprised her with what she instantly recognized as “their” bench.

And the best part? Disney had custom-designed a placard that read, “Once upon a time in a magical kingdom in front of an enchanted castle on this very bench on July 18, 2016, Ryan asked Carla to be his bride. Fireworks shot through the sky, with tears in her eyes Carla said yes. Ryan was overcome with joy and they lived happily ever after”.

See? Fairytales are real. Now the only thing for Macedo to do is to buy the plane they met on.