Queer Eye’s Karamo Brown Engaged to Ian Jordan Queer Eye star Karamo Brown proposed to his boyfriend of eight years, Ian Jordan, on Wednesday, May 9 — and it’s safe to say they will have one stylish wedding.

Related: Celebrity Engagements of 2018 Bring on the bling! Scroll through to see which stars proposed — or had the question popped to them — this year! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails […]

Brown, 37, popped the question during Jordan’s surprise 40th birthday party at sbe’s HYDE Sunset in L.A. The Netflix series’ culture expert dropped down on one knee and presented his director love with a silver David Yurman band, Entertainment Tonight reported on Wednesday, May 9.

“You are the funniest man I know, the kindest man, my biggest cheerleader,” Brown told Jordan, per ET. “You made me feel like I could do anything. . . . I hope we can conquer the world together for the rest of our lives. Ian Lamont Jordan, will you marry me?”

Related: Out and Proud Celebs In honor of Gay Pride Month, Us salutes these brave stars

Brown’s son Jason then made a speech. (Brown learned of Jason’s existence when he received papers from his high school girlfriend demanding overdue child support. At the time, Jason was 10. The reality star adopted Jason in 2007 and then adopted his half-brother in 2010.)

Queer Eye’s Fab Five — Bobby Berk, Antoni Porowski, Jonathan Van Ness and Tan France — were all there to celebrate with their costar. France captured the proposal on camera and shared it on Instagram Stories, writing: “I couldn’t be happier for you, KK and Ian!”

Related: Celebrity Weddings of 2018 Cheers to the newlyweds! Scroll through to see which stars tied the knot in 2018 so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly Deal of […]

That night, the Real World: Philadelphia alum shared a prom-style portrait of himself with his director beau on Instagram.

“I love you because of your heart, your humor, but mostly because you don’t mind serving #GlamourShots realness w/ me anytime I ask,” wrote Brown. “I pray today and this year brings you everything your heart desires.”

Meanwhile, Us Weekly exclusively reported on Wednesday Queer Eye fan favorite Tom Jackson recently remarried his ex-wife! The couple eloped in a private ceremony in Tennessee on March 27.

The newlyweds told Us: “The best part of the day was during the ceremony as we stood before the minister, both of us excited and happy to be recommitting ourselves to each other in marriage.”