Mandy Moore Is the New Face of Garnier Unless you watch This Is Us, you probably haven't seen much of Mandy Moore since your last '90s teen movie binge-watch marathon. That's soon going to change, though, as the 33-year-old was just signed on as the new face of Garnier.

Moore broke the news on Instagram on Tuesday, sharing a duo of photos documenting her various hair hues throughout the years, along with a sneak peek of her first campaign image for the brand's Nutrisse hair color line.

In the ad, Moore has a center-parted, wavy lob dyed a gorgeous auburn hue (it's Garnier Nutrisse's Medium Golden Brown shade, FYI). Her makeup is minimal (brushed-up brows and a swipe of rosy balm), allowing her hair to take center stage.

Captioning the photo set, Moore wrote: "I've always LOVED changing my hair (as you can see from the photos…and trust me there are so many more examples) — but a few years ago, I decided to change my life. From my work, to my friends, to my relationship with myself…it wasn't easy, but it paid off," she said. "So when Garnier asked me to be the new #GarnierGirl, and open up the conversation about transformation in a fearless way, I jumped at the opportunity. I'm really excited to share this with you. And there's a lot more to come."

Instagram content

The actress also spoke at length about her new role as Garnier's ambassador in a behind-the-scenes interview video titled "73 Questions." She explained,"Garnier encourages women to be their best — whatever that means for you. For me, it's always been important that no matter how I change my look, I want the real me to shine through," said Moore.

"I love to change my hair because, in a world where so much is out of my control, it makes me feel like I'm doing something to shake things up. But it's deeper than blonde or brunette. It's about figuring out how to make my outsides reflect my insides, and that takes a little soul searching. I'm thrilled, even a little nervous, to go down that exciting if imperfect path together with Garnier."

We're pretty thrilled, too. Check out a sneak peek of Moore's Nutrisse campaign, which launches September 15, below.