Idris Elba talks about 'awkward' Met Gala 2016 with Taylor Swift and Kanye West Idris Elba talks about 'awkward' Met Gala 2016 with Taylor Swift and Kanye West

The pair were deep into their feud following the release of the rapper's controversial track Famous

Idris Elba: It was awkward (Image: Getty)

Idris Elba has recalled the most awkward thing about co-hosting the 2016 Met Gala.

‌



The Luther actor, 45, said he had to present an award with Taylor Swift who was deep in her feud with Kim Kardashian and Kanye West at the time.

‌



He admitted he was clueless about their longstanding beef, but did sense something was off.

‌



In a game of Confirm or Deny with the New York Times , he was asked if playing the role of co-host at the Oscars of fashion was stressful.

“Deny. It was great. I felt really famous that day,” he shared. “It was a bit awkward because Taylor Swift and I had to present an award.

"We were walking through the crowd and obviously, there was a little beef between Taylor and Kanye. I didn’t know any of this. But I was there! And I was, like, ‘Oh, this is awks.'”

‌



Taylor dazzles at the 2016 Met Gala (Image: David Fisher/REX/Shutterstock) “Deny. It was great. I felt really famous that day,” he shared (Image: Getty)

In the interview, he was also aked if fellow DJ Paris Hilton was 'rocking Ibiza harder than you did'.

‌



"Pffft! Deny," was his cheeky reponse.

Taylor and Kanye's beef reached a head after Kanye released his track Famous with the lyrics: "I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex, Why? I made that b***h famous."

The rapper was criticised for the lyric after he first played the song at his Yeezy Season 3 fashion show but insisted Taylor had given her blessing.

‌



Idris Elba is the latest heartthrob to read a bedtime story for children READ MORE :

The actor cuts a sharp figure on the red carpet (Image: Getty)

From there, things got even more heated when Kim entered the fray in a GQ interview backing up Kanye's claim that Taylor had agreed to him using the lyrics.

She said: "She totally approved that. She wanted to all of a sudden act like she didn't. I swear, my husband gets so much s**t for things [when] he really was doing proper protocol and even called to get it approved."

‌



Kim also claimed the phone conversation was recorded, adding: "And then they sent an attorney's letter like 'Don't you dare do anything with that footage', and asking us to destroy

Kim and Kanye pose for pictures at the Oscars of fashion (Image: Getty)

What feud? Kim and Kanye at Met Gala 2016

‌



Taylor later responded with this statement: "Where is the video of Kanye telling me he was going to call me 'that b***h' in his song? It doesn't exist because it never happened. You don't get to control someone's emotional response to being called 'that b***h' in front of the entire world.

"Of course I wanted to like the song. I wanted to believe Kanye when he told me that I would love the song. I wanted us to have a friendly relationship.

Months earlier, Kanye had released controversial track Famous (Image: Wireimage)

Article continues below

"He promised to play the song for me, but he never did. While I wanted to be supportive of Kanye on the phone call, you cannot 'approve' a song you haven't heard. Being falsely painted as a liar when I was never given the full story or played any part of the song is character assassination.

"I would very much like to be excluded from this narrative, one that I have never asked to be a part of, since 2009."