Disneyland Has Its Own Exclusive Version of the Unicorn Frappuccino Wicked is everywhere! The inescapable phenomenon has basically taken over, turning the world into a pink and green technicolor dream. And now, as fans flock to local theaters to finally catch the film adaptation of the beloved musical, they're doing so dressed head to toe in their two new favorite colors.

Cynthia Erivo—aka Elphaba herself—knows a thing or two about getting a Wicked makeover, especially with the new The star even surprised fans in Jersey City when she stopped by Target to chat with Wicked costume designer Paul Tazewell, as part of a special takeover that also includes

Cosmopolitan was on the scene to witness the magic and chat with Cynthia about interacting with fans, getting support from Idina Menzel, and how much she's been changed for good as Elphie. (Oh, and she has a couple suggestions for specific Target pieces you should grab before they sell out...take her word for it!)

What do you think it is about Wicked that excites people to the point where fans are making it part of their everyday lives in merch?

I think it's how people can see themselves within the characters and specifically what these two girls, Elphaba and Glinda, go through. I think with Elphaba, you're sort of calling out to people who feel a little bit different and feel a little bit odd and are a little bit rebellious. And then for Glinda, it's those who love the sweet things in life and are trying to find their way to being good and changing their minds.

The obvious thing is the color schemes, and within that there's two different things that somehow managed to work together. It brightens up the day, brightens up your homes, brightens up lives, but it also allows for difference.

You've gotten to meet so many fans through this press tour. What is it like hearing their stories as you also go through your own journey in bringing this character to life?

I think it's lovely to be able to connect in that way. We both share a common interest, a common love, within this piece. And what's lovely is that I get to share it with fans. I get to share it with people who love this piece. My way of showing my love for it is actually by being in this and doing the best work I could possibly do, so I can give it back to people who like it.

Dave Kotinsky / Getty Images for Target

What is the one item in the Target x Wicked collaboration that you had to have?

I have a couple of items, so I didn't pick just one. . I have the cup. . When I say the cup, I mean the Stanley.

Which is completely gone now!

It's gone! I'm pleased about that. I think I have a as well, but the cardigan is probably my favorite because I love how cozy it is. set . When I saw it, I was like, "I need!" With all this flying around, it's necessary.

You're now a part of this wonderful sisterhood of Elphabas. You've gotten to meet a couple of them along the way, including Idina Menzel. What's it like to be in this exclusive group?

It's a beautiful thing, this legacy that's been passed down to me. I'm hopefully taking care of it for all those wonderful women who played her in the past. And what's lovely is Idina and I have been talking, and she's been so encouraging and sweet and lovely. She sent such lovely voice notes when she'd seen the film. She surprised me when we were presenting at the Tonys. I had no idea she was going to say that, hence why I had no idea what to say back except for, "I love you," and turned into a 5-year-old child. It meant so much to me that the person who was the architect of this character was sharing her love and encouragement and almost sort of nod of approval.

As a musical theater actor, how does it feel to bring this show to a bigger audience?

I think the wonderful thing about being able to do it in a film is that there's so many people who don't have the access to go to a theater, to go to Broadway, and so now those who can't make it can still be a part of it. It's just a lovely, lovely thing.

As a special bonus, Cynthia and Paul took to the stage at the Target in Jersey City to chat. Here is a transcript of some of their conversation:

How did you approach bringing Elphaba to life on the big screen?

I think I just tried to tell as much truth as I possibly could. I understood what it feels like and understand what it feels like to feel different, a little bit odd, a little bit out of the ordinary, and in that, sometimes, deeply alone. I used my experience of that and what it feels like to channel through who she is and try to bring some vulnerability to her.

How did you approach the iconic song, "Defying Gravity?"

I was given a lot of room to to find the story as I went along. It's extended, so there's time and we sang it live on on set. It meant that I could really take my time with the very beginning when she has to make the choice and decide what she's going to do next. I wanted to find her voice before she gets to that big moment towards the end so it doesn't start big. It actually is very, very small. At one point, my voice breaks into a whisper before I keep building all the way through it. I don't want to give too much away, but there's moments in "Defying Gravity" that create permission to soar, to fly, and it was difficult because I was doing my own stunts. I was in a harness on wires, flying and singing at the same time. So that was a thing that I had to navigate, but it was really, really fun. I had a wonderful vocal coach and I had trained to do all of the stunts. Combining those two things made it not easy, but possible to sing while flying.

What do you hope audiences will take away from the film?

I hope audiences take away a few things. That if you're different that just makes you special. I hope people feel less alone. I hope people start celebrating their friendships more. I hope that if you are someone who believes something strongly and wants to do good by the world and by other people that they speak out. I hope that those who maybe are afraid to change and change their mind have this film to encourage them to do so. And I hope that we all understand that you can find connection in each other's differences. The differences that make us special can actually be the things that bring us closer together.

What brought you the most joy on set?

A few things. I love my cast. I love Ariana. So that was really fun. She made me laugh every day. We were terrible when it came to not breaking. We would always laugh. Jon M. Chu, our director, is one of the kindest, most delightful beings I have ever met. It was really wonderful to be directed by someone who cares that deeply—as deeply as you do—not just about the product, about the film, about the piece, but about you and how you approach the piece, about what your thoughts are.

And, of course, the moments that we got to spend together. Paul and I have known each other for years. At this point, he did the costume design for Harriet, one of my first movies. Every time I would come for a fitting, it was always amazing, because we'd always come away with something new. I love that process of coming in and learning about what can be made, what can be done, and how we can change and adjust or create things.

Dave Kotinsky / Getty Images for Target

If you could defy gravity, what would you do?

I feel like I've been doing that a lot in my life. A lot of the things I've been able to do haven't necessarily been the most possible things, but I think that I've been afforded the luck and the privilege of being able to do a lot of things that I only dreamed of. So that, for me, feels like defying gravity.