Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt dote on gorgeous son Gunner Stone The welcomed son Gunner Stone just nine months ago.

And Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt looked like they couldn't be any happier as they doted on their little boy earlier this month in a series of sweet family snaps taken in Aspen, Colorado.

The Hills stars sipped champagne and lavished Gunner with kisses during the photo shoot.

One happy family: Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt looked like they couldn't be any happier as they doted on their little boy earlier this month in a series of sweet family snaps taken in Aspen, Colorado

Heidi, 31, showed off her enviable physique in tight off-white jeans and a pink T-shirt.

The blonde beauty opted to go barefoot for the shoot, which took place in the gorgeous gardens of The Little Nell ski resort.

At one point she and her reality TV star husband shared a kiss over glasses of champagne.

Blonde beauty: Heidi, 31, showed off her enviable physique in tight off-white jeans and a pink T-shirt

Oh baby! Spencer, 34, meanwhile was decked out in distressed jeans and a baby blue T-shirt

Spencer, 34, meanwhile was decked out in distressed jeans and a baby blue T-shirt.

Their little boy wore a collared shirt adorned with bicycles and adorable shots bearing tiny anchors.

Speidi, as they're affectionately known by fans, were thrilled to welcome little Gunner into their lives when he was born on October 1 2017.

Sweet: Their little boy wore a collared shirt adorned with bicycles and adorable shots bearing tiny anchors

Pratt opened up with People about how fatherhood completely changed his outlook on life back in April, saying: 'My favorite part of fatherhood is seeing a baby so innocent.

'Until you watch a human being born and watch a little baby growing and learning how to smile and waiting for a baby to giggle … it's definitely made me enjoy humans more,' he even admitted.

He continued: 'We were all little babies. Even the people I can’t stand, they were once sweet little babies. What happened to them?'

Spencer and Heidi began their romance in 2007 after being introduced on The Hills and eloped in Mexico on November 20 2008.