Laura Prepon Welcomes First Child With Fiance Ben Foster Orange Is the New Black star Laura Prepon has welcomed her first child — a girl — with fiancé Ben Foster, a source tells Us Weekly.

Us Weekly reported that Prepon, 36, was pregnant in January after the That ’70s Show alum showed off her baby bump at the Sundance Film Festival in Park City, Utah.

Following their daughter’s arrival, the couple enjoyed a dinner date at Out East in NYC’s East Village neighborhood on Tuesday, August 22, where an eyewitness tells Us they enjoyed cocktails and wine.

Prepon revealed the baby’s gender while appearing as a guest on LIVE With Kelly and Ryan in June.

Related: Just Like Us: Celebrity Moms From grocery shopping to bonding with their kids, see how star mamas spend their day

“It’s kind of weird, ‘cause it sneaks up on you where you’re like, ‘I can’t believe it’s been eight months already. But then you’re like, ‘Oh my God, she needs to like come out already,” The Girl on the Train actress told Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest.

Prepon went onto to share her pregnancy cravings: “[My dad] was a doctor and when he would have a break we would go to this Jewish deli. We would get this pastrami on rye sandwich with a Dr. Brown’s black cherry soda. When I was a kid that’s what we would get with my dad. With like mustard and sauerkraut. What’s so funny is I have not eaten that stuff probably since I was a kid with my dad. So when I got pregnant, all of a sudden I was like, ‘I need a pastrami on rye. I need a Dr. Brown’s black cherry soda. I need mustard and sauerkraut.’ These crazy Jewish deli cravings hit me so hard. Isn’t that funny?”

Related: Celeb Moms and Their Pregnancy Cravings Mila Kunis, Jessica Simpson, Kourtney Kardashian and other famous moms reveal their craziest pregnancy cravings — from chicken noodle soup to Cap’N Crunch, find out what celebrities can’t get enough of when they’re expecting

Prepon opened up about her pregnancy to Us Weekly in an exclusive interview on July 17, calling the experience “amazing.”

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2017 Babies on board! Click through to see all the adorable bundle of joys who were born in 2017

“I’m creating life and it’s so incredible. I’m so ecstatic for this experience, but you go through so many changes. We’ve been in the Pacific North West keeping it low-key. I’m a very private person,” the Karla actress gushed.

Prepon and Foster, 36, who began dating in July 2016 have been friends since they were teenagers. The couple announced their engagement last October.