Eva Mendes explains why she lets her children wear "whatever they want" The Mendes and Gosling household sounds like a lot of fun, as Eva reveals that she lets her two children wear "whatever they want", whenever they want - so long as they eat their greens.

The 44-year-old actress - who has two girls Esmeralda, four, and Amada, two, with actor Ryan Gosling - says she's still learning when it comes to parenting, but knows she has to to pick her battles with her two girls wisely.

"Thank God there's no fashion talk. But I let them wear whatever they want," the star told E! while celebrating The Eva Mendes Collection for New York & Company.



Getty Images

"They have the right… they want to wear jammies all day or if they want to go in a costume to the market, I let them do that stuff."



She continued: "I let them win that battle. That's the easy one. I'm trying to get them to eat broccoli. That's the one I want to win. They can wear whatever they want."

The actress said that motherhood has changed the way she dresses.

What to Read Next

"I feel like in a way it makes me care less because it prioritises everything obviously but at the same time it makes me care more," she said.

"Even though I have less time to think about what I'm wearing for my day or how to put something together, I think of it more in a sense of even if I'm not with my kids, I'm always representing them. It's always on my mind."

She added: "I'm somebody's mother and I need to act accordingly. There's an intense amount of pressure that I feel but it's good pressure."

Mendes and Gosling prefer keep their relationship and family life private, although the Lost River star recently revealed that their girls are already bilingual English and Spanish speakers.

"Esmeralda mostly speaks Spanglish right now," Mendes told People.

"It's really cute. She's definitely bilingual, and it's really important for us to make sure that she's not only just familiar with the language, but also with the culture."

