Tom Schwartz and Katie Maloney-Schwartz Address Divorce Rumors Nearly a year after Tom Schwartz and Katie Maloney-Schwartz tied the knot, rumors have been circulating that there may be trouble in paradise for the couple. And now the Vanderpump Rules husband and wife are setting the record straight on the speculation.

How to Watch Vanderpump Rules Season 12 is streaming now on Peacock. Stream on

Tom and Katie shut down the rumors during a recent interview with E! News. "We are madly in love," Katie said. "I feel like marriage really suits us. We've been through so much, especially since last summer."

Katie added that although the first year of marriage is often considered the most difficult, it has been "89 percent blissful" for the couple. "We like to think that we [exorcised] all the bad stuff. We got about 15 years worth of fighting out in about three years, so we're good now," Tom added. "It's been smooth sailing."

Related

Still, the divorce rumors even made their way to Tom and Katie's moms, who called them to make sure everything was fine between the two lovebirds, according to E! News. The couple went on to say that they think the gossip started because they don't often post photos of themselves together on social media. "We don't heavily document our lives too much," Katie said, with Tom adding, "I just like putting weird and random stuff on my social media. I didn't even notice that. It wasn't an indication of some sort of subconscious reflection of the status of our relationship."



Tom and Katie officially tied the knot in a rustic-chic wedding in front of family, friends, and the whole Vanderpump Rules crew at Twenty Mile House in Northern California on August 17, 2016. Vanderpump Rules fans witnessed the lovely nuptials last season.



Tom and Katie previously addressed those who doubt the longevity of their relationship on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen last December. "I expected people to say that," Katie said. "I've been seeing all kinds of nonsense. We know when we wake up every day with each other, we're gonna be on our rocking chairs being like, 'Remember when all those people didn't believe in us?' We really are in it for the long haul."

Relive the magic of Tom and Katie's wedding, below.