Kourtney Kardashian channels Kim's style for tennis session She has had a fractious relationship with her sisters in recent times, falling out after being called the 'least interesting to look at'.

And Kourtney Kardashian seemed to be taking notes from Kim's signature style as she stepped out wearing a skintight black bodysuit for a tennis session in Los Angeles on Monday.

Joined by her girl pals, the television personality, 39, cut a sporty figure in the Adidas number which showcased her enviably toned-physique as she filmed scenes for the family's hit reality show.

Inspired: Kourtney Kardashian seemed to be taking notes from Kim's signature style as she stepped out wearing a skintight black bodysuit for a tennis session in Los Angeles on Monday

Kourtney flashed a hint of cleavage and lithe limbs in the skintight bodysuit, which featured the fashion brand's logo along the sides.

Opting for a pair of white trainers, the eldest Kardashian looked the part as she carried her tennis racket to the court and donned a pair of black Matrix-style sunglasses.

The American beauty kept her jet black hair off her face by tying it up in a neat ponytail and finished off her trend-setting ensemble with a bronzed make-up look and clear lip-gloss.

Incredible figure: Joined by her girl pals, the television personality, 39, cut a sporty figure in her Adidas co-ord which showcased her enviably toned-physique

Raring to go: Opting for a pair of white trainers, the eldest Kardashian looked the part as she carried her tennis racket to the court

Travelling in style: Kourtney flashed a hint of cleavage as she got out of her swanky black Ferrari

Sporty: Kourtney looked effortlessly stylish as she donned a pair of black Matrix-style sunglasses as she chatted to pal Larsa Pippen

Glowing: She kept her jet black hair off her face by tying it in a neat ponytail and finished off her trend-setting ensemble with a bronzed make-up look and clear lip-gloss

Fashion statement: Larsa greeted Amanda Elise Lee, who looked equally as glamorous, ahead of their match

Zoom-zoom! The pair made a very fashionable arrival in the glossy black Ferrari

Taking a break: The fashion maven made sure she kept hydrated ahead of filming scenes for the reality show

Subtle touches: Kourtney accessorised her sporty look with a sparkling gold diamond cross necklace and gold earrings

Ahead of their tennis session, the mother-of-three posed in a trolley of tennis balls with her friends Amanda Elise Lee, Sarah Howard and Larsa Pippen. She captioned the snap: 'Tennis, anyone?'

Her girly catch-up comes after a teaser clip for Keeping Up With The Kardashians clip was released last Thursday, with her throwing Kris Jenner's affair back in her face during a heated argument.

In scenes set to air this week, Khloe tries to mediate between her older sibling and the 62-year-old momager in the minute-long sneak peak from the next episode.

She said: 'For some reason, you do not give mom the benefit of the doubt, ever, from your childhood and it's really unfair. You only remember with Todd, or this or that.'

Tense@ Her girly catch-up comes after a teaser clip for Keeping Up With The Kardashians clip was released last Thursday, with her throwing Kris Jenner 's affair back in her face

Ready, set, match! The girls filmed upcoming scenes for the hit reality E! show

Leading the pack: Larsa, who flaunted her leggy frame in a flirty black skort and tight vest top led the ladies to the courts

Toned: Instagram star Amanda Elise Lee flaunted her gym-honed physique in black cycling shorts and a matching crop top

In the scenes, Kourtney quickly fires back: 'I don't sit there and dwell about Todd.'

Todd Waterman, who made a brief appearance on KUWTK back in 2012 during a tennis lesson, was Kris' lover back in 1989 more than ten years into her marriage to their famous lawyer father Robert Kardashian.

Later in the confessional the mother-of-three sheds more light on her perspective as she says: 'I don't even think it's about talking to my mom about it.

'I think it's like we all have different experiences with my mom and I think it's not something really that my mom can fix.'

The clip ends with Khloe trying to ease the tension by saying: 'Sometimes our memories get a little warped by our age, but don't be so hard on your mom.'