Scarlett Johansson makes first appearance with Colin Jost She's kept quiet so far about her rumoured romance with Colin Jost.

But Scarlett Johansson took her new man to the SNL after Party at Tao in New York City on Saturday, making their blossoming relationship public for the first time.

The 32-year-old actress kept a low profile as she left the nightclub with Colin, 35, and hopped into a waiting car.

Scroll down for video

Going public: Scarlett Johansson took her new man Colin Jost to the SNL after Party at Tao in New York City on Saturday, making their blossoming relationship public for the first time

Scarlett looked glamorous in a white crop top and high waisted trousers, showing off her extensive back tattoos.

She pulled her look together with a stylish pair of heels and a slick of pink lipgloss.

The pair flew under the radar at the event, which was also attended by the likes of Beyonce and Ryan Gosling.

Keeping a low profile: The 32-year-old actress kept a low profile as she left the nightclub with Colin, 35, and hopped into a waiting car

Inked up: Scarlett looked glamorous in a white crop top and high waisted trousers, showing off her extensive back tattoos

Colin set tongues wagging when he attended the 69th Emmy Awards last month without a date - but shared a few kind words about his new leading lady.

The comedian has been rumored to be dating newly-divorced actress Scarlett after her appearance this year on Saturday Night Live, according to PEOPLE.

'She’s wonderful,' Jost said to an Entertainment Weekly reporter at the Emmy Awards on Sunday night. 'She’s working, so otherwise, she’d be here.

A-list event: The pair flew under the radar at the event, which was also attended by the likes of Beyonce and Ryan Gosling

Colin and Scarlett have been spotted out and about New York City several times during the last few months.

'She’s pretty cool … it’s hard to have a lot of complaints, she’s pretty awesome,' the Saturday Night Live writer said.

'The first time she hosted was the first year I was a writer on the show,' Colin continued. 'So, we’ve kind of known each other since then … she’s the best.'

Funny guy: Colin shared a few words about his new leading lady at the Emmys last month

New love interest? The pair are rumoured to have been dating since her appearance this year on Saturday Night Live; Scarlett seen here at the 2017 Vanity Fair Oscar Party in Beverly Hills

The new couple were recently spotted kissing in the rain over Labor Day weekend.

'I’m very happy,' the Weekend Update anchor said. 'I feel very lucky.'

The Avengers starlet finalized her divorce from Romain Dauriac last week, just over a year after they separated following two years of marriage.

Court documents submitted last month in Manhattan claim the duo also came to an agreement regarding the custody of their three-year-old daughter Rose Dorothy.

Scarlett was also married to Ryan Reynolds from 2008-2011.