Kaia Gerber walks for Anna Sui and Proenza Schouler at NYFW She has been one of New York Fashion Week's most in demand models, having stormed the runway for a string of leading designers.

And Kaia Gerber showed no sign of slowing down as she walked in Anna Sui's Spring Summer 2019 showcase on Monday evening, just hours after commanding attention on Proenza Schouler's runway.

The 17-year-old star, who has been one of NYFW's most sought-after models, flaunted her versatility as she sampled an array of eccentric looks, with top model sisters Gigi and Bella Hadid also strutting their stuff in the showcase.

In demand: New York Fashion Week fixture Kaia Gerber showed no sign of slowing down as she walked in Anna Sui's Spring Summer 2019 showcase on Monday evening, just hours after commanding attention on Proenza Schouler's runway

The first look saw Kaia sport a kooky floral jumpsuit that boasted a stylish double collar and belt feature to draw attention to her svelte waist.

The vibrant look was paired with beaded orange costume jewellery, which complemented the design's tangerine lining, and the controversial combination of socks and sandals.

Her hairstyle was equally outlandish, with Kaia's trademark brunette tresses being tied into a messy top knot that sat on the hairline.

The 17-year-old star, who has been one of NYFW's most sought-after models, flaunted her versatility as she sampled an array of eccentric looks

Kaia's first look on the Anna Sui runway saw the beauty sport a kooky floral jumpsuit that boasted a stylish double collar and belt feature to draw attention to her svelte waist

Her second look was even more quirky, with Anna sending the beauty down the runway in a clashing style that consisted of a floral maxi dress and a romantic silk jacket.

Kaia's loud dress flashed a glimpse of her torso with a key-hole cut-out across the tummy while fringed detailing at the hem made for even more of a show-stopping look.

Her pink jacket was equally garish, boasting lace bell sleeves, elaborate embellishments and a colourful bird motif.

Intricate: The vibrant look was paired with orange costume jewellery, which complemented the design's tangerine lining, and the controversial combination of socks and sandals

Hair she is: Her hairstyle was equally outlandish, with Kaia's trademark brunette tresses being tied into a messy top knot that sat on the hairline

Floral fancy: Her second look was even more quirky, with Anna sending the beauty down the runway in a clashing style that consisted of a floral maxi dress and a romantic silk jacket

Eccentric: Kaia's loud dress flashed a glimpse of her torso with a key-hole cut-out across the tummy while fringed detailing at the hem made for even more of a show-stopping look

The wackier the better! Her pink jacket was equally garish, boasting lace bell sleeves, elaborate embellishments and a colourful bird motif

Socks and sandals once again prevailed, with Kaia this time sporting pink, platform sandals with a chunky wooden heel and floral ankle socks.

While Anna's show was full of feminine and flirty styles, it was a different story when Kaia stormed the runway for Proenza Schouler earlier that afternoon, where strong, androgynous styles were the order of the day.

Proving there's no look she can't perfect, Kaia donned an over-sized shirt that was emblazoned with a tie-dye motif in citrus shades, the design being layered above an even larger pale yellow shirt dress that conceded at the knee.

The striking look was finished with thigh-high black boots and a gigantic handbag that Kaia later joked was big enough to 'carry all of my friends'.

According to Pop Sugar, Kaia has quickly become one of the most talked about new models since she made her runway debut at the Spring 2018 Fashion Week.

In good company: Kaia shared the runway with top model sisters Gigi and Bella Hadid, who rocked equally outlandish pieces

Dare to be different: Over-sized, androgynous pieces were the order of the day on the Proenza Schouler runway

Vibrant: Proving there's no look she can't perfect, Kaia donned an over-sized shirt that was emblazoned with a tie-dye motif in citrus shades