'Stranger Things' star David Harbour officiated a fan's wedding, as promised Adam Rosenberg is a Senior Games Reporter for Mashable, where he plays all the games. Every single one. From AAA blockbusters to indie darlings to mobile favorites and browser-based oddities, he consumes as much as he can, whenever he can.Adam brings more than a decade of experience working in the space to the Mashable Games team. He previously headed up all games coverage at Digital Trends, and prior to that was a long-time, full-time freelancer, writing for a diverse lineup of outlets that includes Rolling Stone, MTV, G4, Joystiq, IGN, Official Xbox Magazine, EGM, 1UP, UGO and others.Born and raised in the beautiful suburbs of New York, Adam has spent his life in and around the city. He's a New York University graduate with a double major in Journalism and Cinema Studios. He's also a certified audio engineer. Currently, Adam resides in Crown Heights with his dog and his partner's two cats. He's a lover of fine food, adorable animals, video games, all things geeky and shiny gadgets.

The 'Stranger Things' star made a promise back in January to officiate a fan's wedding, and now he's apparently followed through.

David Harbour is back on his "man of the fanpeople" bullshit, which is great news for anyone who likes Jim Hopper and uplifting stories.

The Stranger Things star took to Twitter on Saturday with a message for his followers and a heartwarming photo. It featured Harbour, dressed in his Hopper duds from the Netflix series, standing with a joyous wedding party.

"Hey internet. I know it’s been awhile. I retreated. Needed some space. You probably get it. But I’ve been thinking about ya in the interim. And all your retweets. And so me and some fun folks in Springfield, Illinois made good on our promise we made all those months ago," the tweet read.

(Important author's note: Harbour puts two spaces after every period because he is clearly the Demogorgon in human form.)

Mashable Top Stories Stay connected with the hottest stories of the day and the latest entertainment news. Sign up for Mashable's Top Stories newsletter Loading... Sign Me Up Use this instead By clicking Sign Me Up, you confirm you are 16+ and agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Thanks for signing up!

For those who might need a refresher: Harbour, who seems like a genuinely good dude, isn't just one of the happier success stories to come out of Netflix's hit series. He's also there for his fans. So much so that he posed for high school yearbook photos with one and agreed to officiate the wedding of another.

The latter pledge appears to be the source of this photo. Harbour made his wedding promise back in January, for nuptials that were scheduled to happen in September.

Well, it's September now.

While Harbour's new tweet doesn't identify the bride (or anyone in the photo) by name, one of the responses he got is from a woman claiming to be "Ericka's" sister. Sure, that could just be an internet troll hoping to draw a celebrity's attention. But it's much more likely that she's on the level, and this photo is the result of Harbour following through on his January promise.

We still have a great many months to go before Stranger Things Season 3 surfaces, so just add moments like this from Harbour's real life to your Jim Hopper headcanon.