Friends fans are just realizing Jennifer Aniston dated three of her co-stars From 1994 to 2004, fans tuned in to Friends to keep up with the daily dealings and romantic relationships of six close friends trying to make it in New York.

Rachel Green’s (Jennifer Aniston) character’s disastrous dating life was particularly popular with viewers. While they could likely name several of Rachel’s former beaus, many are just now learning that Jennifer dated three of her Friends co-stars in real life.

She wasn’t romantic with David Schwimmer, who played her boyfriend Ross Gellar on the show. She also avoided getting involved with Matthew Perry, who played Chandler Bing, and Matt LeBlanc, who played Joey Tribbiani on the NBC sitcom.

Friends fans are just now learning that Jennifer Aniston dated three of her co-stars off-camera

Jennifer was, however, involved with Brad Pitt, Paul Rudd and Tate Donovan — all of whom appeared on at least one episode of Friends.

Jennifer and Brad were married from 2000 to 2005. He played Will Colbert in a single episode of Friends called The One With the Rumor.

Paul dated the Friends actress when he worked on a film called The Object of My Affection with her. He then appeared on Friends as Phoebe’s beau, Mike, through most of the final season.

Jennifer and Tate were engaged briefly, which comes as a shock to most dedicated Friends fans. He played Rachel's love interest Joshua on the show.

At the time, he and Jennifer had recently broken up, according to Huff Post Live.

‘We were broken up and the producers were like, “Hey would you wanna do six episodes of the show?” And I was like “Maybe it would be good to work through this breakup.”

‘It was horrible. It was so tough, man. I remember just getting back to my dressing room and just weeping.’

Can’t get enough of Jennifer Aniston’s romantic pursuits? Here’s all you need to know about all that and more.

Are Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston married?

Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt were married from 2000 to 2005. They both moved on after the divorce.

Brad married Angelina Jolie and Jennifer married Justin Theroux.

Recently, rumors have been swirling that Jennifer and Brad are getting back together — perhaps even remarried. It appears, however, that there’s no truth to those rumors.

In fact, Jennifer laughed them off in an interview with InStyle.

Jennifer Aniston husband

Jennifer Aniston is separated from husband Justin Theroux. The pair announced their separation in 2018, revealing that they made the decision a few months prior.

The reason for their split remains a mystery to the public.

Does Jennifer Aniston have kids?

Jennifer Aniston does not have children. She recently spoke openly with InStyle about the rumors and added pressure she’s felt because she’s not a mother.

She said: ‘No one knows what’s going on behind closed doors.

‘No one considers how sensitive that might be for my partner and me. They don’t know what I’ve been through medically or emotionally. There is a pressure on women to be mothers, and if they are not, then they’re deemed damaged goods.’

Jennifer continued: ‘Maybe my purpose on this planet isn’t to procreate. Maybe I have other things I’m supposed to do?’