Princess Eugenie to marry long-term boyfriend Jack Brooksbank Princess Eugenie and long-term boyfriend Jack Brooksbank are engaged to be married, the Royal Family has announced.

The couple became engaged in Nicaragua earlier this month and will tie the knot in the autumn at St George's Chapel in Windsor - the church hosting Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding in May.

Eugenie, 27, was pictured with her ring at Buckingham Palace in official photographs marking their forthcoming big day.

Image: The ring is an oval padparadscha sapphire surrounded by diamonds, set on a gold band

The oval padparadscha sapphire surrounded by diamonds is set on a gold band and is similar in shape and design to her mother the Duchess of York's engagement ring.

Eugenie began dating Mr Brooksbank, 29, around seven years ago after they met while skiing in the Swiss resort of Verbier.

Image: The pair at the Qatar Goodwood Festival in 2015

The Stowe-educated socialite was the manager of Mayfair nightclub Mahiki and is now the UK brand ambassador of Casamigos Tequila, which was co-founded by actor George Clooney.

Buckingham Palace said Eugenie's parents, the Duke of York and his former wife Sarah Duchess of York, were delighted to announce the engagement.

I always say that the river flows well to it’s destiny because of the guidance of a solid rock #engagement #eugieandjack @TheDukeOfYork @TheDukeOfYork pic.twitter.com/hvCnnOwZpo — Sarah Ferguson (@SarahTheDuchess) 22 January 2018

Sarah Ferguson tweeted a series of pictures showing Princess Eugenie with Mr Brooksbank, saying: "I always say that the river flows well to it's destiny because of the guidance of a solid rock."

She posted one photo of the couple with the caption "total joy", and another which said "they float with laughter and love".

The Duke of York said: "I'm just completely overjoyed for them and wish them every happiness."

Nicola and George Brooksbank, the parents of Eugenie's fiance Jack Brooksbank, say they are "over the moon".

The couple said in a brief statement: "We could not be more delighted with the news of the engagement.

"We are completely over the moon and are very excited for them both."

She graduated from Newcastle University after studying English and history of art, and is now a director at the contemporary art gallery Hauser & Wirth in London.

She is also the patron of various charities including the Elephant Family, the Teenage Cancer Trust and the Coronet Theatre and The European School of Osteopathy.

Eugenie underwent back surgery aged 12 to correct a scoliosis condition, and is now patron of the Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital.

Image: The couple pictured at the Chelsea Flower Show press day in 2016

Her husband-to-be met the Queen at Balmoral when he and Eugenie attended Prince Harry's 32nd birthday in September 2016.

The Queen reportedly gave the couple her blessing for their marriage.

A Buckingham Palace spokesman said the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh "are very pleased and wish the couple all the best".

Eugenie is currently eighth in line to the throne, but will be ninth in line after the arrival of William and Kate's third child.

How does the current order of succession stack up?