Haylie Duff Net Worth What Is Haylie Duff's Net Worth?

Haylie Duff is an American actress, TV presenter, film producer, and businesswoman who has a net worth of $5 million. Haylie Duff is the older sister of fellow actress Hilary Duff.

Haylie's dance work led to guest starring roles on multiple shows and television films, including "Hope," "The Amanda Show," "Chicago Hope," "Lizzie McGuire," "Boston Public," "Third Watch," "American Dreams," "That's So Raven," "One on One," and "Joan of Arcadia."

She co-starred on the hit series, "7th Heaven" for two seasons and has since appeared in such projects as "Backwoods," "Love Takes Wing," "Love Finds a Home," "My Nanny's Secret," "Fear Island," "Home Invasion," and "A Holiday Engagement." Duff has also appeared in the films "Napoleon Dynamite," "Dishdogz," "My Sexiest Year," and "Tug," and she provided the voice of Summer Wheatly on the short-lived animated series version of "Napoleon Dynamite."

Early Life

Haylie Duff was born Haylie Katherine Duff on February 19, 1985, in Houston, Texas. She began studying ballet when she was a child and started performing with the Houston Metropolitan Dance Company when she was ten. She is the older sister of actress Hilary Duff. The Duff gals' mother, Susan Colleen, is a film producer who has produced titles like "The Perfect Man" and "Material Girls." She also co-executive produced "A Cinderella Story." Susan was previously a homemaker before she became a producer and the manager of daughter Hilary. Duff's father, Robert Erhard Duff, is a partner and owner of a chain of convenience stores.

Acting Career

Duff began her acting career with a series of guest appearances in made-for-TV movies like "True Women." She also guest-starred on TV shows that were popular at the time, such as "The Amanda Show," "Chicago Hope," "Boston Public," and "Third Watch." Haylie became known in late 2002 when she began appearing in the show her sister starred in, "Lizza McGuire." Duff played Amy Sanders. Two years later, she made a guest appearance on "That's So Raven," appearing as Katina Jones. Duff nabbed her first feature film role when she was cast as Summer Wheatley in "Napoleon Dynamite," a role for which she received her first Teen Choice Award.

In 2005, she was cast in the popular WB TV show "7th Heaven" as Sandy Jameson. Haylie joined the Broadway cast of "Hairspray" as Amber Von Tussle in June 2006 but left the role in October 2006. She starred in 2006's "Material Girls" with her sister, Hilary, and she is also listed as a co-producer on the film. Other straight-to-DVD films Duff worked on include "Love Finds a Home," "My Nanny's Secret," "My Sexiest Year," and "Backwoods." Duff appeared in "Tug," "Fear Island," "Foodfight," and "Slightly Single in L.A." between 2008 and 2015. She also hosted the reality TV show "Legally Blonde: The Musical — The Search for Elle Woods."

Other Ventures

Duff is also an accomplished singer and has recorded several singles for soundtracks for "In Search of Santa," "The Lizzie McGuire Movie," "Material Girls," and "A Cinderella Story" with her sister. Many of them appear on the "Disneymania" discs. In 2008, she recorded background vocals for the track "On the Rise Again" from Kool G Rap's album "Half a Klip." Haylie sang "A Whatever Life" for the soundtrack of "Stuck in the Suburbs." She also recorded "Sweetest Pain" for the "Raising Helen" soundtrack.

Duff sang a duet called "Babysitting is a Bum Deal" with Seth MacFarlane as his "Family Guy" character Stewie on the album "Family Guy: Live in Las Vegas." She also is credited as a writer and co-writer on several songs for Hilary's first two studio albums. On Hilary's song "Sparks" from her album "Breathe in. Breathe Out.," Haylie contributed a whistling part.

She began a blog in 2012 that she called "Real Girl's Kitchen." It was later picked up and made into a TV show by the Cooking Channel in 2014. Duff released her first book "The Real Girl's Kitchen" in 2013. She started her own children's fashion line called Little Moon Society in 2017.

Personal Life and Real Estate

Haylie has been linked to Matt Rosenberg since 2012. The two announced their engagement in 2014. They have two children together, Ryan Ava and Lulu Gray.

In February 2015, Haylie paid $1.3 million for a home in Studio City, California. She sold this home in December 2016 for $1.855 million. In October 2016, she paid $2.7 million for a home in Studio City, California. The seller was Ashley Tisdale. Haylie listed this home for $3.195 million in March 2021, ultimately selling it for right around her asking price.

In November 2020, Duff paid $1.95 million for a home in Austin, Texas. She listed this home for sale in January 2024 for $3.25 million.