Emily Ratajkowski $200 Zara Wedding Suit: Details Here comes the bride! Emily Ratajkowski surprised us on Friday, February 23, when she shared on social media that she had just married her new boyfriend, Sebastian Bear-McClard. The 26-year-old model and her producer beau tied the knot at a courthouse in New York City, where she forewent a traditional wedding dress in favor of a cute ‘70s-inspired pantsuit from Zara that rings in at just $200.

Related: Emily Ratajkowski Marries New Boyfriend Sebastian Bear-McClard in Surprise Courthouse Wedding Surprise! Emily Ratajkowski married her new boyfriend, Sebastian Bear-McClard, on Friday, February 23. The model, 26, and the producer tied the knot at a courthouse in New York City. She announced the news on her Instagram Story with a trio of photos from the intimate ceremony, writing, “Soooo I have a surprise. I got married […]

We have a feeling the cute two-piece ensemble won’t be around for long, but Ratajkowski looked fab in the mustard yellow double-breasted jacket, which retails for $129, that she cinched at the waist with a coordinating belt. She paired the top with matching flared trousers that sell for $69 and cute black strappy sandals. But our favorite part of the look was undoubtedly the super chic wide-brimmed black hat with netting that served as a modern take on a veil. The groom, meanwhile, looked hip in a light blue suit jacket, black shirt and scruffy beard.

Related: Emily Ratajkowski’s Year in Swimsuits Emily Ratajkowski continuously posts photos of herself slaying in different swimsuits on Instagram. Here’s a look at her 2017 Instagram bikini style.

Ratajkowski has always kept us guessing with her super sexy style, so we love that she chose to mix things up with a fun menswear-inspired look for the big day. As Us reported, she announced the nuptials on her Instagram Story with a trio of photos from the intimate ceremony, writing, “Soooo I have a surprise. I got married today.”

💍ny💍 A post shared by Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) on Feb 23, 2018 at 1:32pm PST

Related: Emily Ratajkowski’s Latest Gig? She’s the Latest Kerastase Paris Ambassador and Hair Muse Courtesy Kérastase As if there weren’t a million and one reasons to be jealous of Emily Ratajkowski, there’s now a new one: the supermodel has been named Kerastase Paris’ latest ambassador and hair muse. Courtesy Kérastase The brand announced Emrata’s latest role, marking a huge career milestone for the model-actress-activist, who also recently launched her […]

Social media star Josh “The Fat Jew” Ostrovsky was among the small group of friends who joined the happy couple at city hall for the ceremony. She later posted an Instagram of her and McClard embracing in their wedding attire with the simple caption “NY” and two engagement rings.