Erika Jayne talks new book Pretty Mess Erika Girardi has written a new book, Pretty Mess, which will come out in January 2018.

And on Tuesday the Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star talked to People about what will be in the pages of her tell-all.

'Without Erika Jayne, Erika Girardi would just be another rich bitch with a plane,' the 46-year-old siren said. 'I hope my intimate story can inspire readers to become their own strong, confident and vibrant pretty messes.'

Tell-all time: Erika Girardi has written a new book, Pretty Mess, which will come out in January 2018; seen in 2016 in Las Vegas

Real dirt: She will talk about her time on The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills; here she is seen with (l-r) Lisa Rinna, Eileen Davidson, Kyle Richardson, Lisa Vanderpump and Dorit Kemsley

She will also address her marriage to legal eagle Tom Girardi, who is 32 years older than she. They wed in 1999 after he met her when she was working as a cocktail waitress.

'Tom is an incredibly special human being,' she said.

'He’s not only a great husband — he’s also a great father, a great friend, a great mentor, and a hell of a f***ing lawyer. He’s so good.'

Girl power: With Eileen on a RHOBH reunion special

He is the founding partner of Girardi & Keese in Los Angeles.

The former Dancing With The Stars contestant said she will also cover her start in show business as a dancer and singer.

She was raised in Atlanta but at age 18 moved to New York City to work as a performer.

Her man: She will also address her marriage to legal eagle Tom Girardi, who is 32 years older than she; seen on RHOBH

Loved up: They wed in 1999 after he met her when she was working as a cocktail waitress. 'Tom is an incredibly special human being,' she has said; seen in January in West Hollywood

During this time she got married to her first husband Thomas Zizzo and gave birth to a son Thomas Jr, who was raised in NYC by his father.

A few years later she moved to Los Angeles to work on her career.

Her first big hit was the single Roller Coaster in 2007. In 2009 she came out with her debut studio album Pretty Mess. The singles from the album were Stars, Give You Everything and Pretty Mess.

She was famous before RHOBH: Her first big hit was the single Roller Coaster in 2007. In 2009 she came out with her debut studio album Pretty Mess. The singles from the album were Stars, Give You Everything and Pretty Mess; seen in June

Not embarrassed: The siren has said she is proud of her work as a performer

Work it girl: Here she is onstage during the 28th Annual GLAAD Media Awards in LA After Party at The Beverly Hilton Hotel in April

The Marilyn Monroe fan has nine number-one songs on the Dance Club Songs chart.

In 2011 she came out with Party People (Ignite the World) then the next year she recorded All Things Aside.

Her music has also been featured in films, such as The Neighbor, Deal and reality television show Toddlers and Tiaras.

Dancing queen: The stunner was seen with Gleb Savchenko on DWTS this year

In 2013, she released a single featuring American rapper Flo Rida, Get it Tonight.

She also has come out with PAINKILLR, the single Crazy, How Many F***s and XXpen$ive.

In 2015, she joined the cast of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills and in 2016 she appeared in Sharknado: The 4th Awakens.

'This book proves why Erika Jayne is a fan favorite: she’s fun and she’s fearless; and for the first time, she’s here to tell all,' said publisher Jennifer Bergstrom.

Pretty Mess will be published by Gallery Books in January 2018.