Chris Soules car crash victim's funeral is one week later The victim of the fatal car crash involving Bachelor star Chris Soules was laid to rest on Monday, one week after he died from the collision in Aurora, Iowa.

Kenneth Mosher, 66, was rushed to the hospital and died after Soules' pickup truck rear-ended Mosher's tractor on April 24. Mosher, a farmer and Vietnam War veteran was acquainted with Soules, 35.

Mosher's funeral was held at 10.30am on May 1, at the Geilenfeld Funeral Home in Oelwein, Iowa, followed by interment at the Madison Township Cemetery.

There was no sign of Soules at his house Monday, but photographs show a trailer parked outside the reality TV star's home.

SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO

Kenneth Mosher, left, died last week after a car crash involving former Bachelor star Chris Soules, right. A funeral was held one week after Mosher's death

Loved ones remembered Mosher, 66, at a three-hour wake on Sunday and at his funeral on Monday morning. Pallbearers are pictured Monday leaving the Geilenfeld Funeral Home before the interment at Madison Township Cemetery

Though Soules and his family was acquainted with Mosher, they did not attend the funeral or wake. Soules was not seen on Monday, but a trailer was seen outside his home, pictured Monday

Soules and his family were not seen at the funeral or a three-hour wake on Sunday. More than 100 loved ones attended the wake and were infuriated that Soules allegedly left the scene, according to RadarOnline.

One mourner, a co-worker of Mosher, told the website: 'He should have stayed at the scene – that's just the moral thing to do for anyone that has an accident.

'It's all gonna come out in court. It's going to be a long trial.'

Mosher is survived by his wife, two sons and three grandchildren. He also left behind his mother, three siblings and several nieces and nephews.

Soules was charged with a felony on Friday as police searched for the vehicle he allegedly used to leave the scene of the crash.

Police issued a search warrant for the red Chevy Duramex truck that witnesses saw pick the Bachelor star up from the scene before officers arrived.

Judges approved additional warrants Friday that allow police to examine blood and urine samples from Soules to check for alcohol and to search his home.

Mosher was a Vietnam War veteran and a farmer and is survived by his wife, two sons and three grandchildren. Other veterans are pictured holding American flags at the interment on Monday

Loved ones are seen leaving Mosher's funeral on Monday morning, which was one week after the fatal accident where he lost his life

The veteran also left behind his mother, three siblings and several nieces and nephews. Pallbearers are pictured taking his coffin to the hearse

The Buchanan County Sheriff’s Office declined to comment on the case.

Soules was charged with leaving the scene of a crime by police, who arrested him at his home in Arlington five hours after the incident.

The 35-year-old could face up to five years in prison, probation and fines if convicted, according to the Buchanan County Sheriff's Office.

His preliminary hearing is set for May 2.

The legal team said in a statement that they were 'confident' that the evidence shows 'Soules acted reasonably and did everything in his power to provide aid' to Mosher, a fellow farmer, before his death, People reported.

The statement from law firm Parrish Kruidenier also said that Soules did not flee the accident after calling 911.

'While initial reports suggested Soules fled the scene, the 911 call confirms that Soules in fact was the one who contacted law enforcement immediately,' the statement said.

'During the call, he clearly identified himself and explained his role in the terrible accident.

'Soules attempted to resuscitate Mr Mosher and remained on the scene with him until emergency medical personnel arrived.

'Soules' attorneys are exploring the possibility of a gag order to prevent further misinformation from prejudicing Soules' right to a fair trial.'

Loved ones remembering the farmer are seen walking to the Geilenfeld Funeral Home where his funeral was held on Monday morning

More than 100 friends and family attended a three-hour wake on Sunday to remember Mosher and were infuriated that Soules left the scene of the accident, according to RadarOnline

A Lake Design & Decor trailer is pictured hitched to a silver pickup truck outside Chris Soules' home on Monday morning, while family and friends of Kenneth Mosher mourn his death

Alfredo Parrish and two colleagues from Parrish's Des Moines firm announced Thursday they would represent the star.

Authorities said Soules's 2008 Chevrolet Silverado rear-ended a tractor driven by Mosher on April 24.

The accident occurred on a road near the small town of Aurora, about six miles away from his home, causing Mosher's death, police said.

They said Soules called 911 at 8.20pm Monday to report the accident and seek help for Mosher before leaving the scene in another vehicle.

Soules identified himself on the nearly six-minute 911 call and sounded frantic.

He told an operator through labored breathing: 'I just ran in to a guy in a tractor.'

After admitting that he did not know how to perform CPR, he asked others there: 'Does anyone know CPR?'

As they waited for police and an ambulance, Soules checked Mosher's pulse. He remarked that it didn't look as though Mosher was breathing.

'I can't tell, he doesn't appear to be,' he said when asked. Later, he said: 'I feel like he's got a pulse.'

Soules ended the call abruptly, telling the operator: 'Can I call you back real quick?'

Mosher's remains were buried at the Madison Township Cemetery after his funeral. Mourners are pictured on their way to the burial site

Chris Soules is currently facing felony charges for fleeing the scene of the car accident last week. The former reality TV star was charged on Friday

It's not clear exactly how much time passed before police arrived. A separate recording of their radio communication however captured the moment he allegedly fled in another person's truck.

'One of the subjects that was involved just took off northbound in a red Duramax truck,' one of the responding police officers is heard saying, 'Do you have any available units?'

Within seconds, another said: 'We believe the subject is going to be Chris Soules. That's the name of the subject who took off.'

Authorities are trying to identify who picked up Soules in the red truck. That person could also face charges, Buchanan County Sheriff Bill Wolfgram told the Associated Press.

Soules was arrested at his Arlington home five hours later.

Police searched his vehicle at the crash scene and found alcohol in it but there has not yet been any suggestion he was drunk at the time of the accident.

Officials are also investigating whether or not Soules was using his cell phone at the time of the crash.

They have taken his device and plan to review his text messages, calls, photos and posts on social media, the accounts of which he has since deleted.

Soules was released from jail on Tuesday after his mother posted his $10,000 bond.

However, as part of his bail conditions he had to surrender his passport and wear an electronic monitor. His preliminary hearing is set for May 2, reports KWWL.

His spokesman issued a statement on his behalf afterwards to say the reality TV star was 'devastated' by the accident.

Soules was arrested five hours after the accident last week but was released the next day after his mother posted his $10,000 bail. A man is pictured by the silver pickup truck outside Soules' house on Monday

Soules was a contestant on season 10 of the Bachelorette in 2014 with Andi Dorfman, pictured right. He was the second to last contestant to be eliminated. After the accidents, Dorfman said: 'It's all very sad. I haven't talked to Chris yet, but knowing him, I know that he is probably devastated'

Police records show he has had at least 12 other run-ins with the law.

Previous charges include driving under the influence, speeding, running a stop sign and driving with an open container of alcohol.

He was charged with fleeing the scene of a previous accident in 2002 but it was reduced to a charge of driving with defective brakes.

Mosher, a father and grandfather, died after being taken to hospital by ambulance. He was a corn farmer.

'Kenny loved playing golf, farming and spending his winters in Florida biking and visiting his mother,' said Mosher's obituary.

'His family was most important to him, especially his grandchildren.'