Billie Lourd posts tribute to Carrie Fisher on Mother's Day Billie Lourd has remembered her late mother Carrie Fisher in honor of Mother's Day on Sunday.

The 25-year-old actress was struck by a double tragedy in 2016 when her Fisher passed away on December 27, followed by her grandmother Debbie Reynolds a day later, and in a touching tribute on Instagram, the star has reached out to anyone having a 'less than perfect' mother's day.

Alongside a picture of herself hugging the Star Wars actress, Billie wrote: 'This one goes out to anyone having a less than perfect Mother's Day today. We are not alone. Sending all my love and strength to anyone who needs it. (sic)'

Love: Billie Lourd has remembered her late mother Carrie Fisher in honor of Mother's Day on Sunday

Billie's touching comments come after she previously spoke on The Ellen DeGeneres Show about how the death of her mother, as well as her grandmother, has been 'impossible to deal with'.

She said: 'Yeah, it's completely surreal. There's no way to really explain it. It's so hard to talk about. I don't know, if I say that I'm doing good, I'm too happy. And if I say that I'm not doing good, then I'm a mess.

So it's really hard to know what to say about it because it is just so surreal and impossible to deal with.'

Tragedy: The 25-year-old actress was struck by tragedy in 2016 when her Fisher passed away on December 27. The pair seen here in 2015

Meanwhile, Carrie's brother Todd previously told ET his niece was staying strong in the wake of the family's terrible losses.

He said: 'Billie is 24-years-old. She's dealing with two gigantic losses. These two girls - my girls, my mother and my sister, were big, big personalities [with a] big influence on Billie, myself, many people. There's a vacuum in the room and she's feeling it and we're all feeling it. It's just that I'm 59 and I have no choice but to step up and put this stuff forward. I'm letting [Billie] breathe, you know? She needs to breathe. She needs to step back from all of this loss.

'When I was standing in the room the day after my sister died and we're in the hospital and my mother was dying, I mean, I was more heartbroken watching my niece than I was for myself. It was heart-wrenching. The idea that somebody would have to deal with that kind of a loss back to back, moment to moment - I mean we'd just had this horrible loss and then here you are just a handful of hours later standing in a different hospital in a different room. It was astounding.'