Pregnant Khloe Kardashian shows off growing baby bump as she works out with sister Kourtney Pregnant Khloe Kardashian shows off growing baby bump as she works out with sister Kourtney

The reality babe is six months along as she prepares to welcome her first child with boyfriend Tristan Thompson

pregnant Khloe takes on hard work out with sister kourtney

Pregnant Khloe Kardashian is still working out hard.

‌



The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star, who recently revealed she's six months gone, took part in a gruelling home workout alongside her sister Kourtney .

‌



The siblings often work out together and post videos of the exercises they're doing on Snapchat so their fans can join in.

‌



And Khloe is making sure she stays fit as she prepared to welcome her first child with boyfriend Tristan Thompson.

The 33-year-old shows off her growing baby bump as she works out in a pair of leggings and a black hoody.

Khloe Kardashian shows off growing bump as she reveals she's six months pregnant READ MORE :

Khloe has been working out with Kourtney (Image: Snapchat) She worked up a sweat (Image: Snapchat)

‌



She showed off her baby bump in a pair of leggings (Image: Snapchat)

Her blonde hair is tied up on top of her head as she concentrates on her steps.

Mum-of-three Kourtney, who was also dressed in black, showed up late to the workout but arrived in style as she was driven there in a red Jeep.

‌



At the end of the workout, Khloe talked to her fans, saying: "Kourtney and I did a lot of other s**t that we didn't snap because it just wasn't cute.

"We did abs and what else? Leg work and floor exercises where it's not the best angle."

Khloe enjoys giving her fans fitness tips (Image: Snapchat) The sisters often share their workouts (Image: Snapchat)

‌



Khloe Kardashian shows off growing bump

Khloe was met with some criticism for working out while she's pregnant, but she hit back on Twitter.

‌



She shared an article about pregnancy workouts and wrote: "For the ones who think they are physicians all of a sudden. But MY doctor and I communicate and my workouts are cleared and highly recommended. Thanks kiddos! Don't make me stop sharing s**t."

It comes after she revealed she was six months pregnant as she attended the star-studded Kardashian Christmas party in a stunning embellished jumpsuit.

It was the first time pregnant Khloe has been seen in public since she announced she was expecting her first baby with boyfriend Tristan Thompson after months of rumours.

‌



In an Instagram post, Khloe said: "Merry Christmas!! May you sparkle and shine this festive season, may all of your wishes and dreams come true.

"I pray that we all may feel this happiness all year round. God bless you! #BabyBump"

Khloe is six months pregnant (Image: khloekardashian/Instagram)

‌



Kim is also expecting a child through surrogate (Image: Snapchat/Khloe Kardashian)

Khloe also revealed how far along she is, telling a fan on social media "I'll be 6 months next week".

Posing with elder sister Kim, who is expecting her third child via surrogate, on Snapchat earlier on Christmas Eve, Khloe was dressed to impress in a festive gold dress as she rang in the holidays with her famous family.

Article continues below

"I know what you all really want to see," Kim teased her followers before moving the camera down to give a flash of her Khloe's tum.

Only too happy to oblige, proud mum-to-be Khloe then gently caressed her tiny bump over her sparkly gown.

There was no sign of Kylie Jenner at the lavish bash - who is also rumoured to be expecting her first baby.