Selena Gomez keeps her head down in New York City Selena Gomez broke some big news this week as she revealed in May she had a kidney transplant due to Lupus.

Soon after her 127m followers showered her with notes wishing her well. Several asked tough questions while others offered their own stories.

The attention may have been too much for the Fetish hit maker as she was seen with her head down when running errands in New York City on Saturday.

Not in the mood for a close up: Selena Gomez kept her head down as she was seen in New York City on Saturday

Staying warm: The Good For You singer looked stylish in a black tank top with a black-and-white plaid wool coat

The Good For You singer looked stylish in a black tank top with a black-and-white plaid wool coat.

The heels were left at home in favor of a pair of black Puma sneakers that went up her ankle.

Gomez's hair appeared still wet as it was pulled back into a ponytail and she had on sunglasses as a bodyguard followed.

Always with someone: The ex of Justin Bieber had a bodyguard in a plaid shirt behind her

In a rush: Gomez's hair appeared still wet as it was pulled back into a ponytail and she had on sunglasses as a bodyguard followed

On the go lady: The Heart Wants What It Wants singer was later seen getting into an SUV

A lot to deal with: The looker, who has been plugging new songs like Fetish and Bad Liar, tied up her coat at one point as the chill got to her

The Texas native also had on shiny leggings, suggesting she was on her way to a Manhattan gym.

There was no sign of her beau The Weeknd.

On Friday night it looked like Gomez, 25, donned a large red hoodie and black sweatpants for the casual outing with her Cavalier King Charles Spaniel as she left the Chelsea apartment she shares with her beau.

Head down: Selena broke some big news this week as she revealed in May she had a kidney transplant due to Lupus

Ready for a workout: The Texas native also had on shiny leggings and was clutching a bottle of water, suggesting she was on her way to a Manhattan gym

Dressed down: The heels were left at home in favor of a pair of black Puma sneakers that went up her ankle

Therapy dog: Gomez clutched her puppy Charlie close as she left the apartment she shares with boyfriend The Weeknd on Friday night in NYC

Selena kept a low profile in flat black slip on shoes after a series of high glamour red carpet appearances for New York Fashion Week.

The Fetish singer is currently filming an untitled Woody Allen film in New York City after recovering from the kidney transplant she received from her BFF Francia Raisa.

Selena needed a kidney transplant due to lupus, an autoimmune disease; her best friend Francia Raisa donated her kidney to her.

What a good man: A source told People magazine that boyfriend, born Abel Tesfaye, was 'one of her biggest supports' during her recovery, seen here on September 8

Lupus, which is a lifelong disease, is when a person's immune system attacks its own healthy tissue instead of only attacking viruses and bacteria, causing inflammation.

The inflammation affects a person's brain, blood cells, heart, lungs, joints, skin and kidneys, according to the Mayo Clinic.

People magazine reports The Weeknd has 'been very caring and it's meant a lot to her to have him by her side.'

Candid: Selena needed a kidney transplant due to lupus, an autoimmune disease; her best friend Francia Raisa donated her kidney to her

Their source explained that Selena traveled with her musician beau 'on his tour and he was off during her surgery and right after during her recovery.'

Since the operation, the Monte Carlo star is 'feeling much better,' according to the magazine.

She's also been praised by fund-raisers for helping to bring in half a million dollars for Lupus Research, by inspiring people to donate to the cause.

Candid: Since the operation, the Monte Carlo star is 'feeling much better,' according to the magazine; she shared a view of her scar

'Selena's openness and strong emotional connection to her worldwide audience has brought extraordinary awareness to a disease that is typically overlooked,' the CEO of charity Lupus Research Alliance Kenneth Farber explained to E! News on Friday.

He added: 'As a result of her encouragement to visit our website, LupusResearch.org, to learn about lupus, our phones have been ringing off the hook and our website traffic has soared.

'Selena has supported our organization in many ways, donating a portion of tickets sales for her last concert tour to the Lupus Research Alliance and requesting donations to us on the occasion of her birthday, as well as yesterday's announcement.

Not holding back: Prior to the transplant, The Heart Wants Want It Wants singer 'was feeling really lethargic and worn out'; the star posted another view of her recovery

'Together her appeals have raised almost $500,000 for research funded by the Lupus Research Alliance.'

Prior to the transplant, The Heart Wants Want It Wants singer 'was feeling really lethargic and worn out.'

The Come And Get It artist revealed her kidney transplant via social media on Thursday morning.