Guess Who Will Be Back for Season 9 of The Real Housewives of New Jersey Guess Who Will Be Back for Season 9 of The Real Housewives of New Jersey

Season 9 of The Real Housewives of New Jersey is shaping up to be oh-so-epic now that we know that Margaret Josephs and Dolores Catania will be back for more Garden State shenanigans. Now prepare to brace yourselves, RHONJ fans, because we're revealing another familiar face joining the bunch again next season.

How to Watch Watch The Real Housewives of New Jersey on Peacockand Bravo.

Get ready for more Danielle Staub next season of RHONJ!

We of course met Danielle back in Season 1 of RHONJ, and she hung out with the Garden State gals through Season 2. There was no shortage of drama during Danielle's first two seasons on the show, especially between her and Teresa Giudice. Need we remind you of the table flip or their heated Season 2 reunion moment involving Andy Cohen?

But in recent years, Danielle and Teresa let bygones be bygones and resolved their past issues, bonding over their shared passion for yoga before Season 8 began. Danielle made her triumphant return to RHONJ in Season 8, and she received a warm welcome from many of the ladies, with the exception of Dolores, with whom there was immediate tension.

Related





Danielle also updated fans on what her daughters, Christine and Jillian Staub, have been up to in Season 8. Teresa was even able to make things right with Jillian years after she uttered the iconic phrase "prostitution whore."

Last season, we also got to meet Danielle's new boyfriend Marty Caffrey, who would eventually become her fiancé after he surprised her with a proposal. Danielle and Marty wed on Bimini Island in the Bahamas on May 5. Unfortunately, after their marital problems played out in the public eye, Marty reportedly filed for divorce from Danielle on August 14.

Get an update on Danielle's life since Season 8 of RHONJ in the above clip, and then look back on her relationship with Marty, below.