Bobby Brown breaks down on Hollywood Medium Bobby Brown was purportedly reconnected with late ex-wife Whitney Houston and deceased daughter Bobbi Kristina on Wednesday's episode of Hollywood Medium.

The 48-year-old singer appeared on the E! show for a session with celebrity clairvoyant medium Tyler Henry, 21.

Brown said he was in a 'therapeutic time' in his life as he met Henry who claimed to know nothing about the singer.

Scroll down for video

Clairvoyant medium: Bobby Brown was put in contact with ex-wife Whitney Houston and deceased daughter Bobbi Kristina on Wednesday's episode of Hollywood Medium

Henry first got in touch with Brown's construction worker father Herbert who died in December.

The 'medical intuitive' noted that he died of cancer after smoking and stopping and was the 'center of attention' in the afterlife.

Brown confirmed his father quit smoking 'for 30 years' and was a 'talkative type of guy'.

Henry then appeared to be making contact with Houston, who died in February 2012 after accidentally drowning in a hotel bathtub.

Coming through: Tyler also got a message from Bobby's late father Herbert

Beyond the grave: Whitney wanted to make clear that she died of a heart issue

'Her heart. Very clear. No matter how I died, I need them to know my heart,' said Henry as he claimed to relay a message from Houston.

'Oh boy. She used drugs but the way she passed is not a way that I can accept,' Brown said.

Henry then said that Houston was relaying from beyond the grave the circumstances of her death,

Music stars: Whitney and Bobby are shown in November 1992 in Hollwyood

Sad circumstances: The circumstances of Bobbi Kristina (left) and Whitney's (right, here in February 2012) unexpected deaths were heart-breaking

'Heart is fundamentally what she perceives as the catalyst,' he told Brown.

He added that Houston was 'selective' and 'not giving me a ton'.

Henry then told Brown that his famous ex-wife helped their daughter Bobbi Kristina 'transition' when she died aged 22 in July 2015 after being found unresponsive in a bathtub.

Not a lot: Tyler told Bobby that Whitney was being 'selective' and not giving him a lot

'I was there to hold her hand when she made her transition,' Henry told the former New Edition member from his ex-wife.

He then referenced a Tina Turner impersonation and said his daughter loved him.

'Tina Turner thing is amazing. My daughter used to dress like Tina Turner and run around the house doing all of Tina Turner's dances. Nobody could've known that,' Brown said as he wiped tears away.

That's amazing: Bobby said that nobody knew about Bobbi Kristina dancing around like Tina Turner

He later shared a picture of himself with Bobbi Kristina who he was estranged with at the time of her death.

Henry was surprised to learn that Brown's ex-wife was Whitney Houston.

'I'm comfortable with going on with my life. I needed that,' Brown said as he hugged Henry.

Father and daughter: The former New Edition star shared a photo of him and Bobbi Kristina

Big hug: Bobby gave Tyler a big hug after their session together

Eva Longoria and former Jersey Shore star Jennifer 'JWowww' Farley also appeared on the show.

The Independent Investigations Group in 2015 awarded Hollywood Medium with its Truly Terrible Television Award.

The E! show was recognized for its 'lack of scientific integrity' and its 'extraordinary ongoing deceit of the American public' by the Hollywood-based organization.

Hollywood Medium is available to stream Thursdays in the UK & Ireland on hayu.