October 2017 Monthly Horoscope By Zodiac Sign 3 of 13

Illustrated by Alia Penner. Photographed by Jason Rodgers.

Sagittarius

November 22 to December 21



Summon the Sagittarius squad! There's strength in numbers as the Libra sun lights up your collaborative 11th house until the 23rd. Maybe you're forging ahead towards a professional goal or stocking the autumn entertainment schedule with group outings and Airbnb weekends. Work or play, you'll be happiest when collaborating with other savvy souls. But don't give up all authority. Take-charge Mars is holding court in Virgo and your 10th house (aka the executive suite of the Zodiac wheel) until the 22nd. Someone still has to be the captain, Sagittarius, and it's looking like you're it. Don't second-guess your vision when the chorus of opinions flows in. Sure, you can consider the input, but you also know what works for you. Geek is chic until the 23rd, so if you need to make more money, try learning new software or online skills. You could make an amazing virtual connection near the new moon on the 19th. This is also a stellar day for getting started on any digital ventures. Like Sag sister Chrissy Teigen, you could be the next Instagram superstar or maybe make a killing on a festive Etsy shop.



With Venus and Mars hovering in Virgo for much of the month (until the 14th and 22nd, respectively), you could feel a little "married to the job." Cupid will make an early cameo, however, when the Aries full moon lights up your true love zone on the 5th. An attraction that's been brewing since the March 27th new moon in Aries could evolve into something real — or you could meet someone with promising potential. Coupled? This full moon could raise the stakes. Ring shopping, exchanging flat keys, picking out baby names — it could get that serious within two weeks of these moonbeams.



Now for the biggest news of the month: On October 10th, your ruler, nomadic Jupiter slips into Scorpio and your soulful, transitional 12th house for a year-plus. For some Archers, this may be the perfect time to take that "gap year." Could you live the bohemian life in a remote surf town or do a stint teaching English on another continent? Highly possible. Even if you stay put, this is a time for healing, meditation, and getting deeply connected to your emotions. You could start working with a great therapist or find an incredible mentor. And suddenly, you have the patience and focus to get into yoga. Keep a lighter schedule so you can dream, create, and enjoy romantic pursuits. When Jupiter lands in Sagittarius on 8th November 2018, life will take off at a galloping pace again, so catch a breath while you can!