Selena Gomez shares photo from date night with The Weeknd They've been head over heels for one another since their romance went public in January.

And on Tuesday, Selena Gomez happily shared a shot of her and boyfriend The Weeknd enjoying a relaxed date night.

In the Polaroid-style picture, the 25-year-old brunette beams at the camera while her 27-year-old year old other half wraps a loving arm around her and gazes off to the side.

Night out! Selena Gomez shared a sweet photo of date night with her love The Weeknd Tuesday on Instagram

The actress/fashionista was dressed down in the photo, which appeared to be taken from the comfort of an upscale restaurant.

The Texas gal looked relaxed in an oversized tee as she rested her chin on her arm and flashed a content smile at the camera.

Selena added a shiny gold watch and big hoops for a bit of sparkle.

Next to the former Disney darling sat her Star Boy beau, who appeared to be at ease as he wrapped his arm around his love.

Quality time: The Fetish singer and her Grammy winning beau (above on Sunday) are soaking up their time together before he hits the road again to continue his Star Boy tour

The Canadian rapper showed off his signature style in a hip jacket with rolled up sleeves and a simple necklace.

His hair looked sharp, styled into a dramatic high top with natural edges.

The Fetish singer and her Grammy winning beau are soaking up their time together before he hits the road again to continue his Star Boy: Legend of the Fall Tour.

On Sunday, The Weeknd was a no-show at the evening's MTV Video Music Awards at The Forum, even though he was previously booked to perform.

VIP MIA! This weekend the rapper (above on Monday) was a no-show at the MTV Video Music Awards, though he was previously booked to perform and was nominated for four awards

According to TMZ, the singer 'just didn't feel like' attending, despite being nominated for four awards at the annual ceremony.

A source told TMZ: 'The Weeknd has been on the road for a prolonged period of time and just didn't feel up to his VMAs gig.

'In his mind, he booked the gig a while ago, before concert fatigue set in, and he just felt differently in the days before the show.

'He's about to hit the road again and there wont be a break until December.