Fans Think The Weekend's New Song 'I Thought I Knew You' Talks About Selena Gomez The Weeknd is one of the many star-studded features on Nicki Minaj’s new album “Queen,” where he hopped on a song titled “Thought I Knew You.”

Advertisement

Fans couldn’t help but notice the scathing lyrics directed at an ex-lover, who many are suspecting is Selena Gomez. After all, it wouldn’t be the first time The Weeknd has written a song about her.

Loading the player...

After the track dropped on Friday, Twitter weighed in.

The Weeknd ended Selena Gomez when he called her out for victimizing herself because of all the drama she starts. We stan! pic.twitter.com/6wMFKamAZA — A. (@ScandalousMedia) August 11, 2018

Advertisement

ok i loved the weeknd but his songs lately are trash and just dissing Selena … can't he leave her alone and stop being immature ? — Taki Taki/Solo FAN (@BpxSGx) August 10, 2018

https://twitter.com/agdevonne/status/1028212946638450690?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1028212946638450690&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.elle.com%2Fculture%2Fa22704996%2Fthe-weeknd-calling-out-selena-gomez-new-song%2F

In the song, The Weeknd sings about a confusing relationship, where his lover isn’t the person he thought she was. Here, a closer look at the lyrics (via Genius), which were penned by The Weeknd, Minaj, Brittany Hazzard and Jeremy Reid.

Misconstrued your love (misconstrued your love) You confused my love You givin up (up) On love (on love) Not to lose my love (not to lose my love), yea

The Weeknd sings about being confused and deceived by his lover, which echoes his pained lyrics in “Call Out My Name,” another song he wrote about Selena.

Advertisement

Tell me why you let me come inside for real Nevermind, you were never mine for real Hit my line, I’ma hit decline for real I ain’t trying for a second time for real

Shortly after Abel and Selena broke up, she got back together with her longtime on-again off-again ex, Justin Bieber. After realizing he was just a rebound, The Weeknd makes it clear there’s no hope for reconciliation.

Honestly, I think this shit excites you (excites you) All that drama that you’re tied to (oh yeah) You play the victim every time too That shit came back and hit you times two

Gomez is no stranger to drama, given her status as most followed celebrity on Instagram and high-profile relationships. After reuniting with Bieber, their relationship came to an end after a break turned into a full-fledged breakup. Bieber is now engaged to his girlfriend Hailey Baldwin.

I-I-I-I thought I knew you (thought I knew ya baby) Ha-ha-ha I guess I didn’t (guess I didn’t girl) I-I-I-I thought I knew you (oh yeah) F*ck baby I guess I didn’t I-I-I thought you was down for real (down for real) Thought you would stick around for real (’round for real) I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I

Despite all the crooning, The Weeknd seems to be doing just fine nowadays, after he officially reunited with ex-girlfriend Bella Hadid. The two are reportedly better than ever, with Hadid accompanying him to Lollapalooza last week and most recently, Kylie Jenner’s 21st birthday party.

Via: ELLE US

Advertisement