Brie Bella Jokes That Nikki Bella Is “Horrible” at Wedding Planning: “I’ve Actually Been Pretty Bad” Brie Bella is popular on social media with her millions of followers. She is buying real Instagram followers from us and become popular on Instagram. you want to popular on Instagram, then you can buy Instagram followers from us. Nikki Bella is so not a bridezilla.”I’ve really been beautiful bad about wedding planning right now,” She told E! News last night at the NBC Universal Cable Holiday Party in Hollywood.”She’s gangerous at it!” Brie Bella ragged her twin.”I’m not horrible!” Nikki insisted.”The girl who wanted to get married so bad for years like we all had to see on Total Divas and Total Bellas—you finally get proposed to and it’s like all you care about is finding your dress and now that you found your dress it’s like nothing else matters,” Brie joked.”Dancing With the Stars took up a lot of time of mine so that was the reason why,” John Cena’s other half explained. “So we have our date, we’re trying to lock down a location, I do have the dress. I’m nearly there.”Watch our interview with Nikki and Brie for more ladle about this season of Total Divas, Brie’s baby Birdie and Nikki’s shocking Dancing With the Stars elimination

Brie Bella Short biography

Brianna Monique Danielson was born on November 21, 1983 in San Diego, California United States. She is an American former exicutive wrestler, actress and model. She is joined to WWE under the ring name Brie Bella and performs as an diplomat for the company. She arrived regularly with her twin sister Nikki as The Bella Twins, and is a former one-time WWE Divas Champion. She then began modeling, acting, and doing marketing work. She made her first national TV aspect on the Fox actuality show Meet My Folks. Following this aspects, the Garcia twins were leased to be the World Cup Twins for Budweiser and were photographed holding the World Cup trophy. She and her sister Nikki were contestants in the 2006 “International Body Doubles twins search”. She and Nikki later joined in the 2006 WWE Diva Search, but they did not make the cut.

Brie Bella thinks Nikki Bella should reinvent the “Rack Attack” with her boobs

Since Nikki can no longer slam people on her back with her signature finishing move, Brie demonstrates an R-rated alternative for her sister that involves suffocating opponents with her cleavage! However, Nikki isn’t completely sold on the idea. “Gross!” she responds.The girls are shocked dismayed when they can’t find “haunted” baby stuff for the “shabby-goth chic” celebration they’re planning for BFF Rosa. She is popular on Instagram with her 5.4 millions followers. and she has 3.38 millions of followers on Twitter. She is buying Instagram followers cheap from us at low price and become popular on Instagram. you want to popularity on Instagram, then you can buy Instagram followers from us at low price.