'Black Panther' Director Ryan Coogler Thanks Fans in Emotional Letter 

“Black Panther” director Ryan Coogler penned an emotional letter thanking fans for coming out to watch and support the new Marvel movie, which has shattered multiple box office records.

“Deep down we all hoped that people would come to see a film about a fictional country on the continent of Africa, made up of a cast of people of African descent,” the director wrote. “Never in a million years did we imagine that you all would come out this strong.”

He continued, “It still humbles me to think that people care enough to spend their money and time watching our film. But to see people of all backgrounds wearing clothing that celebrates their heritage, taking pictures next to our posters with their friends and family, and sometimes dancing in the lobbies of theaters — often moved me and my wife to tears.”

With its record-obliterating $242 million President’s Day opening weekend and $426 million global launch, “Black Panther” is all but guaranteed to surpass $1 billion at the worldwide box office.

Down the road, “Black Panther” could soon leave several major releases in the dust. A $100 million second weekend is a possible feat for this film, as this weekend’s releases, “Game Night” and “Annihilation,” aren’t expected to open to more than $25 million. At that pace, “Black Panther” could pass the domestic run for “Thor: Ragnarok” as early as this coming Sunday and pass the domestic run for “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2” the week after.

Additionally, “Black Panther” is all people have been talking about for weeks. The film holds a score of 96 percent fresh on Rotten Tomatoes and has since received an A+ CinemaScore.

“Black Panther” stars Chadwick Boseman, Michael B. Jordan, Lupita Nyong’o, Danai Gurira, Andy Serkis, Forest Whitaker, Angela Bassett, Letitia Wright, Martin Freeman and Daniel Kaluuya.

“Thank you for giving our team of filmmakers the greatest gift,” he concluded. “The opportunity to share this film, that we poured our hearts and soul into, with you.”

Read Coogler’s emotional letter below.