Watch 'Queer Eye's' Heartwarming Season 2 Trailer & Try Not to Cry (We Already Are) Now, the handsome star is branching out beyond the Fab 5 by hosting his own culinary show No Taste Like Home on National Geographic. Porowski joins A-list stars at various places across the globe to see how food ties into their rich lineage.

"Storytelling through food is something I was taught the power of not only growing up, but on nine seasons and hopefully counting of Queer Eye. This is an evolution or extension of that," Porowski tells PRIDE.

Not only has Porowski helped countless amounts of people step into their own confidence throughout the years, but the TV host is also prioritizing his own physical and mental health with a few simple lifestyle regimens.

"Eight hours of sleep and a lot of water! I know it sounds basic, but it's true. It's moderation and having a lot of fiber and clean protein. You gotta balance it out and switch it up."

The model is showing off a diverse range of meals on No Taste Like Home alongside celebrity guests like Florence Pugh, Issa Rae, Awkwafina, Justin Theroux, Henry Golding, and more. Porowski hopes the personal stories shared will encourage fans to tap more into their own ancestries.

"I just hope it inspires people to look at their own lives and the dishes that shaped you. I know none of it would be possible without Queer Eye. That show has taught me to lean into being myself. Despite how terrifying it is in these times, it gave me the confidence to start thinking out of the box."

Political unrest is causing major discourse for the LGBTQ+ community in the United States, but the reality star is continuing to live out and proud, especially after traveling the world.

"Despite the dumpster fire that the United States is in right now, I still feel safe being able to be who I am, but there are a lot of people in this country who don't feel safe. When you travel the globe, you realize where it's literally illegal [to be gay]. I'm trying to keep my peace in these times."

No Taste Like Home With Antoni Porowski airs Sunday nights on National Geographic, with episodes available the next day on Disney+ and Hulu. To see the full interview, check out the video at the top of the page.