Kristin Cavallari bites back after NFL husband Jay Cutler's teammate says Olivia Munn is hotter Kyle Long's job on the football field may be to protect her man Jay Cutler.

But Kristin Cavallari was the one getting defensive when the American football guard picked another celeb over her.

The 28-year-old former reality star intervened in a conversation on Twitter on Wednesday between the Chicago Bears player and one of his fans after she was brought up.

Scroll down for video

Who is hotter?: Kristin Cavallari (left) and Olivia Munn (right) were at the centre of a debate on social media over their looks as they are both in relationships with NFL players

What a debate: A fan asked a teammate of Cavallari's husband Jay Cutler who he found more attractive from the two stars and after picking Munn, Kristin replied seemingly taking offense to his answer

User @JayDubWard asked the 26-year-old professional athlete: '.@Ky1eLong who has the hotter girlfriend -- Cutler or Aaron Rodgers?'

As the girlfriend of Green Bay Packers quarterback Rodgers is Olivia Munn, Long may have thought he had Cutler's best intentions in mind as he replied: 'Well Cutty is married.. And I love the newsroom.. Sooo.'

Not being the one picked, Kristin took offense to the answer from her husband's teammate over two seasons as she replied to both the NFL star and the fan: 'ummmm excuse me.'

Guarded: Kyle Long, 26, was at the centre of the social media blitz as he replied to the fans query with: 'Well Cutty is married.. And I love the newsroom.. Sooo,' as he was pictured at the 2013 NFL Combine in Indiana

Winner winner: The 34-year-old actress Munn was the one ultimately picked as the American footballer said he likes her show The Newsroom

Blonde ambition: As long said that he prefers brunettes, Kristin - pictured at the Miss Universe Pageant in Miami in January - made sure he knew that she was a natural brunette

Long then tweeted: 'let's fight about it KC u know I'm into brunettes.'

Cavallari finished off the conversation by making sure the athlete did not let her blonde locks fool him as she replied: 'natural brunette right here.'

It was a fun social media conversation shared between the two stars from very different worlds, but Long definitely showed his loyalty to Cutler once again on Twitter later that day.

His protection: Long has been teammates with Cavallari's husband Jay Cutler (pictured left) over two seasons on the Chicago Bears, snapped together during a game versus the Bengals in Chicago in September 2013

User @mikethms22 tweeted to the guard querying: '@Ky1eLong how do you feel about anonymous players not wanting to play with Cutler?'

Long came to the defense of Cavallari's man once again as he wrote: 'I'll anonymously kick their ass!!! Lol.'

The former star of The Hills began dating Cutler in later 2010 and were engaged shortly after in April 2011.

The couple tied the knot June 8, 2013 in Nashville, Tennessee and have two sons together: two-year-old Camden and Jaxon, aged almost 10 months.