Royal Family Christmas card: Where are Kate Middleton and her family's outfits from? Kate Middleton spotted driving herself to Buckingham Palace 1769456807S8wzO3F8

Kate Middleton and Prince William, both 36, delighted royal fans today, as they released an official photograph of themselves with their three children, Prince George, five, Princess Charlotte, three, and Prince Louis, aged seven months. The family were all pictured grinning as they stood in the countryside, with the Duchess of Cambridge holding her youngest child in her arms. Meanwhile, the older two children stood beside their parents, standing on a horizontal part of a tree. The royals are often admired for their style choices, so where did the family get their outfits from for the latest picture?

Kate Middleton Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

The Duchess of Cambridge opted for a pair of blue jeans for the rural-themed photoshoot.

While the exact brand is currently unknown, Kate has worn jeans a number of times before.

For instance, in the past, the mother-of-three has been spotted wearing J Brand jeans in the past - specifically the 811 Mid-Rise Skinny Leg in navy twill - which retailed at $158 (£126) on the website nordstrom.com. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

She teamed the look with a pale checked shirt, as well as a pale khaki coloured jumper. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Except for the slightly different shade, the sweater looked strikingly similar to the Övik Re-Wool Sweater by the company Fjällräven - costing $150 (around £120).

Kate wore the jumper in October this year, after returning to her royal duties following her time on maternity leave.

The Duchess finished off the look with a pair of sparkling oak leap earrings from Asprey - which come in at a whopping £5,000.

Royal Family Christmas card: Kate Middleton and Prince William and their children posed for a photo

Prince George

In the portrait, the eldest of the Cambridge children could be seen wearing trousers for the first time in an official royal photo.

The garment is thought to be the Amaia Freddie trousers in blue, which come in at £50.

Prince George also sported a green cable knit jumper which had orange edging, and a collared shirt.

For the wintery walk, he donned Hunter Kids’ First boots - costing £35.

Princess Charlotte



The young princess wore a navy blue ensemble - which included a Fina Ejerique cardigan.



Princess Charlotte wore the number earlier this year in official photographs with her newborn brother Prince Louis, with Prince George also wearing the cardigan in the past for official photographs in honour of Queen Elizabeth II’s 90th birthday, back in 2016.



Prince William



The Duke of Cambridge also opted for a pair of jeans, however it is unknown where these are from.



Royal Family Christmas card: Kate Middleton and Prince William grinned beside their three children

Royal Family Christmas Card: Kate Middleton donned a very similar looking jumper earlier this year

The father-of-three teamed the look with a blue and white checked shirt, which he wore with several buttons undone.

Prince Louis

The youngster hasn’t been seen in public all that much since he was welcomed into the world earlier this year, but the tot, unsurprisingly, featured in the family Christmas card snap.

Now seven months old, Prince Louis wore a pale blue jumper and a white collared number - which is thought to be the Amaiakids Mayfair body with navy trim.

The youngest of the trio was also dressed in navy blue shorts - thought to be the Amaia Kids Griotte bloomer shorts, which sell for £42.

Prince Louis also sported ribbed navy tights, which are likely to be from La Coqueta - a product selling for £10.

The final aspect of his look was a pair of adorable leather shoes - which seem to be from Pepa & Co.

The latest news and gossip from the Royal Family plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy