Jason Aldean responds to Las Vegas shooting: 'Time to come together and stop the hate!' Updated Oct. 3, 2017, 10:24 a.m. ET

Less than 24 hours after a gunman opened fire on tens of thousands of people attending a Las Vegas concert he headlined, country music star Jason Aldean released a statement on social media asking the nation to come together and heal.

"Over the last 24 hrs I have gone through lots of emotions," he wrote. "Scared, Anger, Heartache, Compassion and many others. I truely (sic) don't understand why a person would want to take the life of another. Something has changed in this country and in this world lately that is scary to see."

A gunman opened fire Sunday from 32nd floor the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas during the Route 91 Harvest festival, killing at least 59 people and wounding 527 others. The gunman, identified by police as Mesquite, Nev., resident Stephen Paddock, later killed himself.

Thousands of other terror-stricken survivors went scrambling for cover while Aldean was on stage.

More: Route 91 Harvest festival 'completely devastated'over Sunday's violence

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

MORE: Las Vegas shooting raises new doubts about the safety of live entertainment

In his most recent Instagram post, Aldean, who has two daughters from his first marriage and is currently expecting his first son with second wife Brittany Kerr, admits he's scared to raise his child in this world.

"At the end of the day we (sic) aren't Democrats or Republicans, Whites or Blacks, Men or Women. We are all humans and we are all Americans and (sic) its time to start acting like it and stand together as ONE! That is the only way we will ever get this Country to be better than it has ever been, but we have a long way to go and we have to start now."

Aldean continued, "My heart aches for the Victims and their families of this senseless act. I am so sorry for the hurt and pain everyone is feeling right now and there are no words Ii can say to take that pain away. Just know u all are in my heart and my prayers as we all go through this together. Time to come together and stop the hate!"

More: Amid tragedy in Las Vegas, close-knit country music world finds strength in unity

More: Las Vegas mass shooting victims remembered in vigil at Ascend Amphitheater

More: Las Vegas shooting survivors return home to Nashville, recall chaos

More: In wake of Las Vegas shooting, country music DJ Bobby Bones urges fans to keep going to concerts