Ben Affleck and Lindsay Shookus step out for coffee date She's reportedly moved into Ben Affleck's home.

And on Monday, Lindsay Shookus and the actor, 44, stepped out together for a morning beverage run in Brentwood, California.

Ben and the Saturday Night Live producer, who shared a sweet moment on their way out of the shop, have been seeing each other 'one and off' since 2015, according to UsWeekly.

Happy: Lindsay Shookus and the actor stepped out together for a morning beverage run in Brentwood, California on Monday

News of their relationship became public last week.

For their morning day date, the former New York resident flashed her legs in a classic black dress, adding white trainers.

The TV executive, 37, wore her blonde locks loose and went makeup free.

Ben, who grinned ear to ear, dressed in casual wear, opting for jeans and a black shirt.

Looking good: Ben and the Saturday Night Live producer, who shared a sweet moment on their way out of the shop, have been seeing each other 'one and off' since 2015, according to UsWeekly

Staying close: News of their relationship became public last week

The happy duo gazed into each other's eyes as they headed back to their car.

US Weekly's insider said that Ben and Lindsay 'were not casually dating' but 'having a full-blown affair' since 2015.

However, a source close to Ben said that they've only been dating for three months.

'Lindsay was not what led to the end of their marriage. They had a ton of other problems,' the insider said.

According to E! News the duo are 'in the early stages' of their relationship, adding that 'it's more than a summer thing.'

A sweet moment: For their morning day date, Lindsay flashed her legs in a classic black dress, adding white trainers

'They are spending time together in LA. Lindsay is staying at Ben's new house,' People's source revealed.

On Thursday, Ben and Lindsay stepped out for a romantic dinner at Giorgio Baldi.

E! reported that they enjoyed each other's company inside the Los Angeles restaurant.

The website claims that they 'were very intimate and touchy the entire dinner' and had lobster and several pasta dishes during their date.

In conversation: Ben, who grinned ear to ear, dressed in casual wear, opting for jeans and a black shirt

Content: The TV executive, 37, wore her blonde locks loose and went makeup free

Earlier this month, they spent time together in London, where Ben was working.

They enjoyed a number of dates, including seeing Sam Mendes' play Ferryman in the city and dinner at Gymkhana Indian restaurant in Mayfair, reports US Weekly.

She also stopped by the set of Justice League where Ben was filming re-shoots.

Bliss: Earlier this month, they spent time together in London, where Ben was working; seenon Monday in Brentwood, CA

Lindsay was previously married to Kevin Miller, a former SNL producer; they have one child together.

Ben and Jennifer announced their separation in summer 2015, after 10 years of marriage.

The former couple, who filed for divorce in April, have remained amicable.

They have three children: Violet, 11; Seraphina, eight; and Samuel, five.