Kim Kardashian offers advice for dealing with haters Kim Kardashian has had her share of haters over her 10 years of fame.

And on Thursday the siren, 37, offered some advice to her fans on how to deal with it as she took to her site kimkardashianwest.com.

In a post titled How I Deal with Haters, she said, 'If you let people bring you down, it’s harder to focus on your goals. Just do you and don't give in to the negativity.'

Staying tough: Kim Kardashian offered some advice to her fans on how to deal with haters; here she is seen in a photo shared on Thursday with Khloe and Kourtney

That same day she shared an image from Tokyo with sisters Kourtney, 38, and Khloe, 33, who is pregnant with her first child and due in April.

Kim's post began with talking about the past.

'I used to be really sensitive—I’d have Google Alerts and look on websites and get so upset, but now I don't really care,' said the wife of Kanye West.

The mother to North, Saint and Chicago added, 'When people say negative things about me, I try to take the high road most of the time.

Long time famous: The post began with talking about the past. 'I used to be really sensitive—I’d have Google Alerts and look on websites and get so upset, but now I don't really care,' said the wife of Kanye West

'I always ask the questions: Will this affect me in a week? In a month? In a year? And usually the answer is no, but if it's something that really bothers me, I'll respond.'

She then talked about that move in February where she sent gifts to her haters. The list included Taylor Swift and Chloe Grace Moretz, both of whom have spoken out about the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star.

'When I had my KKW Fragrance KIMOJI Hearts launch, I sent some of my haters the new perfumes.

Smell this: She then talked about that move in February where she sent gifts to her haters. 'When I had my KKW Fragrance KIMOJI Hearts launch, I sent some of my haters the new perfumes. 'It was my way of saying they can talk sh** about me if they want, but I’m going to keep doing me'

'It was my way of saying they can talk sh** about me if they want, but I’m going to keep doing me.'

And she wrapped up with some pretty solid general advice.

'My advice for anyone dealing with haters is to just keep pushing through. If you let people bring you down, it’s harder to focus on your goals. Just do you and don't give in to the negativity.'

On her work trip: The Selfish author was just in Japan to film KUWTK

This post comes as Kim supported Madonna on Tuesday at the YouTube Space in Los Angeles.

The makeup maven rocked a delicate black bra and matching skirt.

She shared insider knowledge for the MDNA SKIN event moderated by YouTube sensation Kandee Johnson.

Selfie! It comes as no surprise that Kim could dish on her favorite tips and tricks during a beauty Q&A with Madonna on Tuesday at the YouTube Space in Los Angeles

Kim's tanned and toned tummy was on full display as she opted to leave her top at home and instead sported a black bra with a small satin bow nestled between her ample assets.

The mother-of-three showed off her perfect posture as she sat with her arms crossed while wearing a black pencil skirt.

'I love giving advice,' Kim shared with the audience. 'People always come to me. I love analyzing someone's face and going with them to a doctor and being like, 'Wait, a little botox here and little here.'

Beautiful: The 37-year-old makeup maven rocked a delicate black bra and matching skirt as she shared insider knowledge for the MDNA SKIN event moderated by YouTube sensation Kandee Johnson

Fashion! Kim's tanned and toned tummy was on full display as she opted to leave her top at home and instead sported a black bra with a small satin bow nestled between her ample assets

Her long platinum blonde hair showed memories of her millennial pink moment, with pieces still tracing across her shoulders.

The wife of Kanye West opted for more natural shades of makeup including bold brows and light pink lipstick.

Madonna looked delighted to be sharing space with the social media celebrity who boasts more than 108 million followers on Instagram alone.

The Material Girl sported a retro-inspired black velour blazer with massive satin lapels to match a silky bustier top.

The 59-year-old singing sensation added a bit of bling to her ensemble with a sparkling silver grill worn in her mouth.

'I sleep on my face, so I wake up with puffy eyes,' Madge said of her daily beauty routine. 'When I wake up, my eyes look like small planets, so I created these eye masks that are filled with eye serum, and I cannot speak to anybody until my eyes are not planets.'

A funny image: Kim appeared to pull away as Madonna drew her near



