Chloe Moretz sends beau Brooklyn Beckham sweet happy birthday message Chloe Moretz has taken to Instagram to wish her beau Brooklyn Beckham a very Happy Birthday.

The 21-year-old shared an adorable black and white picture of her boyfriend, showing off his huge grin.

In the caption she wrote: ‘Never Stop Smiling, I Love You, Happy Birthday Brooklyn.’

The pair recently celebrated Chloe’s 21st, and now with Brooklyn entering his final year as a teenager, it looks as though the parties will continue.

And it wasn’t just his girlfriend that sent her well wishes, as he was also showered with love from his family.

Chloe Moretz wishes Brooklyn Beckham a Happy Birthday in sweet Instagram post (Picture: REX)

His dad, David Beckham, also posted a picture of his son and wrote: ‘Happy Birthday big boy… So proud of the man you have grown into …. Be passionate, be proud, be humble & be you … Love u bust.’

And his mum Victoria, who Brooklyn recently got a tattoo for, shared a cute family snap of the photography student alongside his siblings Romeo, 15, Cruz, 13, and Harper, 6.

She wrote: ‘Happy birthday Brooklyn ✨ We all love you so much!! xx So many kisses from us all!! We are so proud of you,’ before posting a picture of her son next to an extravagant chocolate cake.

His younger brothers also wished him will with Romeo referering to him as ‘the best brother in the world, and Cruz expressing his love for him.

Romeo followed on with the black and white theme, by posting a picture of the two of them hanging out in what looks to be a restaurant.

In the caption he said: ‘I actually cannot believe your are 19 !!!!! I hope you have the best day possible !’

And Cruz added: ‘I love you big bro,’ while sharing a picture of them both relaxing in a swimming pool.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

Arrow MORE: David Beckham shares sweet advice as Brooklyn celebrates 19th birthday: ‘Be passionate, be proud’