Emmy nominations 2018: the full list is a senior correspondent who explains what society obsesses over, from Marvel and movies to fitness and skin care. He came to Vox in 2014. Prior to that, he worked at The Atlantic.

The 2018 Emmy Awards have arrived. The 70th annual Primetime Emmy Awards will air on Monday, September 17, honoring the greatest television achievements of the past year.

The major awards are divided into separate categories for comedy and drama. On the drama side, the 2018 nominations include 20 nods for 2017’s big winner, The Handmaid’s Tale. As a freshman series, the grim, dystopian adaptation of Margaret Atwood’s novel took home several awards, including Outstanding Writing in a Drama Series and Outstanding Drama Series. Additionally, the Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series prize went to series star Elisabeth Moss, who won an Emmy for the first time after seven prior nominations.

In 2018, The Handmaid’s Tale is once again in the running for Outstanding Drama Series, alongside the 2016 winner, Game of Thrones, as well as Westworld, The Crown, This Is Us, Stranger Things, and The Americans.

Overall, the most nominated dramas are Game of Thrones and Westworld, which have 22 and 21 nominations, respectively, when the awards’ technical categories are considered. Game of Thrones is newly returned to the Emmys race: After winning Outstanding Drama Series in 2016, the HBO powerhouse drama was not eligible for the 2017 Emmys because its seventh season didn’t air within the eligibility period.

And while the acclaimed new series Killing Eve was overlooked in several categories, its star Sandra Oh (beloved as Grey’s Anatomy’s Cristina Yang) has made history as the first woman of Asian descent to be nominated for a Lead Actress Emmy.

On the comedy side, the nominations field is especially crowded, with eight series vying for the main prize. For the first time in years, the reigning champ Veep is missing, since the show’s final season was delayed while its star Julia Louis-Dreyfus underwent treatment for cancer.

Among the contenders for the Outstanding Comedy Series throne are the Golden Globe-winning The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel, a newcomer to the Emmys, and the second season of Donald Glover’s Atlanta. The first season of Atlanta was nominated for Outstanding Comedy Series honors last year; while it lost the crown to Veep, Glover (who created and stars in the series) won the Emmy for Lead Actor in a Comedy Series.

This year, Atlanta earned repeat nominations in both categories, as well as three other nods in acting categories. The rest of the Outstanding Comedy Series nominees are HBO’s buzzy upstart Barry, the Netflix wrestling comedy GLOW, Silicon Valley, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Black-ish, and Curb Your Enthusiasm.

NBC will broadcast the 2018 Emmy Awards show live on Monday. Saturday Night Live’s Colin Jost and Michael Che will host the ceremony.

Here are the nominees in all the awards’ major categories. For the complete list, visit the Emmys’ website.

Outstanding Comedy Series

Atlanta

Barry

Black-ish

Curb Your Enthusiasm

GLOW

The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel

Silicon Valley

Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt

Outstanding Drama Series

The Americans

The Crown

Game of Thrones

The Handmaid’s Tale

Stranger Things

This Is Us

Westworld

Lead Actor in a Limited Series or Movie

Antonio Banderas, Genius: Picasso

Darren Criss, The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story

Benedict Cumberbatch, Patrick Melrose

Jeff Daniels, The Looming Tower

John Legend, Jesus Christ Superstar

Jesse Plemons, Black Mirror: USS Callister

Lead Actress in a Limited Series or Movie

Jessica Biel, The Sinner

Laura Dern, The Tale

Michelle Dockery, Godless

Edie Falco, Law and Order True Crime: The Menendez Murders

Regina King, Seven Seconds

Sarah Paulson, America Horror Story: Cult

Lead Actor in a Comedy Series

Anthony Anderson, Black-ish

Ted Danson, The Good Place

Larry David, Curb Your Enthusiasm

Donald Glover, Atlanta

Bill Hader, Barry

William H. Macy, Shameless

Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series

Brian Tyree Henry, Atlanta

Henry Winkler, Barry

Louie Anderson, Baskets

Alec Baldwin, Saturday Night Live

Kenan Thompson, Saturday Night Live

Tony Shalhoub, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel

Tituss Burgess, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt

Lead Actress in a Comedy Series

Pamala Adlon, Better Things

Rachel Brosnahan, The Marvelous Ms, Maisel

Allison Janney, Mom

Issa Rae, Insecure

Tracee Ellis Ross, Black-ish

Lily Tomlin, Grace and Frankie

Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series

Zazie Beetz, Atlanta

Laurie Metcalf, Roseanne

Betty Gilpin, GLOW

Aidy Bryant, Saturday Night Live

Leslie Jones, Saturday Night Live

Kate McKinnon, Saturday Night Live

Alex Borstein, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel

Megan Mullally, Will & Grace

Lead Actor in a Drama Series

Jason Bateman, Ozark

Matthew Rhys, The Americans

Sterling K. Brown, This Is Us

Milo Ventimiglia, This Is Us

Ed Harris, Westworld

Jeffrey Wright, Westworld

Supporting Actor in a Drama Series

Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, Game of Thrones

Peter Dinklage, Game of Thrones

Mandy Patinkin, Homeland

David Harbour, Stranger Things

Matt Smith, The Crown

Joseph Fiennes, The Handmaid’s Tale

Lead Actress in a Drama Series

Sandra Oh, Killing Eve

Tatiana Maslany, Orphan Black

Keri Russell, The Americans

Claire Foy, The Crown

Elisabeth Moss, The Handmaid’s Tale

Evan Rachel Wood, Westworld

Supporting Actress in a Drama Series

Lena Headey, Game of Thrones

Millie Bobby Brown, Stranger Things

Vanessa Kirby, The Crown

Ann Dowd, The Handmaid’s Tale

Yvonne Strahovski, The Handmaid’s Tale

Alexis Bledel, The Handmaid’s Tale

Thandie Newton, Westworld

Outstanding Reality Competition Series

The Amazing Race

American Ninja Warrior

Project Runway

RuPaul’s Drag Race

Top Chef

The Voice

Outstanding Variety Sketch Series

At Home With Amy Sedaris

Drunk History

I Love You America with Sarah Silverman

Portlandia

Saturday Night Live

Tracey Ullman’s Show

Outstanding Variety Talk Series

The Daily Show with Trevor Noah

Full Frontal with Samantha Bee

Jimmy Kimmel Live

Last Week Tonight with John Oliver

The Late Late Show with James Corden

The Late Show with Stephen Colbert

Outstanding Limited Series

The Alienist

The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story

Genius: Picasso

Godless