'Dancing With the Stars': First perfect score of the season, plus emotional elimination Oct. 8, 2018 Updated Oct. 9, 2018, 3:02 p.m. ET

Spoiler alert: This story contains significant details from Monday's "Dancing With the Stars" results show.

The night proved to be memorable indeed for one contestant on "Dancing With the Stars."

The ballroom transformed into a time machine Monday to pay tribute to a memorable year in each contestant's life, resulting in many tear-jerking moments.

However, Juan Pablo Di Pace had a reason to celebrate. He earned the season's first perfect score.

Di Pace commemorated the year he left Buenos Aires to follow his artistic abilities in the United States. The "Grease" actor revealed he fled because of bullying and found his life-long passion as a result.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

"Argentina wasn't the happiest place for me. I was heavily bullied in school," he said. "I was called all kinds of things under the sun. I was beaten up and spat on, all that because I was a little different ... awkward ... artistic."

Related: 'Dancing With the Stars': Nancy McKeon fractures foot ahead of NYC tribute night

The actor chose to celebrate how far he's come with a fiery samba to “Ni Tu Ni Yo” by Jennifer Lopez featuring Gente de Zona, alongside pro partner Cheryl Burke. Di Pace's performance was certainly celebrated by the audience and judges, even earning a rare standing ovation from Len Goodman.

Bruno Tonioli said,"This is one of the best sambas I have ever seen,” while Carrie Ann Inaba raved, “That samba was off the charts.”

Following the emotional performances, co-hosts Tom Bergeron and Erin Andrews revealed two couples in danger of going home: Nancy McKeon and pro Val Chmerkovskiy and Tinashe and pro Brandon Armstrong.

Ultimately, McKeon was given her walking papers – on the foot she broke before last week's competition.

McKeon and Chmerkovskiy performed a rumba, in tribute to the year her family was complete, to Lukas Graham's “Love Someone." The pair earned a 22 out of 30.

Related: 'Dancing with the Stars': Bobby Bones hurts shoulder with 'exquisitely demented' routine