Taylor Swift's 'stalker' charged with sending her letters threatening to rape and kill her A 26-year-old Texas, man has been arrested on federal charges for allegedly sending letters to Taylor Swift containing threats of sexual and physical violence, and showing up at her record label in Nashville.

Federal prosecutors in Nashville said in a press release Thursday that Eric Swarbrick, of Austin, has been charged with interstate stalking and sending interstate communications with the intent to threaten.

He is currently in custody in Texas and will be brought to Tennessee at a later date.

Under lock and key: Suspected stalker Eric Swarbrick, 26, (left), has been arrested on federal charges of interstate stalking and sending interstate communications with the intent to threaten Taylor Swift (pictured on August 25 in Nashville, right)

According to prosecutors, Swarbrick personally delivered letters threatening to rape and kill the Reputation songstress and himself to the Big Machine Label Group office on multiple occasions and was arrested by Nashville police on August 2.

He was released from custody, but continued to send letters and emails.

'Too often, we have seen the consequences of ignoring signs of escalating violent behavior by some individuals,' said US Attorney Cochran. 'The attention given to this matter by our law enforcement partners and the resulting federal charges we have brought should serve to prevent a future tragic event.'

According to the complaint, in January 2018, Big Machine Label Group in Nashville began receiving letters from Swarbrick expressing his desire for BMLG CEO Scott Borchetta to introduce him to Swift.

In one letter, Swarbrick acknowledges that he has been wandering around the offices of BMLG in the past. Over time, the letters became increasingly violent and sexual in nature, with at least 40 letters and emails being received by the music label, according to the complaint.

The Grammy winner previously has been granted a restraining order against Swarbrick. The Austin man had allegedly been sending threatening letters and emails to her music label since 2016

On three separate occasions, the 26-year-old Swarbrick allegedly drove from Texas to Nashville and personally delivered letters to BMLG, including on August 2, at which time he was arrested.

After being released from custody, Swarbrick allegedly proceeded to send at least 13 threatening letters and emails before the end of August.

In many of the letters, the complaint states, Swarbrick talked about wanting to rape and kill Swift, and in one he stated he would kill himself in front of Borchetta and his staff.

If convicted, Swarbrick faces up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each count.

Last week, TMZ reported that the 28-year-old Grammy winner previously has been granted a restraining order against Swarbrick, who had been allegedly stalking her since 2016.

Court documents quoted Swarbrick as writing in one letter sent to the pop star: 'I want to rape Taylor Swift. This is why I hate Taylor herself... This is how I know I am Taylor's soulmate.'

He continued: 'I have learned to absolutely repress the metaphorical monster in me, but, very soon, I will become completely responsible for myself ... What logical conclusion is there other than death.'

Crime of passion: In August, Bruce Rowley attempted to impress Swift by holding up a bank and throwing the stolen cash into her yard

Perhaps the most shocking of all was a threat that he will kill her and there is nothing authorities can do.

He stated: 'I will not hesitate to kill her ... and there's nothing you, your lawyers, or the law will be about to do about it. Remember who I am.'

In August, another alleged stalker was arrested while trying to break into Swift's Beverly Hills mansion carrying a knife, live ammunition and black rope.

Swift, who has been traveling around the country with her Reputation Stadium Tour since May, was not home at the time.

The man, 38-year-old Julius Alexander Sandrock, from Colorado, was wearing a mask and rubber gloves, and had additional masks, bullets and drugs in his car.

He was charged with felony stalking but later released on bail.

Days before this, a third man, Bruce Rowley, attempted to impress to the singer by allegedly robbing a bank in Connecticut before driving to her Rhode Island home and tossing the stolen cash over the fence.