Jaden Smith says Four Seasons Toronto ‘spiked’ his pancakes with cheese Send this page to someone via email

Jaden Smith claims that the Four Seasons Hotel in Toronto “spiked” his pancakes with cheese and then kicked him out of his hotel room.

Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith’s son is in Toronto to film a romantic drama titled Life In A Year, about a teen who learns his girlfriend, played by Cara Delevingne, only has one year left to live.

On Saturday afternoon, the 18-year-old actor took to Twitter to complain about the service he received at the hotel.

READ MORE: Will Smith explains why he doesn’t impose gender stereotypes on son, Jaden

He began with “The Four Seasons In Toronto Just Made Me Want to Throw Up On MySelf.”

The Four Seasons In Toronto Just Made Me Want to Throw Up On MySelf. — Jaden (@jaden) May 27, 2017

Story continues below advertisement

He added, “I Hope The Four Seasons In Toronto Puts Me On The No Stay List.”

I Hope The Four Seasons In Toronto Puts Me On The No Stay List. — Jaden (@jaden) May 27, 2017

From there he claimed that the hotel “spiked my pancakes with cheese,” and that “I’m surprised I’m still alive.”

The Four Seasons In Toronto Spiked My Pancakes With Cheese, I'm Surprised I'm Still Alive. — Jaden (@jaden) May 27, 2017

Story continues below advertisement

Then he wrote, “After They Kicked Me Out Of My Room.”

After They Kicked Me Out Of My Room — Jaden (@jaden) May 27, 2017

READ MORE: Jaden Smith is the new face of Louis Vuitton, models womenswear

Get daily National news Get daily Canada news delivered to your inbox so you'll never miss the day's top stories. Sign up for daily National newsletter Get Started By providing your email address, you have read and agree to Global News' Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy

Smith’s tweets raised many questions among his 6.38 million Twitter followers, with some people pointing out that ricotta is a type of cheese.

You're vegan, right? I'm sure by now, if you've read any number of responses to your tweet, you now know what ricotta is. — I Am The Cheese ☭🏴 (@illuminarts1972) May 28, 2017

Story continues below advertisement

run your tweets by your publicist first. You're lactose intolerant? Lactaid or ask questions. or travel with the cook at your house. — JPinPHX (@foodieslikeus) May 29, 2017

Some fans were quick to point out, however, that he most likely ordered the restaurant’s famous lemon ricotta infused pancakes.

Story continues below advertisement

READ MORE: Jaden Smith is writing a collection of philosophical essays

Just days before the drama began with the hotel and Smith, it was announced that his Netflix series The Get Down was cancelled after the first season. Some fans of the show were disappointed, but many people used the example in response to Smith’s Twitter rant about his pancakes.

you know what didn't get four seasons? the get down. — books ¹² (@pteridophobia) May 27, 2017

Netflix Canceling The Get Down Just Made Me Want To Throw Up On Myself — Phee 🇧🇧 (@LARRY_4_LIFE) May 27, 2017

Story continues below advertisement

The Four Seasons Toronto official Twitter account tweeted about the incident writing, “Lemon Ricotta Pancakes, so famous, even @PageSix is talking about them 🍋🧀🥞✨ #wakeupwithFS.”

Lemon Ricotta Pancakes, so famous, even @PageSix is talking about them 🍋🧀🥞✨ #wakeupwithFS pic.twitter.com/hwbYw2nnkt — Four Seasons Hotel Toronto (@FSToronto) May 29, 2017