How to Get Away With Murder's Karla Souza Welcomes Baby Girl Sneaky, sneaky! How to Get Away With Murder’s Karla Souza has welcomed her first child. The actress, who kept her entire pregnancy a secret, announced the news on Thursday, April 19.

Related: Cutest Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

“So I have something to share with you guys,” Souza captioned an Instagram pic of her baby bump. Moments later, she shared a second photo, revealing that her daughter was already here.

“God blessed us,” she wrote, showing her baby girl sleeping on her chest.

Related: Celebrity Babies 2018 A new bundle of joy! Scroll through to see all the cute babies who were born to famous parents in 2018, so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive […]

Souza, 32, later took to Instagram Story to share more details. “We welcomed our healthy baby girl Gianna and we couldn’t feel more blessed in this moment …The last nine months have been nothing short of a miracle.”

Souza and her husband, banker Marshall Trenkmann, tied the knot in 2014. One year later, she told Us Weekly how her beau makes her feel special. “He leaves me articles he wants me to read about something we were talking about, like Latino culture. Or he’ll drop a little note in my bag saying, ‘I hope your day goes well! I love you,'” she said at the time. “It’s super sweet!”

Related: Stars Who Worked Around Their TV Pregnancies At least they could indulge their cravings at craft services! Take a look back at Kerry Washington, Alyssa Milano, Rachel Bilson and more celebrities who had to strategically hide their baby bumps on television while they were pregnant

The star is best known for playing Laurel Castillo on the hit ABC series. Some fans speculated that she may be pregnant when it appeared that she was covering up her stomach while filming.