Cristiano Ronaldo's fiancée Georgina Rodriguez kisses baby daughter They are proud parents to a one-year-old daughter named Alana Martina.

And Cristiano Ronaldo's fiancée Georgina Rodriguez was spotted enjoying a walk with the tiny tot and the sports star's twins Eva and Mateo in Turin on Monday.

The 24-year-old beauty showered the baby with kisses and affection, looking every inch the doting mother.

Devoted mother: Cristiano Ronaldo's fiancée Georgina Rodriguez was spotted enjoying a walk with her daughter Alana Martina and the sports star's twins Eva and Mateo during a visit to Turin on Monday

Georgina was bundled up against the cold in a padded jacket and leggings as she joined the couple's nanny on her walk.

Also accompanying them were several burly security guards, who helped the ladies load the prams into their vehicle.

The brunette beauty wore her hair pulled back in a ponytail and completed her laid back look with simple white trainers.

Sweet moment: The 24-year-old beauty showered the baby with kisses and affection, looking every inch the doting mother

Adorable: Little Alana was impossibly cute, wrapped up in a snug hooded jacket and grey trousers.

Little Alana was impossibly cute, wrapped up in a snug hooded jacket and grey trousers.

Ronaldo is also a father to to Cristiano Ronaldo Jr, eight, and twins, Mateo and Ava, who were born via surrogate.

Portugal's best-selling newspaper Correio da Manha claimed the Spanish beauty had accepted a proposal from Ronaldo, 33, and has begun trying on wedding dresses.

Keeping cosy: Georgina, 24, was bundled up against the cold in a padded jacket and leggings as she joined the couple's nanny on her walk

Newly-engaged: Portugal's best-selling newspaper Correio da Manha claimed the Spanish beauty had accepted a proposal from Ronaldo, 33, and has begun trying on wedding dresses

The Juventus forward and the brunette are living together in Italy at the moment.

Georgina, who has backed the footballer amid claims he raped an American woman in Las Vegas in 2009, is helping raise the footballer's other three children.

The couple were pictured wearing matching Cartier rings during a recent romantic dinner at Zela in London, with Georgina taking to Instagram to share an image of the stunning jewellery alongside a Prada bag and a cocktail.

Show of support: Georgina, who has backed the Juventus player amid claims he raped an American woman in Las Vegas in 2009, is helping raise the footballer's other three children

Setting up home in Italy: The Juventus forward and the brunette are living together in Italy at the moment

Correio da Manha, referring to Georgina by her nickname Gio, quoted a source as saying: 'Cristiano has already asked Gio to marry him...

'The wedding will take place, but few people know the details. All that is known at the moment is that Gio has already tried on some wedding dresses.'

Georgina, who met Cristiano in June 2016 at the Gucci store in central Madrid she worked at when he was shopping for summer clothes, sparked engagement rumours at the World Cup by showing off a stunning £615,000 diamond ring.