Ashley Tisdale turns the sidewalk into a catwalk as she struts around in a tight mini dress Walk this way! Leggy Ashley Tisdale turns the sidewalk into a catwalk as she struts around in a tight mini dress



Ashley Tisdale certainly knows how to put her best foot - or leg - forward.

The 28-year-old confidently strode through Beverly Hills, California, on Tuesday showing off her toned pins.

The High School Musical star turned the short walk from a store to her car into a fashion show, strutting it for a crowd of fans and photographers.

Legs eleven: Ashley Tisdale confidently strode through Beverly Hills, California, on Tuesday showing off toned legs

The actress went for a punky yet feminine look wearing a tight mini dress featuring a pyramid pattern teamed with studded combat boots.

The Motel Rocks dress showed off Ashley's toned form as she made her way to her white Mercedes SUV.

For her day out and about the actress casually threw her hair atop her head in a messy bun and shaded her eyes in a pair of aviators.

Meant for walking: The actress went for a punky yet feminine look wearing a tight mini dress teamed with studded combat boots

Casual cutie: For her day out and about the actress casually threw her hair atop her head in a messy bun and shaded her eyes in a pair of aviators

After spending her weekend with her boyfriend Christopher French, Ashley indulged in a little me time on Tuesday.

And, of course, that meant heading straight to one of her favourite stores, Planet Blue.

The star did manage to not go on a massive shopping spree like she normally does, emerging with just a small bag this time around.

Perhaps she was picking up a bikini to show off her fabulous figure.

Working it: The Scary Movie star has been working with celebrity trainer Harley Pasternak

The Scary Movie star has been working with celebrity trainer Harley Pasternak.

She told Huffington Post recently: 'I work out with my trainer Harley Pasternak and we do a lot of light-weight training and cardio. But I’ll also do yoga and maybe a spin class every once in a while.

And to get ready for bikini seas the actress does change up her diet.

'For me, I just like to cut out bread. I like to keep the good carbs in my diet - I love pasta and Italian food - but I try to eat just that on the weekends and cut out carbs during the week.'