Ariana Grande ‘praying for Manchester’ as she reunites with boyfriend Mac Miller after touching down in the US following concert terror attack home comforts Ariana Grande ‘praying for Manchester’ as she reunites with boyfriend Mac Miller after touching down in the US following concert terror attack

SHATTERED Ariana Grande was “praying for ­Manchester” yesterday following the deadly suicide attack at the end of her concert.

The singer was consoled by her boyfriend Mac Miller as she returned to the US after the suicide bombing at her concert in Manchester on Monday night.

The pop star was spotted for the first time since 22 gig-goers were killed at the Manchester Arena, prompting her to postpone the rest of her world tour.

After the atrocity, Ariana, 23, quit Britain and flew back to the US with her mum Joan, who accompanied her on tour.

She was pictured getting off the private plane in Florida and walking down the steps into the arms of her rapper boyfriend Mac.

SHOW YOUR SUPPORT FOR THE VICTIMS OF THE MANCHESTER ARENA ATTACK Today we launch a Together With Manchester appeal – to raise money for families of the victims of the Arena bomb. News UK, publisher of The Sun, has made a corporate donation of £100,000 to the appeal. Here’s how you can show your support…. ONLINE: www.justgiving.com/TogetherWithManchester TEXT: Text TWMC50 and amount to 70070 – eg TWMC50 £5

(you can donate £1, £2, £3, £4, £5 or £10)

He was seen cuddling the tearful pop star and giving her a kiss as they reunited for the first time since the horror bombing.

They were they seen getting into a car together and heading off to the home of a family member.

Her dad Edward Butera, 58, and mum Joan, 59, are supporting the singer.

Edward said: “Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and their families of Manchester.”

Ariana called off a European tour, including gigs at London’s O2 tonight and tomorrow.

A statement by her management said: “Due to the tragic events in Manchester the tour has been suspended up to June 5.”

Following the slaughter – carried out by Brit-born terrorist Salman Abedi – Ariana wrote an emotional post on social media saying she was “broken”.

A representative from the singer’s label confirmed the 23-year-old was “OK”, although was reportedly left “in hysterics” following the bombing.

Ariana’s mum Joan reportedly escorted petrified fans to safety backstage moments after the attack.

TMZ reported that Joan came to the aid of youngsters after leaving her front row seat following the gig.

The US site quotes eyewitnesses who saw Joan lead a group of fans into the backstage area where she comforted them until they were safely evacuated by police.

Ariana’s drummer has also spoken about the terrifying moment the bomb detonated as they made their way back to their dressing room after the show.

Speaking to Fox News, Aaron said the “painful memory will live with us all for ever”.