Wells Adams Goes to Sarah Hyland's High School Reunion What a good boyfriend! Wells Adams attended girlfriend Sarah Hyland‘s high school reunion before they flew to Mexico for a vacation.

Related: Celebrity Couples and How They First Met: Love Story Beginnings Star-crossed lovers! Ever wonder how celebrity couples like Brangelina, Tom and Gisele, and the Beckhams first met? Whether it was through mutual friends or at work, check out their love story beginnings here!

The Bachelorette alum, 33, shared videos from the Modern Family star’s get-together on his Instagram Story on Saturday, July 14.

“You want to know what love is?” the Bachelor in Paradise star said in one clip. “Love is going to your girlfriend’s high school reunion when you never even went to your own high school reunion.”

He also shared videos with the actress and her friends from the Professional Performing Arts School in NYC goofing off.

Related: Stars Who Got Their Start on Reality TV The road to success in Hollywood is a little different for every would-be actor, but these days, reality TV is becoming a major launching pad for some of the industry's biggest stars. Before they were red-carpet regulars, NeNe Leakes, Jennifer Hudson, Julianne Hough and Lucy Hale were among those who broke through as reality stars

The couple also posted Instagram Story videos on Sunday, July 15, that showed them on a plane, waiting to take off for a Mexican vacation.

They were stuck on the runway for more than an hour but managed to make the most of their time together by sharing silly videos and a sweet photo that the reality TV star captioned, “Honestly it doesn’t matter where we are.”

The getaway was a welcome break for the actress and her boyfriend after she recently battled health issues that landed her in the hospital in June.

The 27-year-old shared a photo of her swollen face on Instagram and revealed that she was forced to leave work on her new movie, The Wedding Year, in order to seek treatment. Hyland didn’t reveal what she was suffering from but she has previously spoken about undergoing a kidney transplant in 2012 and battling a medical condition that caused her to lose muscle mass.

Related: Celebrity Health Scares Trista Sutter, Selena Gomez, Ellen DeGeneres and more stars have opened up about their unexpected illnesses and injuries — read more

Adams was unable to be with his girlfriend during her hospitalization because he was filming the newest season of Bachelor in Paradise in Mexico but promised her that he was “Coming home soon baby!”

Us Weekly exclusively revealed in October 2017 that the pair had been “seeing each other for months.”