Admitted Harasser Morgan Spurlock Sued After Abandoning TV Series About Women’s Issues After addressing a rape allegation and confessing to sexually harassing a former assistant, Morgan Spurlock all but disappeared from Hollywood last December. The Oscar-nominated documentarian’s social-media feeds went quiet and his projects were halted—most conspicuously, an unfortunately timed TNT docuseries titled Who Rules the World?, which was to examine the unique issues facing modern women.

Thanks to Spurlock’s admission of sexual harassment, it seemed best for him to back away, leaving this project to the network. But Spurlock apparently didn’t make a clean enough break from the series. According to Deadline, Turner Entertainment Networks is now suing Spurlock for botched communication with the network, as well as failing to give back funds that were earmarked for the show.

In the suit, which was filed on Tuesday in a federal court in Los Angeles, Turner’s lawyers argue that Spurlock’s contract was breached and that he failed to return funds, The Guardian notes. The sum has not been disclosed. Per Deadline, Turner requested financial data from the show once the company took over production, but did not get a response from Spurlock or his production company, Warrior Poets. In addition, it requested Spurlock and his team return production funds, but again did not receive a response.

“Under information and belief, due to Spurlock’s Twitter confession and the resulting fall-out from the admissions, Warrior Poets is having serious internal problems and may not have the funds to compensate TEN for the breach of contract,” lawyer Neal Levin wrote in the suit, according to The Guardian, asking for an injunction to be placed on Warrior Poets’ account so the production funds would not be “depleted.”

Issues began arising for Spurlock in December after he posted a confessional essay addressing sexual misconduct claims that had been made about him. He wrote about a girl who accused him of rape in college, though there were ultimately no charges or investigations afterward. “She believed she was raped. That’s why I’m part of the problem,” Spurlock wrote.

He also confessed to sexually harassing a former assistant, as well as cheating on all of his past partners. He later wrote on Twitter that he was “seeking help” for his behavior. Shortly afterward, it was announced that Spurlock was stepping down from his position at Warrior Poets. His film Super Size Me 2 was dropped from the Sundance Film Festival lineup, and he lost his executive-producer credit on Showtime’s The Trade. Who Rules the World? was set to be a collaboration with Sarah Jessica Parker’s Pretty Matches and Refinery29, but production was halted in December. Representatives for Spurlock and Warrior Poets have not yet responded to Vanity Fair’s request for comment.