Matt Lauer and Wife Are Seen Without Wedding Rings, Her Dad Says She Plans a Divorce 'She is not going to stay with him and work it out,' says Henry Roque of his daughter Annette Roque after Lauer's embroiled in sexual harassment scandal.

AceShowbiz -

In the wake of his sexual harassment scandal, Matt Lauer and his wife Annette Roque reportedly have removed their wedding rings. Lauer, who was recently fired from NBC's "Today", was spotted in Sag Harbor, New York near the couple's properties on Wednesday, December 5. He was noticeably seen without his wedding ring.

Donning a blue knitted top, the 59-year-old TV host was snapped heading out for a breakfast. Former model Roque was also photograpped in the Sag Harbor area on the same day, also without her wedding ring. This marks a huge change as Lauer was still seen wearing the ring two days ago.

Roque's father, Henri, revealed to Daily Mail that things in the pair's marriage turned bad after Lauer was accused of sexually harassing a female employee of "Today". Speaking from his apartment near Amsterdam, Henry shared, "'I have no words for her husband. What he has done is bad. Everybody feels betrayed."

Henry added, "She is not going to stay with him and work it out. They are not together trying to work it out."

"[Annette] is feeling shocked and she is now having sorrow for her children. Me too. Everybody is feeling quite sad," he went on saying. "There are also the kids, I don't know what she's doing or who they are going to stay with."

Regarding rumors of Roque fleeing to Netherlands with her three kids, Jack Matthew (16), Romy (14) and Thijs (11), following the scandal, Henry quickly denied the claims. "'It was all bulls**t stories. She's not in Holland. It's all fake news. It's s**t news. Bulls**t news. She's in America," he said.

Another source said the couple is still living under one roof and together, despite rumors saying that the pair have been living separately for the last decade. "They're taking it day by day right now," the source revealed. "His focus is on his family."

Lauer was fired from "Today" after a female employee met with NBC News' human resource last week. She allegedly accused Lauer of inviting her to his hotel room late at night while covering the Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia in 2014.