Charlie Hunnam on 'Terrible, Painful' Three-Year Marriage Charlie Hunnam vows his marriage was terrible.

During an interview with the Associated Press in Las Vegas March 30, the Sons of Anarchy actor recounted his hasty 1999 wedding to actress Katharine Towne, who he had met at a Dawson’s Creek audition. Listen to what he said in the video above!

Related: Most Bitter Celebrity Breakups of All Time Some of Hollywood’s biggest stars have suffered bitter breakups over the years, from Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake to Taylor Swift and Calvin Klein — take a look back

“First time I was ever in Vegas I got married, which didn’t turn out that well,” Hunnam, 37, said. “I had known the girl for three weeks. We had fallen madly in love and it was the first time I had ever been in love.”

The pair decided to elope before Hunnam, then 18, had to head back home to England. “We thought, ‘What if we never see each other again? Let’s get married and then we’ll have to see each other again even if it’s just to get divorced,’” he recalled. “So we came to Vegas, but I couldn’t even get a drink so I actually didn’t think I would be able to get married.”

But anything goes in Sin City. At 2 A.M., Hunnam and Towne said “I do” in front of Silver Bell Wedding Chapel’s Reverend RJ Cotton. (They wanted to get married by Elvis but “he left the building,” joked Hunnam.)

Related: Celebrity Couples and How They First Met: Love Story Beginnings Star-crossed lovers! Ever wonder how celebrity couples like Brangelina, Tom and Gisele, and the Beckhams first met? Whether it was through mutual friends or at work, check out their love story beginnings here!

The end result: “Three terrible years,” admitted Hunnam, whose divorce was finalized in 2002. “Three terrible, painful, expensive years. I got the cats at the end of it, so that was good. There was a small victory.”

He’s since gone on to find success in his 12-year relationship with jewelry designer Morgana McNelis. The pair reside in a $2.76 million Hollywood Hills pad that likely sees a lot of action. After all, The Lost City of Z star recently reveled he stays in shape by having tons of sex, among other activities.

Related: Shirtless Hunks: Hot Celebs and Their Insane Physiques Check out shirtless pics of Hollywood's sexiest leading men, including Chris Pratt, Josh Duhamel, Matt Bomer, Channing Tatum, and more.

“I try to do it all. I also try to make love as often as I can. That’s an important part of fitness. There’s no reason you can’t be active at 70. I want to run up mountains at that age,” Hunnam told Men’s Health. “We are supposed to be very active animals. It’s our DNA. Sweating is how I change my oil every day. I just feel happier, more positive, energized, and disciplined if I work out.”