Grey's Anatomy Season 15, Episode 6 Recap: Did You Spot All Those Familiar Faces? After more than 300 episodes, Grey's Anatomy still has the powerful ability to make me cry out like few other shows on television can. And last night I really didn't see it coming.

The main medical case featured a girl named Flora who needs intestinal surgery, performed by the titular Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompeo). But Grey's being Grey's, the case of the week is never just about the medicine. Meredith has also been informed by Dr. Richard Weber that her estranged father, Thatcher, has leukemia and only weeks to live. Mer struggles with whether or not to contact her father throughout the episode. During the surgery, she tells her bestie Alex Karev, "I don’t really need to grieve him because he’s been a ghost for years.” While the surgery goes off without a hitch, the whole concept of death and grieving is way more complicated, as much as Meredith wishes it wasn't.

It also happens to be Day of the Dead or Dia de los Muertos—the Mexican holiday that celebrates and honors loved ones who have passed away. Flora's family has a makeshift altar with photographs of family members who have died in her hospital room, which Meredith admires with the little girl's grandmother. When Mer says she's sorry for all her loss, the grandmother replies, "Don't be. They are here with us now." The grandmother then gives Mer a marigold for her hair, which she says helps guide our ancestors' spirits back to us. "The veil between our world and the spirit world is very thin," she explains. "The marigolds, the photos, the mementos, they help guide them to us."

GREY'S ANATOMY - "Flowers Grow Out of My Grave" Ð Meredith has a patient whose family is celebrating Day of the Dead, making the doctors remember loved ones they have lost. Richard shares unexpected news with Meredith about her father, Thatcher. Meanwhile, Teddy tries to tell Owen that she is pregnant but they get sidetracked, and Jo encourages Link to pursue one of the doctors, on "GreyÕs Anatomy," THURSDAY, NOV. 1 (8:00-9:01 p.m. EDT), on The ABC Television Network. (ABC/Mitch Haaseth)ELLEN POMPEO Mitch Haaseth

And just like that, the ghosts of Meredith's past are right there on our television screens once more as a Spanish-language version of Snow Patrol's "Chasing Cars" plays in the background. We see George O'Malley in his blue scrubs calling out to his old friend. Lexie Grey is behind the admin desk as Meredith says goodbye to a nurse. Her mother, Dr. Ellis Grey, watches her leave, as Doc the dog follows her down the hallway to…Derek, who says simply, "Hey" before Mark Sloane also appears beside him. Ahhhhh, McDreamy and McSteamy together again. I'm not crying—you're crying.