Meghan Markle’s $2,200 Roland Mouret Dress Before Royal Wedding With just hours to go before she walks down the aisle at St. George’s Chapel in Windsor, Meghan Markle arrived at the Cliveden House Hotel with her mom Doria Ragland after tea with Queen Elizabeth II on Friday, May 18. The beaming bride-to-be showed no pre-wedding jitters as she stunned in a $2,165 navy dress from the Roland Mouret resort 2018 collection.

The nipped-at-the-waist, off-the-shoulder dress by the Parisian designer includes a pretty flutter detail on the skirt and asymmetric hemline. The duchess-to-be paired the double wool crepe frock with light gray suede Manolo Blahnik BB pumps and a bouncy blowout that calls to mind her soon-to-be-sister-in-law Kate Middleton’s go-to style.

Related: Meghan Markle’s Engagement Style: Her Best Fashion Moments on the Road to Becoming a Royal It’s the day before the royal wedding and we just can’t wait to see what Meghan Markle will wear to marry Prince Harry. This royal-in-the-making is a bona fide style star, so she’s sure to wow in her wedding dress. While we await a glimpse of her bridal frock, let’s take a look back at some […]

The bride’s mom, meanwhile, looked simply chic in an ivory knee-length sheath dress the she topped with a cropped black jacket and matching pumps. She accessorized with a printed headscarf and simple clutch. She appeared at ease as she chatted with hotel staff at Cliveden House.

Related: 5 Tiaras Meghan Markle Might Wear for the Royal Wedding The only thing more exciting for the fashion obsessed than speculating about what dress Meghan Markle will be wearing on her wedding day is trying to figure out what tiara she will choose to accessorize it with. While protocol dictates unmarried non-royals can’t wear a sparkling headpiece, all bets are off once it’s time to […]

While this is the first time we have seen the former Suits actress wear a piece by the French-born, London-based Mouret since getting engaged to Prince Harry in November 2017, the two are known to be friends. In fact, British press has recently speculated that the designer may even be in the running to design Meg’s dress for the reception. He joins a long list of other fashion houses like Ralph & Russo (the British design team behind her engagement gown), Burberry, Stella McCartney and others rumored to be involved in the big day.

Related: BaubleBar Brought Back Meghan Markle’s Peacemaker Ring in Honor of the Royal Wedding Chris Jackson/Chris Jackson/Getty Images Another day, another major jewelry score courtesy of Meghan Markle. While we all can’t be lucky enough to sport a sparkler from a literal prince, it turns out that Markle does her part to make sure that every lady (even the ones on budgets) are adorned in the best jewels. Today’s news: […]

Here’s hoping the bride-to-be, who announced this morning that she asked Harry’s dad, Prince Charles, to walk her down part of the aisle on Saturday, is able to get a bit of beauty rest!