Kim Kardashian brings the '90s thong heels back in fashion, and we want one as well Kim Kardashian West | Photo Credit: Instagram

It is a known fact that fashion trends come back and Kim Kardashion West understands this all too well. Hence, it is not surprising that the reality TV star decided to flaunt a pair of thong heels, which were all the rage in the '90s. The heels, which had taken over the decade gone by, were made famous by fashion designer Richard Tyler at that time, and were first featured on the cover of Vogue magazine in 1998. Kim was spotted wearing black Yeezy shorts with a gray cropped bralet, and an orange jacket, along with the footwear. Also read: Kim Kardashian's new range of concealers slammed online for its lack of diversity

An article in Vogue US reported, "The seductive appeal of it [thong heels] comes from the wearer’s confidence. After all, it’s a frame for a person’s reptilian, knobby feet. The raised heel that puts the naked ball of the foot on a pedestal, curves the arch, and without shame—like a wriggling 'deal with it' broadcast—places the splayed toes on full display."

In the 1998 issue, they were described as “total exposure sandals” that “call for well-groomed toes”. Vogue's issue of the thong heels has called these "world's sexiest sandals". And indeed it is. The heels go with any outfit whether your style gives out a sporty vibe or an evening summertime wear. Going with the name, the sandals are part heels and part flip-flops, hence, easy to care and sophisticated in wearing. Also read: Kanye West's Yeezy clothing label in legal trouble





The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star was in Los Angeles visiting husband Kanye West in a studio wearing the shoes under spotlight. Also read: Kim Kardashian stirs up yet another controversy - read details inside

This footwear may be the new trend you want that will go with every dress in your wardrobe. According to reports, the much-coveted heels are easily available in stores and online.