Kourtney Kardashian Shuts Down Pregnancy Rumors – No Baby No. 4! Nothing to see here, y’all, except a cute arm! The subject of Kourtney Kardashian having a fourth child has really been all the rage lately –– as a highly debated topic on Keeping Up With The Kardashians, fans have naturally been back and forth about whether or not it’ll actually happen (and who’s gonna be the daddy for that matter). But Kourt and her signature wit shut down the rumors on Instagram over Thanksgiving this week.

On Nov. 22, sister Kendall Jenner posted a lovely photo and video round-up of the Kardashian’s Thanksgiving celebrations on her Instagram. In the video clip Kenny posted, you can see Kourtney’s hand on her stomach in a subconscious move that most soon-to-be mamas just can’t help but doing.

Naturally, it lead to some fan reactions. “Is Kourt pregnant??” One fan commented, reacting to the possible secret pregnancy. But Kourt swooped in with a comment of her own, unable to help herself from poking a little fun at the whole thing. “No, but how good does my arm look in that last photo?” Kourt replied to the follower, alluding to the last photo in Kendall’s set, where you can see Kourt’s arm scooping up a plate during the big turkey din. And yeah, Kourt. Your arm does look pretty dang good.

Instagram

It isn’t surprising fans would catch something small and equate it to something big –– it’s what we do, duh. But Kourtney isn’t exactly making the whole situation LESS complicated for us, either. In fact, on Thanksgiving morning, Kourt took to Instagram herself and made her feelings about Thanksgiving with her family known to the world. “I woke up this morning in bed with my children, in the same house as my sisters (minus @khloekardashian 😩😢i miss you), my brothers, the father of my kids, my mommy, my grandma, my nieces and nephew,” the 39-year-old mom of three captioned an Instagram pic of herself, the kids, and the one and only Scott Disick. “I feel beyond grateful. Happy Thanksgiving!”

The sweet and sincere family photo is an interesting move on Kourt’s part. Obviously, she and baby daddy Scott haven’t been a couple for a long time now, but like we said, every five minutes on KUWTK, someone is dying for them to get back together again. And we can’t say we disagree with the idea, especially with three kids under their belts already.

Now that Kourt is (potentially) single again, anything could happen. Yeah, Sofia, we said anything!