Catelynn Lowell Tells Daughter Nova She’s Pregnant: Video Nova is going to be a big sister! In a new sneak peek of Teen Mom OG, Catelynn Lowell and her husband, Tyler Baltierra, announce to their 3-year-old daughter that they are expecting a third child.

“Do you know why we’re making pink and blue cupcakes?” Lowell, 26, asks Nova ahead of the MTV personality’s baby gender reveal celebration. “Why are we having a party tomorrow? Wanna know why?”

Related: Tyler Baltierra and Catelynn Lowell’s Relationship Timeline Stronger together! From middle school sweethearts to married MTV stars, Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra are committed to making their relationship work. After more than a decade together, the couple has overcome many ups and downs, including breakups, makeups, living apart and becoming parents. After meeting in the 7th grade, the pair began dating in […]

When the little girl looks over at dad Baltierra, 26, he makes a funny face and shrugs his shoulders.

“Mommy has a baby in her belly,” Lowell reveals. “And tomorrow, the party is ‘cause we’re gonna find out if it’s gonna be a little girl or a little boy. Would you want a little brother or a little sister?”

Without hesitation, Nova responds, “A little sister,” to which her mom asks, “What if it’s a boy? Would you be happy to have a little brother too?” Nova smiles and says, “Yes” before continuing to decorate the cupcakes.

Related: Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra’s Wedding Album Teen Mom OG stars Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra tied the knot on Saturday, Aug. 22, at the stunning Castle Farms venue in Charlevoix, Mich. -- see the exclusive pictures!

The couple, who wed in August 2015, warn their daughter that “babies cry a lot,” but she already has a solution. “You just say, ‘Shh,’” she suggests.

Us Weekly broke the news on Thursday, September 13, that Lowell is pregnant again. “It was a huge shock at first,” she told Us exclusively. “We were not planning it. … This baby just wanted to be here.”

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2018 A new bundle of joy! Scroll through to see all the cute babies who were born to famous parents in 2018, so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive […]

The middle-school sweethearts — who placed their firstborn daughter, Carly, now 9, up for adoption in 2009 — both want to have a baby boy, but they will be happy regardless. “If we’re just meant to have girls, we’re meant to have girls,” Lowell told Us. “With Carly too, it’s like Tyler just makes girls. The guys make the gender.”

Season 8 of Teen Mom OG premieres on MTV on Monday, October 1, at 9 p.m. ET.