Prince Louis' Official Christening Portraits Are Here, and They're Gorgeous The official portraits from Prince Louis' christening have arrived. The new images, taken by British photographer Matt Holyoak, show the two-month-old son of Prince William and Kate Middleton with his parents and other members of the royal family.

Related Story Comparing Meghan Markle's Wimbledon Style

The photos were taken at a small reception following Louis' christening. They show the Windsors posing with the little prince in a series of adorable portraits.

In one of the most stunning shots, the Cambridges pose with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex for the photos, along with William and Harry's dad, Prince Charles, and his wife, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall.

Matt Holyoak/Camera Press/Redux

The Cambridges were also captured in a perfect family shot, which shows just how grown up Princess Charlotte and Prince George are now.

Matt Holyoak/Camera Press/Redux

One of the photos focuses on the Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Louis. Kate gazes adoringly at her new baby son, and both mother and child are beaming:

Matt Holyoak/Camera Press/Redux

Adorably, the Middletons and the Windsors are captured together in one photo, too:

Matt Holyoak/Camera Press/Redux

Louis' godparents are: Nicholas van Cutsem, Lucy Middleton, Guy Pelly, Harry Aubrey-Fletcher, Lady Laura Meade, and Hannah Carter. They did not appear in the official portraits.

Louis' famous great-grandparents, the Queen and Prince Philip, were missing in action from the ceremony. The decision was not made on health grounds. The Duke of Edinburgh stayed behind in Norfolk while Her Majesty traveled to London yesterday.

Prince Louis, who was born on April 23, was christened at the Chapel Royal in St. James' Palace in London. The ceremony was private, but some familiar faces were seen arriving for the occasion, including Meghan Markle, Prince Harry, Prince Charles, Duchess Camilla, Pippa Middleton, and her husband James Matthews.

After the ceremony, the guests gathered at Clarence House (Charles and Camilla's residence) for afternoon tea hosted by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. The couple served slices from a tier of their wedding cake (yes, from 2011) at the celebration.

The christening marked the first time all five Cambridges were photographed together, and now, they have official portraits to commemorate the occasion.

This post has been updated.

