Ryan Lochte's love Kayla Rae Reid celebrates baby shower She's expecting her first child with husband-to-be Ryan Lochte.

And Kayla Rae Reid spared no expense as she celebrated the impending arrival of their son with a lavish baby shower on Sunday.

The Playboy model was joined by friends and family for the bash at the Doheny Room in West Hollywood.

Scroll down for video

'Oh boy!' Ryan Lochte's model love Kayla Rae Reid celebrates her baby shower with lavish party at the Doheny Room in West Hollywood on Sunday

'With my mom and sister!' The 25-year-old shared pictures from the day to Instagram

The upmarket restaurant was transformed for the occasion, with blue and white decorations decking the interior.

Touches of gold, a nod to her baby's Olympian father, added a sparkle, with balloons spelling out the words 'Oh baby' hung along one wall.

The 25-year-old shared pictures from the day to Instagram, posing alongside her mother and sister.

Sweet treats: The upmarket restaurant was transformed for the occasion, with blue and white decorations decking the interior

Take a seat: White roses decorated the long dining table

'With my mom and sister,' she wrote. 'Thank you @Vanessa_muah for doing such a great job on their makeup for my shower!'

Another image showed the mother-to-be posing behind a table, upon which sat her cushion-style cake, a golden crown balanced on top.

'Thank you immensely to everyone who helped make my baby shower absolutely amazing!' she wrote.

For her shower Kayla wore a figure-hugging beige dress which highlighted her neat bump, throwing a long cream jacket over the top.

Parents to be: The Playboy model is expecting her first child with Olympian fiance Ryan Lochte

Ryan has previously expressed his delight at his impending fatherhood, with the 32-year-old making no attempt to hide his pleasure in the fact the child is a boy.

He said: 'We’re having a boy. I was [hoping for a boy] because I always wanted more than one kid and I definitely wanted a boy first so if we have a girl, the boy will be the big brother and take care of his sister so it’s working out perfectly.'

The two are planning their wedding for October.