Lamar Odom to dish on why marriage to Khloe Kardashian fell apart Lamar Odom says he's ready to spill the beans about why his marriage to Khloe Kardashian failed.

The former LA Laker, who was married to the reality star from 2009 to 2016, signed a deal in February for a 'juicy' tell-all.

He told UsWeekly Tuesday: 'I really wanted to release this book to give you all a chance to get to know Lamar Odom and my real story, directly from me.'

His story: Lamar Odom, pictured in February, says he's ready to spill the beans about why his marriage to Khloe Kardashian failed in a 'juicy tell-all' set to be published early in 2019

The 38-year-old former pro athlete added: 'I hope to (be) an inspiration to many that you can overcome adversity and challenge no matter where you fall from.'

Lamar and Khloe wed in 2009 after a month of dating but the reality star filed for divorce just four years later.

However, the Keeping Up With The Kardashians castmember put the divorce on hold when Lamar collapsed from a near-fatal overdose during a stay at Nevada brothel in the fall of 2015.

She and her reality TV family oversaw his hospital treatment and subsequent rehab.

After his recovery, their divorce was finalized in 2016.

Tumultuous: Lamar and Khloe wed in 2009 but the reality star filed for divorce in 2013. Khloe put the divorce on hold when Lamar collapsed from a near-fatal overdose in 2015 but it was eventually finalized the following year

Ready to dish: 'I really wanted to release this book to give you all a chance to get to know Lamar Odom and my real story, directly from me,' the former LA Lakers star said

A source claimed to UsWeekly that Lamar will also dish on 'what really went on (behind) those hospital doors and what the world didn’t get to see as well as rehab.'

'We get to read about a side of Lamar Odom we never got to see on Keeping Up With the Kardashians or Khloe & Lamar nor on the basketball court,' the source added.

Lamar's tell-all book is set to be published in February 2019.

Meanwhile, Khloe has moved on to basketball player Tristan Thompson, giving birth to their daughter True in April.