The best Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals: 100 things still on sale today This year's Black Friday 2025 date is on November 28, which means the deals season has already begun. To help you find all the best early Black Friday deals, I've created this guide with everything you need to know, plus today's 25 hottest deals.



While Black Friday is technically weeks away, several retailers have either already launched early Black Friday sales or have announced upcoming dates. Best Buy, Target, and Home Depot have all launched early Black Friday sales, with deals that you can shop for right now. Amazon is hosting a holiday sale with Black Friday-like prices, and Walmart has announced that its first sale will take place from November 14 to 16, with its official Black Friday event scheduled for November 25 to 30.



As TechRadar's deals editor with eight years of experience covering Black Friday, I'm hand-picking today's best early Black Friday deals, including TVs, Apple devices, kitchen appliances, vacuums, and smart home gadgets. I'm utilizing my expertise in deal hunting to curate this guide with the best Black Friday deals.



Below, you'll find the top early Black Friday sales, followed by today's best deals from around the web. Make sure to bookmark this guide, as I'll continuously update it with the latest news and stand-out deals.

Today's best early Black Friday sales

Today's top 25 early Black Friday deals

Walmart Plus: save 50% on an annual Walmart Plus membership

For a limited time, you can save 50% on an annual Walmart Plus membership, which brings the price down to just $49 a year. Walmart Plus perks include free shipping with no minimum order, a free Paramount+ or Peacock subscription, discounts on gas, and early access to sales. Read more Read less ▼

Save 55% Amazon Blink Mini 2: was $39.99 now $17.99 at Amazon I've had my eye on the Blink Mini 2 since its release, and now that it's on sale for just $17.99, it's a must-buy. The compact security camera features two-way audio and will alert your phone when motion is detected. The Blink 2 also includes a 1080p HD live view, night view in color with a built-in spotlight, and a wider field of view. Read more Read less ▼

Save 50% JBL Tune 510BT: was $49.95 now $24.95 at Amazon The JBL Tune 510BT are Amazon's best-selling headphones and would make a great stocking stuffer at just $24.95. The headphones feature Wireless Bluetooth 5.0 Streaming, so you can stream music and podcasts and take calls from your device, and you'll enjoy an impressive 40 hours of battery life. They also come with JBL's renowned Pure Bass sound. If you need something inexpensive and you need it now, it's hard to argue with this price tag… Read more Read less ▼

Save 45% Amazon Fire HD 8: was $99.99 now $54.99 at Amazon A new version of the Amazon Fire HD 8 tablet was only released about a year ago – and it's on sale for a record-low price ahead of Black Friday. While not the most powerful tablet available, the Fire HD 8 has what you need to cover the essentials, including web browsing, sending emails, watching videos, and some light gaming. Battery life is impressive, lasting up to 13 hours, making it ideal for on-the-go use or when you're just relaxing on the couch. Read more Read less ▼

Save 21% Ninja Fit Compact Personal Blender: was $69.99 now $54.99 at Amazon This portable blender packs an impressive punch for something so small; while its capacity is a single-serve 16-oz, it can crush ice and frozen fruit without breaking a sweat with its stainless steel BlastBlade. Plus, it even has a sippy-cup lid that pops open to keep your beverages fresh. Read more Read less ▼

Save 50% Amazon Fire HD 8 tablet Kids: was $149.99 now $74.99 at Amazon If your children are of the age where they're after something a bit more capable when it comes to tech, then this Amazon Fire HD 8 Kids tablet is a solid upgrade. It has all the parental controls, safety features, and protective measures, and an impressive 13-hour battery life. Today's pre-Black Friday deal is a return to the record-low price. Read more Read less ▼

Save 50% All-new Ring Battery Doorbell: was $99.99 now $49.99 at Amazon I already own the best-selling Ring Video Doorbell and can't imagine living without it. The smart doorbell includes a built-in battery and allows you to see, hear, and speak to anyone from your phone or computer. Today's early Black Friday deal from Amazon is a new record-low price. Read more Read less ▼

Save 11% Bissell Little Green Mini Portable Carpet Deep Cleaner: was $94.99 now $84.99 at Amazon Bissell portable carpet cleaners have become breakout stars at holiday sales, such as Black Friday, and the top-rated Little Green Mini model is currently on sale for $84.99. Perfect for pet owners and parents, the portable carpet cleaner can magically erase spills and stains from carpets, couches, auto interiors, and more. Read more Read less ▼

Save 48% Keurig K-Supreme Single Serve Coffee Maker: was $189.99 now $99 at Amazon Amazon has Keurig's highly-rated K-Supreme coffee maker on sale for $99, thanks to a massive 48% discount. The coffee maker can brew four different cup sizes and features multistream technology that results in more flavor and aroma in your coffee. Read more Read less ▼

Apple AirPods 4: was $129.99 now $89.99 at Best Buy The AirPods 4 are Apple's cheapest AirPods, and Best Buy has the earbuds on sale for a record-low price. The AirPods 4 feature a new design for all-day comfort and feature Apple's H2 chip, which supports personalized spatial audio and voice isolation. You also get a redesigned case with 30 hours of battery life and support for USB-C for wireless charging. Read more Read less ▼

Save 45% Shark Upright Vacuum Navigator Lift-Away Deluxe: was $219.99 now $119.99 at Amazon If you're looking for a powerful upright vacuum but don't want to spend a lot on a Dyson, Amazon has the best-selling Shark Navigator Lift-Away Deluxe on sale for $119.99. The upright vacuum works on both carpet and hard floors, featuring lift-away technology that allows you to easily clean hard-to-reach areas by simply lifting the pod. Read more Read less ▼

Save 40% Nespresso Vertuo Coffee and Espresso Maker: was $219.95 now $131 at Amazon Nespresso machines are always top sellers during Black Friday, and Amazon has the Vertuo model on sale for $131, the lowest price we've seen this year. The Nespresso Vertuo can whip up a frothy cup of espresso in minutes and can brew four different cup sizes. Read more Read less ▼

UK deal Shark FlexStyle: was $329.99 now $199.99 at Amazon You can get the best-selling Shark FlexStyle on sale for a record-low price of $199.99. It includes the all-important auto-wrap curl barrels, two brush attachments, and a concentrator, plus the dryer part. It's a versatile multi-styler and a strong alternative to the far pricier Dyson Airwrap. Read more Read less ▼

Save 20% Apple Watch SE 3: was $249 now $199.99 at Amazon While we typically don't see good Black Friday Apple deals until the actual date, this $50 discount on the new Apple Watch SE 3 is an excellent bargain. The Apple Watch SE 2 currently holds the position as the best budget smartwatch, but the SE 3 more than matches it – and it's a smarter buy while it's on sale ahead of Black Friday. Read more Read less ▼

Apple Watch Series 10: was $399 now $279.99 at Amazon Amazon's early Black Friday sale features the Apple Watch Series 10 at its lowest price yet. The Apple Watch 10 includes upgrades such as Apple's new S10 chipset, sleep apnea detection, depth gauge, and a new design featuring the most advanced display. Read more Read less ▼

Save 55% Dyson V9 Motorbar: was $599.99 now $269.99 at Amazon There's a massive 55% discount on the Dyson V9 Motorbar at Amazon's pre-Black Friday sale. The V9 has the same maximum runtime as the V8 but a faster-charging battery and a useful LDC screen for information. It's also more lightweight and features a smaller dust cup, making it a worthwhile consideration for those with a small home. Read more Read less ▼

HP 15 Laptop: was $599.99 now $329.99 at Best Buy Processor: AMD Ryzen 5

RAM: 8GB

Storage: 512GB There's a big $270 saving available on this solid HP 15 Laptop in the latest Best Buy sale. Yes, some of the components are from the previous generation, but there's still a mid-range AMD Ryzen 5 processor and 8GB of RAM that ensure overall performance is strong for everyday use. Plus, there's a reasonable 512GB of storage. Overall, it's a great option to handle all everyday jobs, some more advanced work, and light multitasking. Read more Read less ▼

Apple MacBook Air 13-inch (M2): was $799 now $699 at Best Buy Display - 13.6 inches

Processor - Apple M2

RAM - 16GB

Storage - 256GB Newer M3 and M4 models are now available, but this is an unbelievable price for the MacBook Air 13-inch with an M2 chip. While it's an older version, it remains an incredibly powerful laptop for those requiring a premium powerhouse for school, productivity, coding, or creative work. You also get double the amount of RAM at 16GB, although the 256GB of storage feels a little paltry in 2025. Still, we rated it highly in our MacBook Air M2 review, thanks to the stylish design, clear display, impressive performance, and long 18-hour battery life. Read more Read less ▼

LG 48-inch B5 OLED 4K Smart TV: was $1,299.99 now $649.99 at Best Buy Best Buy's early Black Friday sale has slashed a whopping $650 off LG's 48-inch B5 OLED TV, bringing the price down to $649.99. Released this year as the successor to the popular B4 OLED, the LG B5 is on track to be the best budget OLED TV on the market. The 48-inch display delivers an exceptional picture with brilliant colors and sharp contrast. You also get excellent gaming features, thanks to the four HDMI 2.1 ports and new AI tools, including AI Search, AI Concierge, and an improved AI Chatbot. Read more Read less ▼

Insignia 55-inch F50 Series HD 4K Smart Fire TV : was $349.99 now $189.99 at Best Buy Best Buy's best mid-size Black Friday TV deal is the best-selling Insignia 55-inch F50 Series 4K TV for an incredible price of $199.99. The Insignia F50 Series TV features 4K HD resolution, DTS Studio Sound, smart capabilities with the Fire OS, and a voice remote with hands-free Alexa, allowing you to use your voice to control your TV. Read more Read less ▼

Roku Pro Series 65-inch Mini LED QLED TV: was $1,199.99 now $599.99 at Best Buy A massive $600 saving on one of the best budget TVs around sounds almost too good to be true. The Roku Pro Series TV delivers an incredible 4K picture, thanks to its QLED display and mini-LED technology, which shines with impressive colors and brilliant contrast. It's also a Roku device, so you'll get rapid and easy access to the latest entertainment through all the major streaming apps. Read more Read less ▼

Samsung U8000F 65-inch 4K TV: was $1,199.99 now $899.99 at Best Buy Samsung's lineup of Crystal UHD TVs is less feature-rich compared to the pricier OLED and QLED displays, but they are a capable and affordable option for general everyday viewing. This massive 85-inch model is now available at a tempting low price in the latest Best Buy sale if you don't need all the fancy features of a premium TV and just want a lot of screen for the money. You get a large and modern TV that supports high-quality 4K resolution and all the most popular streaming apps. Read more Read less ▼

TCL 65-inch A300W NXTVISION Series 4K QLED Lifestyle TV: was $1,299.99 now $899.99 at Best Buy If you're looking for a cheaper version of Samsung's The Frame TV, TCL's Nxtframe TV is a great option, and the 65-inch model is on sale for $899.99. The QLED TV features an ultra-slim design and an off-white bezel that seamlessly blends into your decor, accompanied by a light wood-colored magnetic frame. You can also choose to display content from a curated Art Library or a personal photo gallery mode. Read more Read less ▼

Save 48% LG 65-Inch C5 OLED TV: was $2,699.99 now $1,399.99 at Best Buy Best Buy's early Black Friday sale has dropped LG's 65-inch C5 OLED TV to $1,399.99, thanks to today's whopping $1,300 discount. Awarded five out of five stars in our review, the OLED display delivers an outstanding picture thanks to LG's Alpha 9 AI processor Gen8, impressive gaming features, and a comprehensive smart platform featuring all-new AI capabilities. Read more Read less ▼

Black Friday 2025 FAQs

When is Black Friday 2025? Black Friday always occurs after Thanksgiving, and this year, the 2025 Black Friday date is November 28. It marks the beginning of the Christmas shopping season with some of the best discounts you'll find from retailers like Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart, and Target.

When do Black Friday deals start? While the official Black Friday date is November 28, you can find early Black Friday deals right now. Similar to recent years, retailers have launched early Black Friday sales weeks before the official date, extending the holiday shopping season.



Best Buy has launched its official first Black Friday sale with new doorbuster deals released every Friday. Its official Black Friday sale will take place on Thursday, November 20, a week before the actual Black Friday.



Target has also holiday doorbusters featuring one-day-only deals with up to 50% off Target's own brands and select items from Apple, Ninja, Dyson, and Disney. On November 2 through Christmas Eve, the retailer will release new deals every Sunday, including up to 50% off vacuums, Apple devices, tech gadgets, and clothing. Target is also launching a three-day early Black Friday sale on November 6, with discounts on holiday decor, toys, kitchen appliances, and Lego.



Walmart has also announced its Black Friday dates, with an early sale on November 14 and 16. Additionally, Walmart Plus members will receive early access on November 13 at 7:00 PM ET. Walmart's official Black Friday deals event runs from November 25 through November 30 (in-store from November 28 to 30), and its Cyber Monday sale is on December 1.



Last but not least, Amazon has announced that its 2025 Black Friday Week sale will kick off on November 20 and run up until its Cyber Monday event on December 1. That means you'll get 12 days of incredible Black Friday deals from your favorite brands like Bissell, Nike, Samsung, Beats, and Dyson, to name a few.



I'll update this page with all the latest Black Friday news and dates, and of course, all the best Black Friday deals as soon as they become available.

What Black Friday deals can you expect? While new products always enter the mix, the most popular Black Friday deal categories stay the same. That includes tech products like TVs, headphones, Apple devices and laptops, kitchen appliances from brands like Ninja, Keurig, Nespresso, and KitchenAid, and upright and robot vacuums. You'll also find clothing and viral beauty products on sale, as well as best-selling toys.



In terms of specific products, new Apple devices are always popular Black Friday deals. This year, I expect to see discounts on the new AirPods Pro 3, the Apple Watch 11, and the latest MacBook and iPad Pro.



Pricey TVs that get a significant discount during Black Friday are popular offers. This year, I have my eye on the LG C5 OLED TV, the Samsung S90F, and Samsung's art-inspired The Frame QLED TV.



Amazon's lineup of smart home devices, including the Kindle e-reader, Fire tablets, Echo speakers, smart displays, and Ring Doorbells, is all down to record-low prices during Black Friday﻿.



Other notable Black Friday deals include air fryers, coffee makers, robot vacuums, and Dyson products such as vacuums, hair stylers, and air purifiers.



If you want to shop all the best Black Friday deals in one place, I'll update this guide with all the top offers as soon as they become available, so make sure to bookmark this page.

Why you can trust TechRadar

I've been covering Black Friday for eight years, and our team of deals experts has over twenty years of collective experience. TechRadar has also reviewed over 16,000 products and counting, so we're not only here to help you find the best price but also to give you all the information you need to help make your buying decision.



I'll analyze each offer in this guide, using price history and comparison tools to ensure you know what kind of deal you're getting. I'll let you know if the item is on sale for a record-low price or cheaper at a competing retailer.

How we find the best Black Friday deals

TechRadar researches price history and uses comparison tools to ensure every item listed in this Black Friday sales guide is a genuine bargain. We also use our extensive history, which includes regularly browsing retailers like Amazon, Best Buy, and Walmart, to hand-pick the best deals based on price and popularity from well-known brands like Apple, Samsung, LG, Ninja, Dyson, and Bissell.