Jessica Alba Gives Birth, Welcomes Third Child With Cash Warren: Photos It’s time to celebrate! Jessica Alba and her husband, Cash Warren, have welcomed their third child together, Us Weekly can confirm.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2017 Babies on board! Click through to see all the adorable bundle of joys who were born in 2017

Alba posted a pic of her newborn on Instagram on Monday, January 1, writing, “Hayes Alba Warren 12/31/17 Best gift to ring in the New Year!! Cash and I feel so blessed. Haven and Honor are already obsessed with their new baby bro.”

Proud papa Warren also shared a pic that showed him cradling his son. “Hayes Alba Warren: You sure know how to ring in the new year!” he captioned the photo. “You showed up a few days early but we couldn’t be any happier. Your Mamma is the strongest woman I know … you’re so lucky to have her by your side. You have two amazing sisters who already adore you and I know you’ll be thankful to have them guide the way. On your first day of life, I promise to love you, to cherish you, and to provide you with a sandbox full of dreams to explore. Welcome to the family my sweet baby Hayes!”

The 36-year-old Honest Company co-founder announced she was expecting her third bundle of joy via Instagram in July. In the playful Boomerang, Alba cradled her growing baby bump and held a balloon with the number 3 alongside daughters Honor, 9, and Haven, 6.

And since sharing her happy news, the Sin City actress has not been shy about showing off her pregnancy curves.

Related: Famous Celebrity Pregnancies: Let me see that sexy body go bump, bump, bump! From Kim Kardashian to Angelina Jolie, celebrities' pregnancies are on display on red carpets, the streets of New York and L.A., and in their own pregnancy shots. Take a look at some of the most famous celebrity pregnancies.

In August, the brunette beauty had her growing baby bump on full display while wearing a gray dress as she posed for an Instagram snap with a friend.

“Love being preggers w my baby boo #BossLady @jkroogr,” the star wrote of the sweet moment.

In September, the on-the-go-mom showed no signs of slowing down as she shared a pic of her belly while waiting for a flight.

“#bumpattheairport,” she captioned the photo.

#bumpattheairport A post shared by Jessica Alba (@jessicaalba) on Sep 10, 2017 at 11:04am PDT

Later that month, the business mogul was able to squeeze in a little R&R, posting a Boomerang video of her bump while soaking up some sun and fresh air at the beach. She captioned the escape: “#friyay.”

#friyay A post shared by Jessica Alba (@jessicaalba) on Sep 29, 2017 at 10:28am PDT

And shortly before giving birth, the California native wished her mother, Catherine Jensen, a happy birthday in a sweet Instagram post that showed her mom resting her hands on Alba’s tummy.

“#happybirthday to my beautiful mom @cathyalba 🎂😚💖,” Alba captioned the precious moment.

The Baby, Baby, Baby actress opened up to Us Weekly in November 2016 about prioritizing time with her daughters — even when she’s traveling for work.

Related: Cutest Celebrity Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

“I go on so many business trips, and they’re usually two or three days. I’ll bring just one at a time and it’ll be like, ‘Mom’s gonna bring you on a special trip,’” she told Us. “We’ll get to have a sleepover, we’ll get to order room service, we’ll get to rent a movie. It’s really fun!”

Alba and Warren, who met on set of 2005’s Fantastic Four, dated for three years before tying the knot in 2008.