Steve Harvey 'skipped his own staff wrap-up party' Steve Harvey (above) reportedly skipped the wrap-up party thrown by his staff at The Steve Harvey Show after he refused to apologize for a memo ordering them not to approach him

Steve Harvey skipped the wrap-up party thrown by his staff after he refused to apologize for a memo ordering them not to approach him in his dressing room, it was reported on Friday.

The star of The Steve Harvey Show, which just finished taping its fifth and final season in Chicago, decided not to attend the party so that he wouldn't have to talk to anyone, Page Six reported on Friday.

'Steve is not going to his own wrap party Thursday night . . . After that memo, he’d be stood on his own in the corner,' a source told Page Six.

'He used to be such a nice guy.'

Although Harvey projects an affable on-screen persona, viewers were stunned Thursday when he refused to apologize for sending an email to colleagues demanding they stop coming to his dressing room uninvited.

The 60-year-old host was criticized in the press and on social media after a copy of the email was published by a blogger on Wednesday.

In it, he asked to be left alone while he was preparing for his the Steve Harvey Show on NBC, telling colleagues: 'Do not come to my dressing room unless you are invited'.

The star had until then operated an open-door policy, allowing crew to stop by unannounced.

A copy of the memo, obtained by media blogger Robert Feder, surfaced on Wednesday - the day before Harvey's talk show was scheduled to end production in Chicago after five years

In the email, the 60-year-old host told staff not to open the door to his dressing room (pictured above in 2014) and to make an appointment if they wanted to speak to him

On Thursday, he defended the email in an interview with Entertainment Tonight.

'I don't apologize about the letter. I just didn't want to be in this prison anymore where I had to be in this little room, scared to go out and take a breath of fresh air without somebody approaching me, so I wrote the letter,' he said.

Harvey explained that for years, he struggled to do anything off-camera without being interrupted.

'I could not find a way to walk from the stage to my dressing room, to sit in my makeup chair, to walk from my dressing room to the stage or to just sit and have lunch without somebody just walking in.

'I've always had a policy where, you know, you can come and talk to me -- so many people are great around here, but some of them just started taking advantage of it.'

'Look man, I'm in my makeup chair, they walk in the room. I'm having lunch, they walk in, they don't knock. I'm in the hallway, I'm getting ambushed by people with friends that come to the show and having me sign this and do this.

'I just said, "Wait a minute." And in hindsight, I probably should've handled it a little bit differently.'

The email was sent to production staff of the Steve Harvey show at the beginning of the current season.

A copy was obtained by media blogger Robert Feder, surfaced on Wednesday. Production for the show ended on Thursday.

'I'd like you all to review and adhere to the following notes and rules for Season 5 of my talk show,' the email to staff began.

'There will be no meetings in my dressing room. No stopping by or popping in. NO ONE. Do not come to my dressing room unless invited.'

The 60-year-old went on to say that anyone who opens the door to his dressing room would be removed by his security team.

Harvey (pictured above hosting the Miss Universe pageant in Manila on January 30, 2017) will launch a new talk show on NBC entitled Steve in September, which will be filmed in Los Angeles

They would also stop anyone from standing outside the dressing room with the hope of speaking to the TV host.

'I want all the ambushing to stop now. That includes TV staff. You must schedule an appointment.

'Do not approach me while I'm in the makeup chair unless I ask to speak with you directly. Either knock or use the doorbell.

'I am seeking more free time for me throughout the day.

'Do not wait in any hallway to speak to me. I hate being ambushed. Please make an appointment. I promise you I will not entertain you in the hallway, and do not attempt to walk with me.'

The author signed off the email asking staff not to take offense to his new way of doing business.

The comedian will launch a new talk show on NBC entitled Steve in September, which will be filmed in Los Angeles.

He had already been flying between Chicago and Los Angeles due to other hosting commitments, including Family Feud and Big Little Shots.

'STEVE is going to be different than my current daytime show. The new location will allow me to welcome more celebrity guests and more importantly let me do what I enjoy doing best, being funny,' Harvey said in a statement announcing the new show.

RadarOnline reported last week that Harvey had sacked his Chicago-based staff and had hired all new crew in LA for his new day time show.

Sources told the outlet that current employees had been willing to move with Harvey to California but weren't given the chance.

'He didn't offer interviews to many people who have been with him since beginning, and hurt lots of people who would move on their own to LA to be part of the new show,' one employee said.

'Steve never even addressed the staff about it. He never said a word about them all losing their jobs. These are die-hard loyal staff members.

'The staff were told by the Executive Producer, not Steve. The EP said that Steve would talk to them and then he never did. Not even an email saying 'thanks for what you do', or 'good luck.'