Glee star Mark Salling was 'depressed' and 'lonely' in his last days before apparent suicide Glee star Mark Salling was 'depressed' and 'lonely' in his last days before apparent suicide

The disgraced TV actor was a 'total shut in' as he awaited sentencing after pleading guilty to possession of child pornography

Police recover Mark Salling's body after actor was found hanged

New details about Mark Salling's death reveal that his last days were bleak.

‌



Salling, 35, was due to be sentenced next month for possessing more than 50,000 images of child sexual abuse, having accepted a plea deal in December 2017 to get a reduced jail term.

‌



The Glee star – whose body was discovered near his home this week - was waiting for his sentencing at home in LA when he died from an apparent suicide by hanging.

‌



And in his last days he became a "total shut in", a source told E! News .

(Image: FilmMagic)

"He isolated himself in that house in Sunland and was a very depressed, lonely human," the source continued.

‌



Yesterday it was revealed that it was an ex girlfriend of Salling who tipped off the cops after finding disturbing images on his laptop.

TMZ claimed that before raiding his LA house, the police were “100% they would find what they were looking for based on an interview with a former girlfriend of Salling's as well as other evidence.”

Insiders claimed the police had done a thorough investigation after speaking with the ex girlfriend.

‌



The Glee star was reportedly first exposed to police by an ex (Image: REX/Shutterstock)

The former flame of Mark’s has never been named but it’s reported she tipped off police after discovering the disturbing images on Mark’s laptop.

In an interview with In Touch Weekly , Mark’s friend of 13 years, Hudson Wells, hinted that it could have been a number of exes who exposed him.

‌



“I wouldn’t say he’s been in any lasting relationships — I’d call him an opportunist. With his fame, he gets women whenever he wants."

Mark pleaded guilty in December 2016 and was awaiting sentencing (Image: Getty)

Mark pleaded guilty in December to possession of child pornography involving a prepubescent minor and had struck a plea agreement with prosecutors in October that would see him serve just four to seven years in prison, as opposed to the maximum 20-year sentence the charge carries.

Article continues below

However, following his release from prison, he would have had to register as a sex offender and stay 100 feet away from schoolyards, parks, public swimming pools, playgrounds and video arcades.

He would also be unable to communicate with anyone under the age of 18 unless the minor was in the presence of a parent or legal guardian.

He was due to be sentenced on March 7 and sources say mum Condy and his family reportedly refused to turn against him.