Pretty in pink! Kesha covers up in long, ruffled dress She's back in the No. 1 spot on the Billboard 200 with her new album Rainbow.

And while Kesha wasn't nominated for any awards at the MTV Video Music Awards, she was glowing in a rosey ruffled dress on Sunday at The Forum in Inglewood, California.

The 30-year-old singer donned a bevy of soft blush tulle to pose for pictures ahead of introducing rapper Logic’s performance of the song '1-800-273-8255', named for the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline phone number.

Scroll down for video

Princess: Kesha wasn't nominated for any awards at the MTV Video Music Awards, but she was glowing in a rosey ruffled dress on Sunday at The Forum in Inglewood, California

Looking like a princess, Kesha covered her shoulders in flowing pieces of fabric tied together with black ribbons.

The straps of her pink gown connected to an empire waistline, revealing just enough of the singer's tanned skin.

Known for wearing loud colors and fabrics, the songwriter stunned in a romantic and whimsical ensemble.

The 30-year-old singer donned a bevy of soft blush tulle to pose for pictures ahead of the award show

Her long platinum blonde hair cascaded down her shoulders with pieces connected into a soft braid.

The singer's delicate makeup featured a soft smokey eye and rosy pink lipstick.

She paired diamond drop earrings and diamond bracelets with her princess attire.

Ruffled: Known for wearing loud colors and fabrics, the songwriter stunned in a romantic and whimsical ensemble

Bombshell: Her long platinum blonde hair cascaded down her shoulders with pieces connected into a soft braid

Mental health and suicide prevention is close to the songwriters heart as she has admitted struggles with suicidal thoughts in the past.

'It has been said if you knew who walked beside you, you would never experience fear or doubt again,' Kesha said before Logic's VMA's performance.

'The truth is piercing and it's the truth that matters. It takes great courage to show the vulnerable side of being human. There is an undeniable strength in the fact you are never alone. If you never give up on your struggles light will break through the darkness.'

Rainbow: Kesha's new album marks the return of the singer after her career came to a full stop during a legal battle with Dr. Luke, real name Lukasz Gottwald

Kesha's new album Rainbow marks the return of the singer after her career came to a full stop during a legal battle with Dr. Luke, real name Lukasz Gottwald.

Rainbow mixes Kesha's signature pop sounds of seven years ago with raw, powerful songs in which she channels the frustration, hurt and anger she has felt during a lengthy court battle with former producer, Dr. Luke, whom she accused of emotional and sexual abuse.

Dr. Luke denied the allegations and counter-sued for defamation.

Starlight: Rainbow mixes Kesha's signature pop sounds of seven years ago with raw, powerful songs in which she channels the frustration, hurt and anger she has felt during a lengthy court battle with former producer, Dr. Luke, whom she accused of emotional and sexual abuse