Gisele Bundchen shares shot of Tom Brady decorating tree with daughter Vivian It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas for Tom Brady and Gisele Bundchen.

The Brazilian supermodel on Tuesday shared a touching shot of the football star decorating the family Christmas tree with their four-year-old daughter, Vivian.

The 36-year-old stunner, who also has a seven-year-old son named Benjamin with the New England Patriots quarterback, added an emoji of a heart to the caption.

Simply having a wonderful Christmastime: Tom Brady, 39, decorates the home tree with his four-year-old daughter Vivian in a shot his wife Gisele Bundchen, 36, posted to Instagram Tuesday

Family circus: The NFL stalwart and supermodel, pictured here leaving church in NYC with kids Benjamin and Vivian in April, remain one of the world's most celebrated couples

In the shot, Brady, 39, is clad in a white T-shirt and jeans while carefully unspooling lights; Vivian, dressed in a princess outfit with wings, is perched on a stepping stool on the other side of the tree hanging ornaments.

Tom will be home for Christmas this year, as the NFL pushed all but two games this week up to Saturday, which marks Christmas Eve, rather than the usual Sunday. The famed quarterback is set to line up against the New York Jets on his home field at Gillette Stadium in Foxborough, Massachusetts.

The four-time Super Bowl champion is having another strong season after missing the first four games due to a suspension linked to his use of deflated footballs during the Pats' 2014 AFC championship game.

In the spotlight: The comely couple was snapped in September at the NYC premiere of the National Geographic Channel's Years of Living Dangerously

Pure love: The beautiful Brazilian model flashes a look of happiness at her young daughter

The signal-caller is hardly the only breadwinner in the household, as Gisele has been busy as of late with a series of artsy, retro-themed photo shoots for famed Peruvian photographer Mario Testino.

Last week the statuesque mother-of-two, who stands at 5 ft. 11. in, posed in Rio de Janeiro in a series of elaborate get-ups reminiscent of the over-the-top fashions of the 1980s.

This month marks a major milestone for the super-couple, as it's the ten-year anniversary of their first date, which was set up by a mutual pal. Brady, who has a nine-year-old son named John with Blue Bloods beauty Bridget Moynahan, went on to tie the knot with the catwalk queen just more than two years later, exchanging vows February 26, 2009 at Santa Monica, California's St. Monica Catholic Church.