How Long Were Luann & Tom D'Agostino Married? 'The Real Housewives Of New York' Star Only Just Walked The Aisle At the start of 2017, Real Housewives of New York star Luann married Tom D'Agostino in a New Year's Eve ceremony — seemingly putting to rest all the drama that took place during their courtship. Their relationship was heavily scrutinized by the RHONY cast from the beginning, but the couple seemed to face their critics with a united front. But, Tom and Luann weren't married for very long before it was reported that the pair will filing for divorce after just seven months of marriage.

This is the second divorce for The Countess (can we call her that again, now?), having previously been married to Alexandre de Lesseps for 16 years. RHONY fans are well aware that Luann and Tom were not starting off their brief marriage on the most stable of feet. Last season, fellow housewife Bethenny Frankel alleged that she had photos of Tom and another woman kissing at a NYC bar before the couple's engagement party. (Tom has never flat-out denied these claims — he said on the show that he didn’t remember, and then he said to Luann on the phone, “It’ll never happen again.” He and Luann did an interview with People soon afterward in which Tom said, “If I could take it back, I would. I deeply regret the mistakes I've made, and most of all hate the way it hurt Luann.")

Some fans were shocked to see that they went ahead with the wedding despite these allegations, but Luann was confident that they could move past the drama. Unfortunately, it doesn't look like things were able to be completely resolved in the end and Luann made an announcement about their split on her Twitter page, asking fans to please respect their privacy.

Luann's costars have begun to weigh in on the situation, with Ramona taking to Twitter to give her response to the news.

Since this season of RHONY has almost wrapped completely, it is unclear whether the divorce will be part of next season's storyline. Hopefully, everything moves smoothly and Luann and Tom can part ways without too much extra drama.