'Big Little Lies' Season 2: Everything We Know So Far For season two, Kelley worked with an almost novella-like template written by Big Little Lies author Liane Moriarty. This seems to include some details about how the characters have reckoned with everything that went down in the first season. “We've talked about trauma; we've seen trauma; we've experienced trauma—but how do we cope with it? That's the big theme for season two," Witherspoon said at the TCA panel in February. She also said that it was interesting to see how each character navigated their own issues and continued their stories past where the book and the show ended.

"The book ended with a lot to do with Bonnie’s character [played by Kravitz], so it was fascinating to see how she was going to respond and how the actual events happened and how it affected her in her life," Witherspoon continued. "We were in a little bit of a difficult spot since we had a book to follow the first time. We were lucky Liane Moriarty almost wrote a novella to use as a template. And we all had unresolved issues. [My character] had an affair, and that was never resolved."

“Bonnie’s character wasn’t as explored as much as it was in the book, and what she’s done, what is going to happen. And for Celeste, what is the aftermath of abuse once the person is gone? In this case, dead. It doesn’t mean you’re healed," Kidman said.

"The dynamic is really interesting this season," said Kravitz. "There still is a conflict within us, but we now have this thing that binds us together and watching us do this dance together because of this lie that we all hold."

Alexander Skarsgård is back too. His character, Perry Wright, was killed at the end of season one, but TV Line confirms he'll still pop up around Monterey, California—presumably in the form of flashbacks. Of course, Skarsgård did tell people.com, "I don’t even know if I’m really dead or not," but he was most likely just teasing.

Season two will be just as dramatic (and violent) as the first. In its original release, HBO teased that "relationships will fray" and "loyalties will erode" in season two. Plus, "the potential for emotional and bodily injury shall loom." So that basically means someone's going to get hurt.

Andrea Arnold will direct season two. She's directed episodes for some of the best shows on TV, including Transparent and I Love Dick, along with some incredible indie films, such as American Honey. She's replacing Jean-Marc Vallée, who helmed all seven episodes in season one and is returning to season two as an executive producer.