Saved By The Bell's Mark-Paul Gosselaar and Tiffani Thiessen to reunite The Bayside High love affair of Zack Morris and Kelly Kapowski entertained a whole generation of youngsters.

And now Saved By The Bell couple Mark-Paul Gosselaar and Tiffani Thiessen will enjoy a long-awaited reunion when he appears on the new series of her hit cookery show Dinner At Tiffani's.

Unfortunately for their more hardcore of fans, the beefcake will be bringing along his real-life wife Catriona McGinn for the gay affair.

Aloha: Saved By The Bell couple Mark-Paul Gosselaar and Tiffani Thiessen are to reunite on her cooking show

Announcing the exciting guest appearance to Us Weekly, the 42-year-old said: 'I believe the most wanted and anticipated one. My old co-star Mark-Paul Gosselaar and his wife, will be on the show.'

And the mother-of-two said she has a special little helper when preparing her delightful dishes on the Cooking Channel show - her five-year-old daughter Harper.

She said: 'She always says, "Mommy, you’re such a good cooker." And it’s the way she says it, it’s quite cute.

'But she loves to get creative. I kind of give her the sink and she likes to pretend she’s making soup.

Cooking up a treat: She will be slooging away in the kitchen when he appears on her show Dinner At Tiffani's

A gentleman who prefers blondes: Mark will be bringing along his wife Catriona McGinn to the meal

Domestic goddess: She has two children with her real-life husband, television actor Brady Smith

'She takes anything and everything, and then she salt and peppers everything at the end.'

Father-of-four Mark-Paul and Tiffani worked together for 1989 until 1994 as on-off boyfriend and girlfriend Zack and Kelly.

Their characters eventually got hitched on the television special Saved by the Bell: Wedding in Las Vegas.

The pair even enjoyed a real life love affair, as Mark-Paul previously revealed that when Saved By the Bell was in production he dated his three female co-stars Tiffani, Elizabeth Berkley and Lark Voorhies at different times.

Dinner at Tiffani's airs on the Cooking Channel at 8 pm on Wednesdays.

Bayside beauty: Zack snagged the school's most sought after girl on the smash hit TV show

Having his cake and eating it: Zack played the field for a while at college before tying the knot with Kelly in the Wedding In Vegas special in 1994