Kendall Jenner praises Kim Kardashian while appearing on Harper's Bazaar She has most definitely arrived on the couture scene and looks like she's there to stay.

On Thursday it was revealed Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Kendall Jenner landed the May cover of Harper's Bazaar. This has happened less than a year after first hitting the catwalk, which is quite a feat in the supermodel world.

But inside the magazine - in which she has an impressive 10-page feature - the 19-year-old reality star chose to talk not so much about high-end clothes, but rather about her more famous sibling, 34-year-old Kim Kardashian.

Scroll down for video

She made it!: Kendall Jenner appears on the May cover of Harper's Bazaar, her first major fashion magazine shoot since she started modeling full time in 2014

But she didn't hold back from commenting on her more famous sister: The 19-year-old catwalker dished on Kim Kardashian, pictured here on Thursday in Armenia with sister Khloe behind her

'I really admire Kim's style,' the daughter of Kris and Bruce Jenner told the fashion monthly.

'It’s insane. She really knows how to work her style with her body.'

Kendall's praise comes as a surprise after it was rumoured the two TV icons were thought to be feuding. The teen had mentioned in 2014 that having Kim at her fashion shows was not always a good idea as it was a distraction.

Nice look: The budding ubermodel was photographed by designer Karl Lagerfeld in a 10-page feature

In it for the long haul: The 5'10" model told the monthly, 'I started this hoping that it would have longevity. I didn’t come into this thinking it’s going to be a fun thing that I’m going to do on the side'

Her mentor: Jenner also said that Lagerfeld, who shot her Valentino, Armani Privé, Chanel, gives her 'tips, pointers - he makes me feel good when I’m working with him'

But Kendall, who is the face of Estee Lauder, had nothing but good things to say about Mrs Kanye West (who is at the moment in Armenia with sister Khloe, 30).

'I think she could be a major fashion icon,' added the 5'10" catwalker.

'It’s so fun to be in Paris with her, but I’ll walk out and be like, "Oh, my God, I love my outfit," and then I’ll see Kim and I’ll be like, "My outfit sucks compared to yours!"'

Chatting up Mrs Kanye West: Jenner said, 'I really admire Kim's style. It’s insane. She really knows how to work her style with her body'; here she is seen on Sunday with (from left) with Khloe, Kim (holding daughter North, aged one) and Kylie in LA

Praise for the lady: 'I think she could be a major fashion icon,' added the 5'10" catwalker said of Kim, 34; here Kendall is pictured in 2009 at sister Khloe's wedding to Lamar Odom in Beverly Hills

She really does approve of her style: Kendall also said of Kim, 'It’s so fun to be in Paris with her, but I’ll walk out and be like, "Oh, my God, I love my outfit," and then I’ll see Kim and I’ll be like, "My outfit sucks compared to yours!"'; here she is seen (far right) with (from left) Scott Disick, Khloe (holding Mason), Kourtney, Kim and parents Bruce and Kris Jenner

Jenner also talked about what it is like to work with stunners Cara Delevingne and Gigi Hadid.

'You have to be around these girls for work, for parties, for events, for shows, especially. It’s good to have a set of girlfriends that you can stand being around,' the sister of Kylie, 17, said.

'You have to be around these people all the time!'

As far as modeling, the beauty said she plays to be like Cindy Crawford and Elle Macpherson, as in be a top model for life.

Pals: The looker said that she is happy to be friends with Gigi Hadid because they are together all the time

Another pretty pal: Kendall with Cara Delevingne at a fashion show; that is Lagerfeld behind them

Pouting and smiling: Kendall with mom Kris Jenner as well as Karlie Kloss and Gigi (and some other friends) in an Instagram shot shared in early March

'I started this hoping that it would have longevity,' the teen said.

'I didn’t come into this thinking it’s going to be a fun thing that I’m going to do on the side. It’s something I want to do my whole life.'

The mannequin - who models Valentino, Armani Privé, Chanel - also dishes about Karl Lagerfeld, who photographed her Bazaar.

'I’m really shy when I first meet someone — and to meet him was even worse,' she said.

'He would say something to me and I would just nod. It was like meeting a crush or something — I was mute. He probably thought I was the biggest weirdo. And then every time we’d see each other, it would just get better and better. Now we’re totally BFFs.'

She also said he helped her with her career in more ways than one.