Mila Kunis dons apron while on Bad Mom's Christmas set She first stepped into the role of Amy Mitchell in the 2016 movie Bad Moms.

And one year later, Mila Kunis is back as the mother of two in the film's sequel, Bad Mom's Christmas. The 33-year-old actress was spotted on Wednesday rocking a holiday themed apron on the Atlanta, Georgia set of the movie.

It's the first film she's worked on since welcoming son Dimitri five months ago.

Beaming: Mila Kunis was spotted on Wednesday rocking a holiday themed apron on the Atlanta, Georgia set of the movie Bad Mom's Christmas

Mila beamed while on set. The beauty rocked the colorful Christmas apron over a striped blouse, adding jeans and sneakers.

Mila was seen chatting with a co-star in between filming.

The mother of two wore her dark brunette locks pulled back with just a touch of makeup on her face.

Taking a quick break between scenes: She first stepped into the role of Amy Mitchell in 2016

Bad Mom's Christmas is set to hit theaters on November 3, 2017.

Her co-stars include Kristen Bell, Kathryn Hahn, Susan Sarandon, Jay Hernandez and Justin Hartley.

The first film, Bad Moms, became the first R rated female led comedy of 2016 to surpass $100 million, reports The Hollywood Reporter; it had just a $20 million budget.

What a stunner: The beauty rocked the colorful Christmas apron over a striped blouse, adding jeans and sneakers

Cheers: The first film, Bad Moms, became the first R rated female led comedy of 2016 to surpass $100 million, reports The Hollywood Reporter; with Kristen Bell and Kathryn Hahn

Mila is married to actor Ashton Kutcher; the two met when they were both cast in That '70s Show in 1998, although they didn't start dating until 2012.

They became engaged in February 2014 and tied the knot in July 2015.

Mila and Ashton, 39, are parents to two children: daughter Wyatt Isabelle, two, and son Dimitri, five months.

Happily ever after: Mila is married to actor Ashton Kutcher; the two met when they were both cast in That '70s Show in 1998, although they didn't start dating until 2012; seen in October

Earlier this week, Ashton visited The Ellen DeGeneres Show, where he divulged how the couple came up with the name Dimitri.

He told Ellen that during a date night Mila said: 'So I think Donald Trump is going to win the presidency and I think our baby's name is Dimitri.'

Ashton explained: 'She called it...so that's it. She's my wife - everything she says is right.'