Tiffany Haddish Paves Her 'Own Way' to Hosting 2018 MTV Movie & TV Awards in New Promo (Exclusive) No silver platters here!

Tiffany Haddish wants the world to know she paved her own way as she gears up to host the 2018 MTV Movie & TV Awards next month.

In ET's first look at a promo for the highly anticipated awards show, the Girls Trip star can be seen rocking a plunging gold jumpsuit and classic Timberland work boots -- a nod to Haddish's hard work, no less -- as she rolls out a red carpet.

"If you want to make in this business, you gotta pay your dues," the 38-year-old actress can be heard saying. "I've slept in my car in Beverly Hills. I've even hosted bar mitzvahs."

The 38-year-old comedian adds that this year's event in Los Angeles will be anything but "boring."

"You don't want another generic dude in a tux hosting a boring-a** awards show," she states. "You want the boss who paved her own way. You ready?"

ET's Kevin Frazier was with Haddish at a promo shoot for the event and she couldn't hold back her excitement about hosting the show. "It's going to be super fun and I'm trying to represent everybody in the whole wide world," she mused. "I'm just going to be myself and I mean, I got a lot of great jokes and a lot of good commercials."

She further quipped, "I feel very cute and sexy and vibrant and being the first woman to ever host the MTV Movie &TV Awards, it's a little bit of pressure. But it's going to be a lot of fun."

Haddish broke the big hosting news in February, telling fans to expect an "off-the-chain" and "hilarious" show.

The bestselling author of The Last Black Unicorn is no stranger to the awards-show circuit, as she hilariously lightened the mood with Maya Rudolph while presenting at the 2018 Academy Awards earlier this year, having viewers speculating that she should be a future Oscars host.

"When we came out together, we know some of you were thinking, 'Are the Oscars too black now?'" Haddish quipped just before presenting the award for Best Documentary Short Subject.

"But we just want to say, 'Don't worry, there are so many more white people to come,'" she continued.

Haddish later told ET that she would absolutely host the Oscars, on one condition: "If I get paid, I'm totally down!"

The 2018 MTV Movie & TV Awards will air Monday, June 18 at 9 p.m. ET/PT on MTV.

RELATED CONTENT: