Beyonce's father confirms the arrival of her twins Beyonce’s father has confirmed the arrival of her twins.

The 35-year-old singer and her husband Jay Z - who already have five-year-old daughter Blue Ivy together - were believed to have welcomed the two newest additions to their brood after reports of the birth surfaced in the early hours of Sunday morning, and now the star’s father Mathew Knowles has confirmed the happy news.

Taking to Twitter, Mathew posted a picture of a birthday note which read: 'Happy Birthday to the twins! Love, Granddad.'

Happy times: Beyonce and Jay-Z have welcomed twin babies; her dad confirmed the news on Sunday. Here the couple is seen in February

With her papa: Beyonce and her father Mathew Knowles in a photo from 2016

And he captioned the snap: 'They're here!#beyonce #twins #jayz #happybirthday.'

Mathew also posted the same picture on his Instagram account, which featured the same caption.

Adding fuel to the fire, Beyonce's mom and Matthew's ex Tina liked the image on the picture-sharing social network.

Meanwhile, all other details on the birth have yet to be announced.

Showbiz 411 first reported on Saturday the power couple welcomed two children on Monday night or Tuesday morning.

A source later told People magazine: 'Bey and Jay are thrilled and have started sharing the news with their family and closest friends.'

His post: Taking to Twitter, Mathew posted a picture of a birthday note which read: 'Happy Birthday to the twins! Love, Granddad'

One of each: This rather telling balloon and floral gift was delivered to the hospital on Sunday with a card which read: 'To B and J' following speculation the couple had a boy and a girl

Another batch of balloons! Another woman was seen heading to the hospital with pink and blue balloons

The power couple - who got married in 2008 - announced they were adding to their brood in February when the Formation hitmaker posted a photograph of her burgeoning baby bump on her social networking sites.

She wrote at the time: 'We would like to share our love and happiness.

'We have been blessed two times over. We are incredibly grateful that our family will be growing by two, and we thank you for your well wishes. - The Carters.'

Their first little one': With daughter Blue Ivy in February

The pair have remained relatively silent throughout the pregnancy but Beyonce's mother Tina Knowles hasn't been able to contain her excitement.

She said recently: 'I'm so excited. I can't wait.'

And 63-year-old Tina - who is also mother to 30-year-old singer Solange Knowles - has also praised her eldest daughter for being an 'incredible parent.'

She said: '[Beyoncé and Jay Z are] incredible parents. She's a really good mom. Really patient and kind. [My biggest lesson was] teaching them that what is on the inside counts more than what's on the outside. I see her passing it on, and it makes me really proud because that was my biggest lesson.'

Labour of love? There was fevered speculation Beyonce was at an LA hospital to give birth earlier on Tuesday

On Saturday an unidentified female was pictured delivering a balloon and floral gift on Sunday morning which appeared to give the game away.

There was a pink and blue balloon, with one reading: 'It's a boy' and the other reading: 'It's a girl.'

The accompanying envelope had: 'To B & J' on the front which appears to be confirmation but could have been sent by an over-zealous fan.

And now it has been reported that a 'minor issue' has kept their bundles of joys in hospital, according to TMZ.

Sources close to the couple told the publication: 'The twins were born Monday in a Los Angeles hospital. We're told a "minor issue" surfaced, and as a result ... doctors do not feel comfortable releasing them.'

Although the nature of the issue is not clear nor when they'll be released, an insider added that Beyonce remains at the hospital but 'is okay. The babies are expected to be okay as well.'

Dailymail.com has reached out to Beyonce and Jay-Z's reps for comment.

There has been days of rampant speculation if the 35-year-old singer had given birth at a Los Angeles medical center.

Big news? There has been days of rampant speculation if the 35-year-old singer had given birth at a Los Angeles medical center, as the two are pictured together in May 2015

Adding fuel to the fire, her 47-year-old rap mogul husband skipped the Songwriters Hall Of Fame in New York City on Thursday, instead sending his friend and record label head Jon Platt.

Increasing the rumours further, Beyonce's sister Solange Knowles had been spotted at the Los Angeles medical centre rumoured to be where the couple are having their children, according to reports on Thursday.

Beyonce's younger sister was seen pulling into the medical facility on Thursday, according to Radar Online and various reports on Twitter, two days after rumours went into overdrive that the star was in labour.

Meanwhile, Jay Z was spotted leaving the Beverly Hills mansion he shares with Beyonce on Tuesday.

The Hip Hop mogul was seen leaving their home after Twitter went into overdrive over rumours his Grammy award winning wife was in labour.

The day marked the Lemonade hitmaker's due date, and saw increased security at the medical centre.

Happy family: The power couple with Blue Ivy pictured together at the MTV Video Music Awards in August 2014

Jay, who is also father to five-year-old Blue Ivy with his superstar wife, was seen talking on the phone as he left their home in the back of a chauffeur-driven Escalade.

With his face partially obscured, he looked in deep thought, perhaps anxious to be reunited the new additions to his family- rumoured to be a boy and a girl.

The 99 Problems star, who married Beyonce in 2008 after five years of dating, was reportedly headed in the direction of the Westwood-based medical facility.

By her side? Increasing the rumours further, Beyonce's sister Solange Knowles has been spotted at the Los Angeles medical centre rumoured to be where the couple are having their children, according to reports on Thursday

Beyonce fans first sparked a Twitter frenzy amid fevered speculation the heavily pregnant star is finally in labour in the early hours of Tuesday.

Heavy security was spotted at a Los Angeles hospital, while it was also reported her security staff were carrying two baby seats to a medical facility earlier in the day.

An insider told Hollywood Life: 'Beyonce's security was seen leaving her Beverly Hills home this morning carrying two baby seats to a hospital in West LA.

'Beyonce's due date was yesterday and she has been seeing her OB/GYN on a regular basis at a different location. This trip to this hospital is unique.'

Three become five? Sources have speculated that the family grew at some point on Tuesday

Spreading the rumour: Some tweeters claimed to have inside knowledge

Meanwhile, a storm of tweets was unleashed due to the speculation with many fans congratulating her on the pitter-patter of tiny feet.

One fan said: 'I just need a heads up from Beyonce and the twins on when they plan to break the internet so I can cancel all my plans in advance.'

Another shared: 'Waiting for Beyonce's Instagram picture before I let joy overwhelm me! We've been pregnant way to long'.

In addition to the Twitter speculation, the NY Daily News also quote sources at Melba's restaurant in Harlem who heard DJ Khaled, whose new track Shining features performances by Jay Z and Beyoncé, spreading word on Tuesday evening that his friends had welcomed their twins.

Another source who works at Jay Z's 40/40 nightclub in NYC told the publication that the couple welcomed a boy and a girl on Tuesday morning.

The sex of the twins is still not known but many wondered if former President Barack Obama let the genders slip during a video he recorded for Jay's induction into the Songwriters Hall of Fame.

Big news: In February, Beyonce announced that she was pregnant in a now iconic Instagram photo of herself in just a bra and underwear with her bump on show

Spilling the beans? Barack Obama may have let slip the sex of Beyonce and Jay Z's twins

Amid speculation the twins have been born, Obama joked about the similarities between himself and Jay in the video, before implying that the musician was going to have 'him beat' when it comes to how many daughters they each have.

The two minute video sees Obama list the similarities before saying: 'Jay and I are also fools for our daughters. Although, he's going to have me beat once those twins show up.'

Since Obama has two daughters, Malia and Sasha, and Jay already has one, Blue Ivy with wife Beyonce, the comment implies that the only way the rapper could get him 'beat' is if he had twin girls.

Keeping fans updated: The star has been posting plenty of snaps on social media of her blooming bump

Splashing out: And the publication also reported the couple had even splashed out on a child’s nurse’s uniform for Blue Ivy designed by French label Givenchy, which is believed to be worth $1015

When their first child was born, the couple confirmed the news in a statement to press two days after the birth.

The low-key announcement followed Beyonce's big reveal of her pregnancy during a performance at the 2011 MTV VMAs when she ended her routine by rubbing her stomach.

As Beyonce prepared to give birth it was reported that her and her long-term love Jay Z had made a plan to help their daughter Blue Ivy ease into her new role as big sister, by letting their eldest to be in the room to witness the 'magical family moment.'

'They’re worried that their daughter might feel left out when the twins arrive, so they’re trying to make sure she feels involved every step of the way,' a source told the Daily Star Sunday newspaper.

And the publication also reported the couple had even splashed out on a child’s nurse’s uniform for Blue Ivy designed by French label Givenchy, which is believed to be worth $1015.

'Can't wait': Meanwhile, the Halo hitmaker’s mother Tina Lawson previously said she 'can’t wait' for the arrival of her new grandchildren (Pictured 2011)

Motherhood: In a recent interview with Elle , the Houston native opened up about motherhood and how much it's impacted her life

In a recent interview with Elle, the Houston native opened up about motherhood and how much it's impacted her life.

She admitted: 'I just want my child to be happy and healthy and have the opportunity to realize her dreams.

'Everyone experiences pain, but sometimes you need to be uncomfortable to transform,' she shared. 'Pain is not pretty, but I wasn't able to hold my daughter in my arms until I experienced the pain of childbirth.'

Aside from their bundles of joy, Jay Z has announced a new album and film called 4.44.

'Dream': She admitted: 'I just want my child to be happy and healthy and have the opportunity to realize her dreams'

The Encore rapper's company TIDAL shared the details on Twitter posting a 30-second clip of a new song called ADNIS.

The video features Moonlight' actor Mahershala Ali, 43, as a boxer using a punch bag, which is be being held by the trainer portrayed by Danny Glover, 70, and it also features actress Lupita Nyong'o.

A second image shared on the micro-blogging site revealed the release date of June 30, alongside the image, it reads: '@S_C_ x "4:44" album x 6/30 #TIDALXSprint (sic)'

The track appears to be a letter to the hip-hop legend's father filled with lyrics he's never brought up before.

New music: Aside from their bundles of joy, Jay Z has announced a new album and film called 4.44

He raps: 'Letter to my dad that I never wrote/Speeches I prepared that I never spoke/Words on a paper that I never read/Prose is never penned, they stayed in my head (sic)'.

Jay is set to perform at V Festival this August Bank Holiday Weekend in England and has several US festivals coming up.

They include Made In America in Philadelphia on September 2 and 3 and the Meadows Festival at Citi Field on September 15.

The 99 Problems hitmaker's last studio album was 2013's Magna Carta Holy Grail.