Ariel Winter and Levi Meaden celebrate first anniversary It's been a year since they came out as a couple.

And Ariel Winter, 19, shared her anniversary with Levi Meaden, 30, by posting two snaps on Instagram with a gushing message.

One showed the Modern Family star in a skimpy pink bikini clinging to her actor beau and kissing him passionately as they cavorted in a river with a waterfall behind them.

'I love you': Ariel Winter celebrated her first anniversary with her actor beau Levi Madden by posting two shots with him including this one of them kissing passionately by a waterfall

In the second, more formal shot they are dressed up in black for a night out as she holds Levi's face in her hands.

Ariel captioned the snaps: ' Happy 1 year anniversary my love. I’m the luckiest girl in the entire world.

'Thank you for being the incredible man you are, and for making me the happiest I could’ve ever imagined. Here’s to many, many more. I love you. '

And explaining the waterfall shot she added: 'P.S. your crazy butt is the only one who could ever make me agree to jumping off a cliff at a waterfall soooo yeah. I love you.'

Cute couple: In the second, more formal shot they are dressed up in black for a night out as the 19-year-old holds the 30-year-old's face in her hands

The couple started living together in May after sparking relationship rumors in Fall 2016.

It caused consternation on social media because of her youth and the 11-year age gap between them.

Ariel, no stranger to defending herself on the public platform, answered critics back in May in an interview with Refinery29.

Constant companion: Ariel wore this revealing black mini-dress when she and Levi went to the LaPalme Magazine fall cover party at Nightingale Plaza in Los Angeles on Wednesday

'I don’t understand why someone would even comment on our situation at all. There are tons of people of all ages that live with their boyfriend,' she said.

Delving into their living situation further, Ariel continued: 'There are tons of people that live with their girlfriends, [and] tons of people that don’t live together and are super happy.

'But I'm super happy in the arrangement that we have. We love living together. It’s just great.'