Katie Holmes enjoys an economical ride on the New York City subway As a Hollywood actress, she is used to the high life, whether it be travelling on private jets or stepping out in couture gowns.

But Katie Holmes proved she is still grounded after 20 years in showbusiness as she hopped onto the subway in New York City on Thursday.

Despite being worth an estimated $25m, the actress, 39, joined scores of other commuters as she travelled from Manhattan's Downtown towards Uptown, kicked back in a sweltering subway car.

Scroll down for video

Commuter life: Katie Holmes proved she is still grounded after 20 years in showbusiness as she hopped onto the subway in New York City on Thursday

Pulling out the 1968 tome Slouching Towards Bethlehem by Joan Didion, the Dawson's Creek star blended in with her fellow travellers as she leaned her head to one side.

Looking casually cool for the journey, the brunette beauty donned a peach blouse and flared jeans.

Her chestnut bob was styled in loose waves while her pretty features were enhanced with a minimal dusting of make-up.

Stepping off the subway, the ex-wife of Tom Cruise looked radiant as she met up with a pal.

Blending in: Despite being worth an estimated $25m, the actress, 39, joined scores of other commuters as she travelled from Manhattan's Downtown towards Uptown, kicked back in a sweltering subway car

Keeping it casual!Stepping off the subway, the ex-wife of Tom Cruise looked radiant as she met up with a pal

Katie teamed her extra casual and comfortable outfit with a pair of sandals, sunglasses, and a teal necklace.

Making her way down the sidewalk with her pal by her side, Katie appeared relaxed and in good spirits as she enjoyed a catch-up session with her friend.

Katie may have been enjoying some quality time with a gal pal on Thursday, but earlier this month she was spotted on a date night with boyfriend Jamie Foxx.

Peachy keen! Holmes rocked a summery peach hued blouse for the casual get together

Just the girls! Holmes and her pal appeared relaxed during their catch up session

The couple looked like they were happy as can be, contrary to breakup rumors which swirled around the notoriously private duo in weeks past.

Katie's representatives went as far as to call the gossip '100 percent untrue,' even though prior to that the couple had never publicly disclosed their relationship.

The actress has 12-year-old daughter Suri Cruise from her previous marriage to Tom Cruise.

The couple were married from 2006 to 2012.

Low-key! She wore her shoulder length hair down, and appeared to have just a minimal amount of makeup upon her striking complexion