Ben Affleck's summer of love: SNL producer Lindsay Shookus set to spend more time on West Coast They've been a public item for a year.

And the romance between Ben Affleck and Lindsay Shookus seems to be going from strength to as they enjoy summer together.

With the beautiful blonde on a break from Saturday Night Live, the 38-year-old producer is free to leave New York where it films and spend time with Ben in Los Angeles.

'Spending more time together': Ben Affleck is said to be 'very happy' that his lady love Lindsay Shookus can spend summer in L.A. now that SNL has finished filming, according to insiders

The Justice League star, 45 — who recently wrapped Netflix's Triple Frontier, in Hawaii — is fine with that.

'He's great,' a source told People in this week’s issue. 'He seems very happy that Lindsay is in L.A. now.'

Ben and Lindsay have recently been spotted out at restaurants together.

Walking the dogs: Ben, 48, joined Lindsay, 38, for a hike with their dogs and her parents, Christine and Robert Shookus, in the Santa Monica mountains on June 24

The couple dined at Capo in Santa Monica on Saturday night, as Ben escorted his lady love from the car to the restaurant with his arm around her.

They also enjoyed a meal at Italian eatery Felix Trattoria in nearby Venice on June 18.

And he took Lindsay's parents, Christine and Robert Shookus, out to Southeast Asian restaurant Cassia when they visited Ben's Los Angeles home later that week.

Grabbing a drink: The Justice League star opted for an iced coffee when the couple were spotted out in Los Angeles in November

Lindsay is staying at Ben's $19 million mansion on and off, as well as her own place in L.A.

And although she will have to return to the East Coast once filming on SNL starts up, for now 'they’re enjoying doing normal couple things and exploring L.A. together,' one of Ben's pals dished to People.

Meanwhile, Ben has yet to introduce Lindsay to his estranged wife, Jennifer Garner, who is the mother of his children Violet, 12, Seraphina, nine, and son Samuel, six.