Maksim Chmerkovskiy Returns to 'Dancing With the Stars' With an Emotional Performance With Vanessa Lachey Home News Maksim Chmerkovskiy Returns to 'Dancing With the Stars' With an Emotional Performance With Vanessa Lachey

All's well that ends well.

It looks like Maksim Chmerkovskiy and Vanessa Lachey have gone past their reported feud as the pro dancer returns to "Dancing With The Stars." It should be remembered that last week, Maks chose to skip the show citing "personal issues" as the reason for his absence. With him being a no-show, fellow pro dancer Alan Bersten had to fill in as Vanessa's partner.

The 37-year-old would, later on, take to Twitter to apologize to his dance partner saying: "As you are all aware, I had to leave the show last week to take care of some personal issues. I take full responsibility for my actions and want to apologize to my partner Vanessa. We are both looking forward to dancing for our fans next week!"

It was reported that the cause of their so-called feud was their clashing personalities. Apparently, the "DWTS" pair did not have chemistry outside the dance floor. However, the two were since captured together giving each other a warm hug after their dance rehearsals which may have been a sign that they're finally able to work out their issues.

Maks' return was an emotional one not because of their issues but because of the theme of the episode. With the theme "My Most Memorable Year," Vanessa had chosen 2017 as her most memorable year mainly because of the birth of her third child, Phoenix Robert, who was just 29 weeks when he came out.

Vanessa recalled how at the time she was taken into emergency surgery and all she could think of was the safety of her unborn child. Nick Lachey, Vanessa's husband who is also competing on the show with Maks' wife Peta Murgatroyd, remembered feeling helpless at the time. "I think as a man, you want to believe you can protect your kids. Protect your wife. I never felt so helpless. There was nothing I could do," he says.

Maks and Vanessa danced the Rumba to one of Nick's songs, citing it as the song that helped their family develop a closer bond.