David Duchovny reportedly 'dating' 24-year-old woman David Duchovny has been spending time recently with a woman 33 years his junior after meeting her at a juicery, according to a tabloid report.

The 57-year-old actor was spotted around Vancouver, Canada recently with 24-year-old Monique Pendleberry, sources told The National Enquirer in its November 6 issue.

'They were on their way into a restaurant-bar. They were alone. I passed the bar about three or four times and I saw no one else,' the source told the Enquirer

Spending time: David Duchovny is shown in June with Monique Pendleberry outside a restaurant in Malibu, California

Pendleberry's uncle Dirk Drew told the tabloid that she's introduced Duchovny to her family, but also insisted they were 'just friends'.

Drew said they met at the juice company where Pendleberry worked and they have traveled 'together to New York, Canada and Malibu. But they're not dating, they're just friends'.

Duchovny has been a regular at the SunLife Organics juicery in Malibu owned by his friend Khalil Rafati where Pendleberry has worked.

The New York City native was previously married to actress Tea Leoni, 51, but they split in 2008.

Juicery meeting: The 57-year-old actor reportedly met Monique, 24, at the SunLife Organics juicery in Malibu owned by his friend Khalil Rafati

Television star: David is shown earlier this month in New York City promoting The X-Files

Duchovny and Leoni married in May 1997 and he checked himself into a rehabilitation center in August 2008 for treatment of sex addiction several months after they separated.

They reconciled but split again in June 2011 and their divorce was finalized in June 2014.

Duchovny and Leoni have an 18-year-old daughter Madelaine and a 15-year-old son Kyd together.

Former couple: Tea Leoni and David are shown in December 2009 in New York City before their second split in June 2011

Father and daughter: David is shown with daughter Madelaine in March at a New York Knicks game in New York City

The Red Shoe Diaries host in May 2015 released his debut album Hell Or Highwater.

His second album Every Third Thought recently was made available for pre-order.

Duchovny performed earlier this month in Vancouver and has shows scheduled in February in New Zealand and Australia.

He will reprise his role as FBI agent Fox Mulder for the upcoming 11th season of The X-Files that will premiere on Fox in January 2018.