Jamie-Lynn Sigler displays her bikini body while vacationing with Lance Bass in The Bahamas She gave birth to a baby boy in January.

And Jamie-Lynn Sigler looked like she'd bounced back from baby fantastically while spotted on the beaches of the Bahamas with friends in Instagrams Wednesday.

The Sopranos star, 37, turned heads in a white bikini which put her toned figure on full display while visiting the shoreline with Lance Bass, former member of NSync.

In paradise! Jamie-Lynn Sigler looked great in pictures she shared photos from her vacation to the Bahamas this weekend

The brunette wasn't hiding her toned tummy and full chest as she rubbed sunscreen on pal Lance

Lance looked like he'd been investing in plenty of time at the gym, showing off his toned torso and pecs in a pair of tiny, retro swim shorts.

Behind the pair stood two sizable pigs who Bass chuckled at.

They later shared a group photo with some more swine. The photo was taken at the upscale Grand Isle Resort & Spa on the island of Great Exuma in the Bahamas.

Whole gang's here! There was a whole group of people there at the beach along with Jamie-Lynn

Oink: Another showed the duo cuddled up to a pair of piglets, one black, one pink

Their group included Lance's husband Michael Turchin, husband Cutter Dykstra, along with some other non-famous friends.

Lance doted on his husband in another show which just showed the chiseled actor in tiny yellow shorts while standing in front of a picturesque view.

Another showed the duo cuddled up to a pair of piglets, one black, one pink.

Adoring: Lance doted on his husband in another show which just showed the chiseled actor in tiny yellow shorts while standing in front of a picturesque view

It looked like Jamie-Lynn and husband Cutter were without the kids for the weekend, not pictured with baby Jack, nine months, or oldest child, Beau, four.

On January 15, Jamie welcomed youngest son Jack with her husband of two years.

The pro baseball player and his actress love became engaged in January 2014 and welcomed eldest child Beau that August.

The couple married nearly two-and-a-half months later in January 2016.