Kaia Gerber and Naomi Campbell pose for Versace campaign One is a legendary supermodel who became one of the most famous names of the eighties, while the other is a rising star and daughter of fellow eighties clothes horse Cindy Crawford.

And Naomi Campbell, 47, and Kaia Gerber, 16, made the perfect pair as they posed for Versace's latest high fashion campaign.

The British supermodel, and the American teen model- who rocked huge eighties hair, were joined by Brazilian star Gisele Bundchen, 37, making up three generations of stunners.

Scroll down for video

Versace, Versace, Versace! Kaia Gerber, 16, showed off her stunning features and chiseled bone structure as she slipped into a baby blue coordinating ensemble for the latest campaign, rocking huge eighties hair

Seeing double! Kaia, 16, echoed her supermodel mum Cindy Crawford's look (seen left aged 26 in 1992) in the stunning high fashion shoot

Looking every inch her model mum's daughter, Kaia showed off her naturally stunning features and chiseled bone structure as she slipped into a baby blue coordinating ensemble.

She rocked the brand's trademark gold accessories and hardware, wearing her glossy brunette locks in voluminous waves as she posed for the brand.

The teen has been following in her family's modelling footsteps after first landing a contract with Young Versace as a child, before going on to pose for Vogue Paris alongside Cindy aged 15 and landing an array of contracts.

The genetically blessed beauty is daughter to Rande Gerber, a model-turned businessman, and sister to Presley, who is also signed to IMG models.

Showing them how it's done! Legendary supermodel Naomi Campbell, 47, slipped into a plunging gold sequin dress slashed to the thigh for the shoot

Meanwhile legendary supermodel Naomi showed the younger models how it was done, as she slipped into a plunging gold sequin dress slashed to the thigh for the shoot.

The seemingly ageless Streatham-born model looked flawless in the animated shot, wearing her hair in a fringed bob as she threw up shapes for the camera.

And rocking another coordinated ensemble, Naomi was seen slipping into a colour clashing arty jumpsuit complete with matching headscarf and bag, emblazoned with the Vogue slogan.

Leggy lady! Naomi was seen slipping into a colour clashing arty jumpsuit complete with matching headscarf and bag, emblazoned with the Vogue slogan.

Continuing the bright display, Gisele joined the campaign, rocking the brand's trademark pattern across a slip wrap dress.

Embellished with animal-print, she matched the piece with a headscarf as she threw a smoldering look at the camera.

Counted as one of the highest-paid supermodels in the world, Gisele has taken slight step back from the spotlight in recent years as she raises her two children with husband of eight years, American football quarterback Tom Brady.