Game of Thrones' Lena Headey shares her own experiences with depression Game of Thrones actress Lena Headey has opened-up about her experiences with depression in a candid chat with Bear Grylls.

The Cersei Lannister actress appeared on Running Wild, where she discussed being closed-up about struggles and also spoke about the effect fame has had on her.

"It's like there are certain things that are cool to talk about, and there are certain things that nobody really wants to talk about," Lena admitted.

"I just feel if you don't share and you don't connect, then you're just causing more isolation, and that's a really bad thing for all of us. I think I've learnt as I've got older to just to sit with it, anything that's uncomfortable."

The actress continued: "Winston Churchill used to say that depression is like a black dog that he used to sit with. I kind of feel like that about it now, it just sometimes is here.

"Instead of going 'I'll just deny it', I think a lot of people do that – and they're like 'It's fine, everything's fine' – when actually it's alright to just sit it in and when you come out of it the better things feel better."

What to Read Next

Steve Granitz/WireImage

Bear then suggested that people assume celebrities have it "all buttoned up and together" before adding that he believes it's a "great lie" as everyone's just trying to live their life.

"It's not all smooth sailing, but it makes it interesting," Lena added.

After their talk, Bear described the Game of Thrones star as "authentic, honest and vulnerable", praising her mental strength.

This isn't the first time Lena has spoken about her mental health struggles, telling a fan on Twitter last year: "I overthink for sure. I am familiar with depression. I get HUGE anxiety (always fun) Insecure, not really."

She then wrote a series of tweets on the subject, adding in another: "Anxiety is a beast. You have to talk to beasts. Release them back into the wild. Easier said than done I know but still. Good to Practice."

Game of Thrones returns in 2019. The show airs on HBO in the US and Sky Atlantic and in the UK. Season 7 is now available to buy on , or .

Readers affected by the issues raised in this story are encouraged to contact Samaritans free on 116 123 (www.samaritans.org) or Mind on 0300 123 3393 (www.mind.org.uk). Readers in the US are encouraged to visit mentalhealth.gov or the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.

Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.