Arie Luyendyk Jr. Says He's a 'Monster' in This New 'Bachelor' Finale Promo, Is Not Wrong In the latest promo for The Bachelor season finale, Arie Luyendyk Jr. calls himself a "monster," but the context of his comment is, erm, unclear. We all know the race car hobbyist royally screwed up last week, when he professed his love to both Becca K. and Lauren B.; that's a big no-no in Bachelor land, as Ben Higgins infamously taught us a few seasons ago. So perhaps Luyendyk feels like a monster for leading these two women—who are both too good for him, by the way—on for so long.

"I fell in love with two different women," Luyendyk says in the promo, suppressing his need to make that weird "mmm" noise with his lips. That quasi-confirms what his "monster" comment is about, but I think it's much deeper than him just shrugging between Becca K. and Lauren B. Remember in the Bachelor: Women Tell All special, when ex-contestant Caroline Lunny, holding back tears, told Luyendyk, "I know what you did, and I don't know how you could do that?" That was some "Lauren Conrad screaming at Heidi Montag in the club"–level drama. Whatever she's referring to is probably exactly why Luyendyk called himself a monster in this promo. And it's also probably why ABC keeps hyping up the finale as something we've "never seen before." What the hell did Luyendyk do? Did he buy his fiancée a race car covered in Mountain Dew ads instead of an engagement ring or something?

If you believe Us Weekly, Luyendyk is a monster because he reportedly called off his engagement to the winner to date his runner-up, which is a pretty monstrous, profoundly shitty thing to do. Granted, it's just a rumor now, but, yikes, that'd be seriously insane if it were true. That's a lot of drama and tears over someone who isn't Peter Kraus.

Check out the teaser for yourself, below:

To be honest, I don't have to see this episode to know Luyendyk is a monster. His idea of a perfect date is eating loudly on top of a race car in Scottsdale, Arizona, he's killing The Bachelor's ratings, and he says the word amazing more than any person ever should. Whichever woman is single with spon-con deals by the end of this is actually the winner.

Related Stories:

Arie Luyendyk Jr. Isn’t ‘The Bachelor’—He’s Your Ex-Boyfriend