This Is How Ramona Singer Redecorated Her Gorgeous Hamptons Home The Real Housewives of New York City businesswoman shared where she shopped for the goods she used to renovate her stunning home.

There must something in the water with The Real Housewives of New York City. Have you ever noticed that these ladies have the best vacation homes? First, we couldn't stop drooling over RHONY alum Jill Zarin's recently renovated Boca Raton pad. And as we know, Dorinda Medley always makes her Berkshires home nice. And now, Ramona Singer is inviting us into her newly-renovated Hamptons home with photos that make us yearn for a tranquil, all-white retreat of our own. But if we can't get a second home at the moment, at least we can take a few decorating tips from the Ageless by Ramona skincare mogul. (RHONY airs Wednesdays at 9/8c.)

How to Watch Watch The Real Housewives of New York City on Bravo and Peacock.

Ramona recently stopped by Bravo HQ to tell us where she shopped for the goods she used to renonvate her stunning home. We'll fill you in on that. But first, take a peek inside:

Check out the post on Instagram

Can you blame us for wanting to know how to crib that look? In her caption, Ramona gave a shout-out to AllModern, which sells modern (natch) home goods in categories ranging from outdoor furniture to bedding and bathroom accessories. (We are this close to springing for its Chesterfield sofa.)

When chatting with Most Wanted, Ramona filled in some other details. "Well I hadn’t really done anything décor-wise in about twenty years, and ... [the renovation] basically started with updating the kitchen," she said. "I started with ‘okay, let’s just strip down and repaint.’ And let’s just kind of replace a few things." Can you guess what happened next?

"It ended up I ripped out the whole entire kitchen. I ripped out all my floors in the house, I took out all my furniture and gave it all away to my housekeeper, yard men, and ... all the people that work for me," she shared. "And I just ordered a bunch of things, whether it was online, from AllModern, or Wayfair, some things from Restoration Hardware."

And don't forget: Ramona has a good friend in the interior-design biz. "I bought some Jill Zarin rugs, which are gorgeous and not that expensive," she shared.

Well, now we're totally inspired to renovate our own place. Hmm, maybe we'll just start with a few tweaks to the kitchen ...