Alessandra Ambrosio’s Pink Sweater Is The $68 Piece Your Weekend Wardrobe Needs Nobody looks cooler heading into a yoga class than Alessandra Ambrosio in her cotton candy-colored pullover. When she's not walking the runway for Balmain, Colcci, and, of course, Victoria's Secret, the model is constantly knocking her off-duty looks out of the park. This time, Alessandra Ambrosio's pink sweater is not only easy on the eyes, but on the wallet, too.

On Dec. 7, the Brazilian mom of two was photographed en route to a yoga class in Los Angeles with her bubblegum-pink mat slung over her shoulder and a fuzzy sweater to match. Her cozy knit is by the bohemian New York-based brand Heartloom, a favorite of fellow model Gisele Bündchen, Hilary Duff, and Julianne Hough, among others. The 37-year-old runway veteran's rose-hued sweater is stylishly casual, featuring a trendy wrap-front detail, draped shoulders, and a loose and slouchy fit — all for only $68.

She paired it with heather-gray leggings and beige slip-ons. Whether you're headed to the studio to practice your Half Moon like Ambrosio or not, her low-key look is the perfect ensemble to run your Sun. errands in. Tucking it into the front of your jeans will add structure to its relaxed silhouette, giving you a tidier look.

Broadimage/Shutterstock

Get The Look

The mid-aughts wrap sweater is officially back in style. Everyone from Rosie Huntington-Whiteley to Kim Kardashian have sported similar draped, retro silhouettes recently as well. The bohemian-inspired design element is obviously on the rise, with variations offered by Ganni, L'Agence, Pierre Hardy, and the like.

But you can copy Ambrosio's look without spending a fortune. Simply pair one of these ultra-warm wrap sweaters over your coziest leggings or tuck it into a high-waisted midi skirt for a super-polished look. This trendy draped detail is the best way to elevate those winter sweaters you'll live in over the cold-weather months. Ahead, The Zoe Report's favorite weekend-ready knits for under $100.

Shop The Look