The Chainsmokers' Alex Pall stares adoringly at girlfriend Katelyn Byrd for date night in LA He was caught in a cheating scandal with his ex-girlfriend Tori Woodward earlier in the year.

But things seem to be going swell for The Chainsmokers Alex Pall and his girlfriend of seven-months Katelyn Byrd, 23.

Wednesday saw the 33-year-old and the model head out for a romantic dinner date together in Los Feliz, California.

Scroll down for video

Love is in the air: Following a cheating scandal earlier in the year with ex-girlfriend Tori Woodward, things appeared to be going swell with new girlfriend Katelyn Byrd during a date night together on Wednesday

Alex dressed casually for the occasion in a white sweatshirt and a pair of striped trousers.

The EDM Grammy winning artist sported a well groomed beard and appeared loved up as he stood outside the restaurant with his lady love.

Katelyn stunned in a oversized black jacket on top of a shirt of the same color.

Dressed down: Alex dressed casually for the occasion in a white sweatshirt and a pair of striped trousers

Gorgeous: Katelyn stunned in a oversized black jacket on top of a shirt of the same color

The beauty completed her look with leather pants and accessorised her look with a designer purse.

She had her blonde locks slicked back into a high-ponytail and sported a natural makeup look complete with a sweep of blush and a nude lip.

Alex and Katelyn's outing comes after they spent Tuesday night together at the American Music Awards.

Date night: Alex and Katelyn's outing comes after they spent Tuesday night together at the American Music Awards. Caught on camera! Chainsmokers' Alex Pall kisses mystery blond

'I feel like her accessory,' captioned the artist on his Instagram page.

Alex sported a checkered suit with a pair of incredibly shiny burgundy shoes.

Katelyn stunned in a floor length frock that featured a large slit and was of a sweet-heart cut.

The duo first got together in March, two months after Alex's now ex-girlfriend Tori Woodward caught him cheating.

The 26-year-old USC law student famously shared CCTV footage on Instagram Stories of Alex hugging a 'mystery blonde' along with scathing captions.