Mindy Kaling Gives Birth to First Child She’s here! Mindy Kaling has welcomed her first child, a daughter named Katherine Kaling, E! reports.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2017 Babies on board! Click through to see all the adorable bundle of joys who were born in 2017

The publication reports that Kaling, 38, gave birth on Friday, December 15.

The Mindy Project creator who has not yet shared the identity of her baby’s father, revealed that she was expecting her first bundle of joy in August while appearing on the Sunday edition of the Today show.

Related: Just Like Us: Celebrity Moms From grocery shopping to bonding with their kids, see how star mamas spend their day

Telling host Willie Geist she was “really excited,” the star added she was ready for a new adventure. “I have a lot of control over a lot of aspects of my life, and this is one where I’m like, ‘OK, it’s out of my hands,’ which is kind of a fun feeling.”

When Geist, 42, asked what type of parent the A Wrinkle in Time actress will be, she responded: “It’s so easy to criticize parenting until you’re a parent, so one of the nice things about becoming a parent is that I’ll be able to openly criticize other parenting because I will have a child.”

Kaling added that her late mother, Swati Roysircar, set a great example. “My mom was incredibly fierce and so devoted to us, just loved us and really wanted us to be happy no matter what we did,” she said. “My career choice was not something that she was familiar with and she was just so supportive of that. And if I could give that to my child, just that open-mindedness, I’d be so happy.”

In October, the Massachusetts native confirmed the sex of her baby while appearing on The Ellen Degeneres Show. “I wanted to know way early. I’m having a girl,” she said. “I’m excited about it.”

And just weeks before giving birth, the Inside Out voicer shared the first image of her growing baby bump to Instagram.

Related: Celebrity Moms Who Ate Their Own Placentas More and more celeb moms are eating their placentas after their pregnancies — click through the gallery to see how they consumed them!

“How I look recording Mindy Lahiri’s lines. ‘Exsqueeze me, sir?!?!’ #themindyproject #laterbaby,” she captioned cute post in November.

Kaling’s pregnancy might not as a surprise to all. The star talked about her desire to have children in an interview with Yahool! Style back in September 2015.

“I think I’ve decided that unlike everything else in my life, I’m going to be fast and loose about kids,” she said at the time.s “I’m going to not actively plan, but if it happens, it would happen. I’m not cavalier about who I would have a kid with. But the thing I ask every parent that I really admire, the one comment they all have is that they wish they had kids earlier.”