Hey, Arnold! The Jungle Movie to Solve Unanswered Questions Hey, Arnold! is returning to Nickelodeon, promising to offer revelations about some long-held mysteries.

NYCC 2017 Cosplay View 124 Images

NYCC 2017 Coverage

Premiering on November 24 at 7 p.m. ET/PT, Hey, Arnold! The Jungle Movie will pick up where the original Nickelodeon TV series left off back in 2004. Check out the first full trailer below: Nickelodeon previously revealed a clip of the film during San Diego Comic-Con 2017.Revealed as part of the movie's panel at New York Comic Con, the trailer teases the adventure awaiting Arnold and his friends. They'll set out in the film in the hopes of finally locating his missing parents.Original voice actors Francesca Marie Smith (The Prince of Egypt) as Helga and Anndi McAfee (Tom and Jerry: The Movie) as Phoebe return, alongside new voice talent Mason Vale Cotton (Mad Men) as Arnold and Benjamin “Lil’ P-Nut” Flores, Jr. (Game Shakers) as Gerald.Lane Toran (original voice of Arnold) and Jamil Walker Smith (original voice of Gerald) will voice Che and Paulo, two members of the boat crew in San Lorenzo, and Alfred Molina (Spider-Man 2) stars as the villain Lasombra.Other returning voice actors include Justin Shenkarow (Recess) as Harold, Olivia Hack (Family Guy) as Rhonda, Nika Futterman (The Boxtrolls) as Olga, Dan Butler (Frasier) as Mr. Simmons, Dan Castellaneta (The Simpsons) as Grandpa, Tress MacNeille (The Simpsons) as Grandma, Antoinette Stella (Melrose Place, writer) as Stella, Carlos Alazraqui (Happy Feet) as Eduardo, Dom Irrera (Back at the Barnyard) as Ernie, Maurice LaMarche (Futurama) as Bob Pataki, Kath Soucie (Rugrats) as Miriam, Danielle Judovits (Toy Story) as Big Patty, Danny Cooksey (The Lorax) as Stoop Kid, Jim Belushi (According to Jim) as Coach Wittenberg, and Craig Bartlett as Miles.IGN has plenty more for you from New York Comic Con 2017, including a look at the return of a major Watchmen character , as well as Ban Presto's impressive line of Dragon Ball and One Piece figures , a heart-breaking Hodor statue , the chillest Spider-Man statue at NYCC , and much more.We're keeping up with all the best cosplay from NYCC, too — check out our latest cosplay video below.

Jonathon Dornbush is an Associate Editor for IGN. Find him on Twitter @jmdornbush