‘Kim Possible’: Sadie Stanley & Sean Giambrone To Star In Disney Channel Movie Newcomer Sadie Stanley and The Goldbergs‘ Sean Giambrone have been tapped to star as Kim Possible and Ron Stoppable in Kim Possible, Disney Channel‘s live-action movie based on the hit animated series. The comedy-adventure will go into production this summer and is set to debut in 2019.

Kim Possible is about an everyday high school girl who, in her spare time, saves the world from villains.

“Sadie delivers Kim’s confidence, smarts, and agility; most importantly, she’s an everyday girl with an extraordinary spirit,” said Judy Taylor, senior vice president, Casting and Talent Relations, Disney Channel. “Sean is such a magnetic actor; he always finds the right balance of physical comedy and heart. We’re excited for audiences to see Sadie and Sean bring these iconic roles to life,” Taylor added.

A native of Columbia, South Carolina, 16-year-old Stanley landed the role in her first-ever audition. She has since guest-starred on Game Shakers. Giambrone, age 18, stars in ABC’s hit comedy The Goldbergs and will film Kim Possible before returning to production of that series, now going into its sixth season, this summer.

Watch on Deadline

Emmy-winning series creators and executive producers Mark McCorkle & Robert Schooley (Big Hero 6: The Series, The Penguins of Madagascar) and Josh Cagan (The Duff, Bandslam) penned the script. McCorkle and Schooley will serve as executive producers alongside Zanne Devine. Adam B. Stein and Zach Lipovsky, who were finalists on Fox’s directing competition On the Lot, will co-direct and co-produce. Blyth Nailling is the casting director.

The animated comedy/adventure series launched in 2002 and centered on a strong teenager who uses her brain, heart and expertise to save the day. Throughout 87 episodes, Kim Possible traversed the social hierarchy of high school and, with her loyal sidekick Ron Stoppable and his naked mole-rat Rufus by her side, thwarted power-hungry villains Drakken and Shego, among others. It inspired two popular animated original movies, Kim Possible Movie: So the Drama in 2005, which was the first animated title in the Disney Channel Original Movie franchise, and Kim Possible: A Stitch in Time in 2003.

The series also led to an off-TV franchise including Kim Possible and Ron Stoppable characters at Disney Parks & Resorts and a line of Kim Possible branded consumer products at mass retail, soundtracks, books and games.

The Emmy-winning series garnered additional accolades from the Parents’ Choice Foundation, the International Animated Film Society’s Annie Awards and Italy’s Pulcinella Award for Best Program and Best TV Series for Children.