Tinsley Mortimer Tinsley Randolph Mercer Mortimer hails from Virginia and spent her childhood years growing up at Graymont, the Mercer family house in Richmond, Virginia. She then attended boarding school at the Lawrenceville School in New Jersey, where she met her first husband, Topper Mortimer. Together, they moved to New York City, where Tinsley attended Columbia University and graduated with a degree in art history. As soon as Tinsley landed in New York, her blonde hair, Southern belle charm, and personal branding abilities propelled her into high society. She quickly became synonymous with the New York social scene and was the most photographed woman in New York City in the early 2000s. Read More

Tinsley Randolph Mercer Mortimer hails from Virginia and spent her childhood years growing up at Graymont, the Mercer family house in Richmond, Virginia. She then attended boarding school at the Lawrenceville School in New Jersey, where she met her first husband, Topper Mortimer. Together, they moved to New York City, where Tinsley attended Columbia University and graduated with a degree in art history. As soon as Tinsley landed in New York, her blonde hair, Southern belle charm, and personal branding abilities propelled her into high society. She quickly became synonymous with the New York social scene and was the most photographed woman in New York City in the early 2000s. After working at Vogue, she transitioned to a career in public relations. Always an entrepreneur at heart, Tinsley built a successful personal brand that was launched with a line of handbags, Samantha Thavasa by Tinsley Mortimer; a clothing collection, Riccimie by Tinsley Mortimer, which was sold exclusively in Japan; and a tabletop collection. Tinsley then became the beauty ambassador for the iconic French fashion design house of Christian Dior and helped to create a lip gloss coined Tinsley Pink.

Tinsley went on to publish her first novel,Southern Charm, and made her television debut in the hit TV show Gossip Girl in 2010. When she and Topper divorced, she decided to take a sabbatical from the fast-paced and overwhelming lifestyle that she created for herself in New York City. A respite in Palm Beach gave her time to reflect on her accomplishments, and in late 2016, Tinsley decided to move back to New York City and prove that there is more to her than meets the eye.

Once back in the city she loves, she channeled her energy into her charity efforts, including supporting the Best Friends Animal Society. She is the celebrity ambassador for “No Dogs Left Behind,” a global animal rescue organization and flew to Beijing on behalf of the charity last year. Tinsley brought five rescues back to the states with her and adopted two from the group, naming them Strawberry & Shortcake.

In 2018, Tinsley teamed up with the cosmetic brand Winky Lux, to create her own collection titled XXO Tinsley for Winky Lux. She launched with a range of eyelash’s in three different sizes, a giftset titled a Wink & Kiss and created her favorite shade of lip gloss, appropriately titled Vodka Cran.

Now that Tinsley is finally back and settled into her New York groove, she is ready to open herself up to finding the perfect match with whom she can continue to build her empire and share her special love for animals.