Bachelor's Chris Soules and fiancee Whitney Bischoff split two months after final episode Chris Soules and Whitney Bischoff have split two months after the season finale of the Bachelor aired on TV.

The couple, who had been engaged for six months, released a joint statement on Wednesday.

'Whitney Bischoff and Chris Soules have mutually and amicably decided to end their engagement,' they told Us Weekly.

Scroll down for video

Over: Whitney Bischoff and Chris Soules, pictured here at the DWTS finale party on May 19, have spit

'They part with nothing but respect and admiration for one another and will continue to be supportive friends. They wish to thank everyone who has supported them through this journey.'

The Bachelor creator Mike Fleiss was the first one to break the news, tweeting on Thursday morning: 'Sad news to report: @souleschris and @whitbisch are no longer engaged...'

Chris, 33, and Whitney, 29, have so far remained quiet about the split on their respective social media accounts.

The moment she said yes: The Bachelor proposed to Whitney six months ago, and the happy moment aired during the show's season finale in March

The pair were last seen together on May 19, celebrating the end of Dancing With The Stars.

The Bachelor star also posted a photo with Whitney and his parents to Instagram that day, along with the words: 'Post-show pic with the fam. I truly am the world's luckiest guy. Love you @whitb624.'

However rumours that trouble was brewing in paradise started swirling last month, when Whitney flew home to Chicago before Chris's stint on Dancing With The Stars was up.

Dazzling: The fertility nurse flashed her Neil Lane engagement ring the morning after the season finale aired

The couple had revealed they would be temporarily living together in Los Angeles while the farmer, who ended up being eliminated in fifth place on May 5, competed on the show.

But after Whitney was suddenly no longer in the audience cheering Chris on, he told Glamour magazine: 'She actually went back to Chicago. She had some work things to get caught up on.

'And now [this process is] getting really intense. I’m not even existent to her, and she’s missing friends and home, so she’s going to take some time back there, and I’m sure she’ll be back in the next couple weeks hopefully if I’m still here.'

Trouble in paradise: Rumours of an imminent split started swirling last month, when Whitney flew home to Chicago while Chris was appearing on Dancing With The Stars. They are seen here on April 16

'You have my "heart"ichoke': The couple regularly shared their love for each other on social media

Chris proposed to Whitney during the Bachelor's season 19 finale, after sending home runner-up Becca Tilley.

And 'Prince Farming' made no secret of the fact that he had struggled with choosing which woman he should propose to.

Whitney said on the After The Final Rose special that she decided to only watch her dates with Chris on the show, and skip everything else.

Runner-up: Chris made no secret of the fact that he had a tough time choosing between Whitney and Becca Tilley on the show

While she had hoped to move to Chris's farm in Arlington, Iowa at some point, the fertility nurse had made it very clear that she wasn't going to give up her career.

'I have no plans to quit my job. We're just taking it step by step!’ she told People in March, adding: ‘I've switched roles a little bit. It offers me a lot of flexibility so I can work from anywhere.’

The Bachelor and The Bachelorette are well-known for their whirlwind romances, quick engagements and even quicker break-ups.

In the 29 completed seasons of the two shows there have been 20 proposals, but only five couples have made it down the aisle.

In the spotlight: 'Prince Farming' came in fifth place on this season of Dancing With The Stars, being eliminated on May 5. He is seen with dance partner Witney Carson

No time to rest: Shortly after the end of this season's DWTS, Witney was seen arriving for rehearsals for the upcoming live tour on Thursday

Chris was picked to be The Bachelor after he came in third place on Andi Dorfman's season of the Bachelorette.

The former assistant district attorney got engaged to winner Josh Murray during the finale, but they confirmed their split in January.

Kaitlyn Bristowe, who was third on Chris's season, is currently starring as The Bachelorette on the 11th instalment of the spin-off show.