Who is Deontay Wilder’s fiancee Telli Swift and when did the Bronze Bomber divorce ex-wife Jessica Scales-Wilder? AFTER being demolished by Zhelei Zhang a year ago, Deontay Wilder is set for two confidence-building comeback fights before eyeing a mouthwatering double-header with Anthony Joshua.

The former WBC heavyweight champ returns against little-known Tyrrell Herndon on Saturday, June 28, 2025 — Here’s everything you need to know about his ex-fiancee Telli Swift.

Who is Telli Swift?

Telli Swift was born on January 24, 1987, in Zambales, Philippines.

She grew up in Japan and later moved to California.

Her real name is Shuntel, only taking on ‘Telli’ once she was famous.

She began modelling when she was just three and appeared in a variety of beauty pageants.

Telli is a reality TV star in her own right and is often seen rubbing shoulders with the rich and famous.

How they met

Telli met Dontay Wilder in 2015 — the pair began dating shortly afterwards.

Speaking exclusively to The Sun in 2019, Telli said: “We met at LAX airport four years ago.

“We saw each other from a distance at check-in, then again at TSA, then he finally spoke to me while we were both going to our gates.

“While we were talking, my friend came — I just got out of the hospital from an infection in my leg, which I thought I was going to get amputated if the antibiotics didn’t work.

“I completely stopped talking to him and told my friend what happened with my leg and he left.

“Leave it to Instagram DMs — we got in touch with each other two weeks before my family reunion, which so happened to be in Alabama, where Deontay is from. The rest is history.”

Wilder was initially reluctant to propose, fearing he would get his heart broken again, but eventually did so on an episode of Wags Atlanta.

He said: “I love the girl, though. She got my heart. That’s my baby, that’s my best friend.

“Even though I know I got a real woman and I love her to death, I know that I could give my all to a person and still get f****d over.

“I’m definitely not closed-minded about it, because like I said, I found my best friend.”

The proposal, on February 15, 2018, was timed to coincide with their child’s gender reveal party, when they found out they were having a daughter.

Break-up

Wilder and Telli’s relationship deteriorated over several years, culminating in a highly public breakup in 2025.

The split was marked by allegations of domestic violence and legal action.

In April 2025, Telli was seen moving on with NFL player John Johnson III, while she and WIlder were both embroiled in ongoing court proceedings.

In June 2024, Telli filed for, and was granted, a temporary restraining order against Wilder in Los Angeles.

It stated that Wilder must stay at least 100 yards away from Telli, their daughter, and her son until a scheduled court date in June 2025, which was reportedly on the 25th — however, nothing has been reported about the outcome as of June 27, 2025.

Telli accused Wilder of repeated physical abuse, including choking her at least five times since 2018 — once in front of their children — spitting on her and nearly suffocating her by pressing her face into a pillow, per TMZ.

According to multiple outlets, she also alleged that Wilder slammed her son’s head against a car, accessed her laptop without consent, sent disturbing messages to her contacts, used home surveillance to spy on her and threw her out of their Atlanta residence shortly after she underwent surgery in April 2024.

Telli claimed Wilder subjected her to constant ridicule, threats to destroy her belongings and coercive sexual demands, expecting intercourse “multiple times a day”, as reported by Marca.

She expressed fear for her safety, particularly after Wilder’s devastating loss to Zhilei Zhang in June 2024, stating that his emotional state and history of violence made her believe he could become physically violent.

In her application for the order, Telli said: “I believe Deontay is capable of being physically violent towards me upon his return in June because he has expressed that he is furious with me since April and has been physically abusive with me in the past.”

Wilder’s divorce from Jessica Scales-Wilder

Wilder married Jessica Scales in 2009 and proceeded to have four children with her — two sons and two daughters.

Their eldest child, Naieya, has spina bifida, with the boxer often calling her an inspiration as she battles the disability.

The three others are called Ava, Deontay Jr, and Dereon.

Wilder reportedly had an affair with Telli Swift, and eventually divorced Jessica in 2017 after eight years of marriage.

Since then, Jessica has kept a low profile, focusing on being a mum to her children.