Real talk with Jessica Alba: Bedtime might be the most challenging part of having 3 kids When your youngest is almost seven, bringing home a new baby definitely shakes things up. Suddenly

you’re not only dealing with backpacks and after school schedules, but bottles and sleepless

nights, too.



Mom of three Jessica Alba has both school-age children and a baby at home these days, and she tells

Motherly the decision to add a third child to the family changed her family’s dynamics in ways that

are sometimes challenging, but mostly amazing.



“We didn’t plan the first two, they were more surprise and delight. The third one was the only one

where we were actually like ‘let’s do this’,” says the 37-year-old actress and Honest Company

founder, who shares her three children, 10-year-old Honor, Haven (who will be 7 this month) and

baby Hayes with her husband of 10 years, Cash Warren.

data-instgrm-permalink=”https://www.instagram.com/p/BlJL0ihBzXT/” data-instgrm-version=”4″ style=”

background:#FFF; border:0;

border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15);

margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% – 2px);

width:calc(100% – 2px);”> “We just love having a family, we love our kids, and we felt like if we wanted to have one more, I

was getting to an age where I was like, ‘We’re either doing this now or we’re not going to do it,'”

she tells Motherly, adding that experiencing motherhood for the third time has been a beautiful

journey not just for her and Warren, but their daughters, too. “It’s actually been really neat because he’s brought us all together in a really sweet way. We all

like gush over him as a family a lot,” Alba explains.

The girls spend a lot of time loving on their baby brother, but at their ages they’ve also got a

lot going on outside the family, which is why Alba says the age gap worked out so nicely.





“You know, when they’re kids and they’re like 7 and 10 they’re pretty independent and they have

sleepovers and they do their own thing, so it’s nice to have a little baby that needs us,” she

says.

Adding a third child to the mix obviously means that Alba and Warren’s time is even more precious

these days than it was before Hayes’ arrival, and the couple has taken steps to make sure that each

of their daughters gets a share of each parent’s time. “Since we’ve had him Cash and I have made it a point to spend more one on one time with the girls,

so I’ll take one and he’ll take one for an afternoon and we’ll do a little lunch or go on a hike or

have a picnic,” Alba tells Motherly. “Basically our daughter, whichever one we have, they get to

choose whatever they want and they have our undivided attention for that three hours. It’s been

really special bonding time. We don’t do it every weekend but we try to do it at least once a

month. And that’s been something the kids have really looked forward to and really liked.”