Watch the moment a disappointed groom mutters ‘oh s**t’ as he sees his bride for the first time on Married At First Sight A MAN marrying a stranger on a reality TV show was so disappointed by his new wife’s appearance that he muttered “oh s**t” the moment she appeared at the top of the aisle.

Aussie Sean D, 38, was saying I Do to a total stranger on Married At First Sight, a programme that sees total strangers meeting at the altar after being paired up for life by a team of scientists and psychologists.

But while single mum Jo, 39, was thrilled with her new hubby – later exclaiming “Jackpot! I’ve won the lotto!” – he had a face like thunder for the entire ceremony and the reception.

Things even took a further dive when after kissing his new missus, he wiped her lipstick off his mouth and said “gross”.

Speaking to The Fix, Sean shared the criteria he had given producers for his dream partner.

He said: “Someone who’s funny. Someone’s who loyal. Someone who wants to have good fun. Having someone to go and have fun with and do different things and learn different things. And someone who’s trustworthy.”

But despite Jo ticking all the boxes, he simply didn’t fancy her.

Sadly for Jo, she really did think she had struck gold with her mystery man.

At the wedding she said: “He’s got kind eyes. He seems genuine. I fancy him.

“This could work. My expectations have been met and then some. To infinity and beyond… Sean D and Jo sitting in a tree.

“My expectations have been met, and then some. To infinity and beyond. Winning! Jackpot! I’ve won the lotto!

“The experts have been spot on! He is for me. He couldn’t be any more perfect.”

But Sean felt very differently, which made for awkward viewing for people at home.

He said, “Um, she’s probably not what I imagined, no.

“There’s not like a massive spark straight away, but I’m sure she’s feeling the same way.”

People tuned in at home were on the edge of their seats as the mismatched pair continued to totally misread one another’s body language and reactions to each other.

https://twitter.com/DanBray_/status/958281260442374144

However, Sean has since explained his frosty reaction to likeable Jo – it’s all because of his exercise addict ex-girlfriend who he’s still a bit hung up on.

He said that after she got addicted to exercise, their 10 year relationship ended and he was stuck caring for their plethora of pets including llamas and cats – and he is still traumatised and tired.

Sean said: “We had a five-acre property together, and she ran out of time for me and the animals.

“It was really hard because I had to take responsibility of the farm. I got all the animals. When we broke up, we had nine dogs, two alpacas, and two horses.

“It was difficult breaking up, it wasn’t like either of us did anything wrong – there was no cheating or anything like that.

“She became a fitness freak but was just crazy. We slowly drifted apart and that was it, we were done.”

You don’t need to go Down Under to find a rocky marriage… this woman was divorced thirteen days after her wedding when she found out her husband was a paedophile.

This woman’s sugar daddy turned out to be a serial con man.

And we revealed how Posh Spice is livid about hubby David jetting off to Miami on business.