‘Drake & Josh’ Alum Josh Peck Marries Paige O’Brien Wedding bells are ringing! Josh Peck married his longtime girlfriend, Paige O’Brien, in Malibu on Saturday, June 17.

Related: ’90s TV Stars: Then & Now Child stars and Tiger Beat hunks! Some of the biggest names in Hollywood first got their start as '90s TV stars. From Tiffani Thiessen, to Melissa Joan Hart and Will Smith, see where these actors first caught the acting bug.

The couple exchanged vows in front of their closest friends and family members, in addition to some A-list pals, including Peck’s former Grandfathered costar John Stamos and his girlfriend, Caitlin McHugh.

Congrats to two of our favorite people. Josh & Paige, we love you ❤️❤️ #couplegoals A post shared by Nicole Golfieri (@nicolegolfieri) on Jun 17, 2017 at 10:42pm PDT

The bride wore a strapless, cream-colored gown, which featured stunning embroidery, while her new husband rocked a classic black tuxedo. Prior to the nuptials, Peck, 30, asked his Instagram followers for some fashion advice, sharing a photo of himself in a suave tux. “What do you guys think of this look? Getting ready for a big night coming up, plus I’ll be able to wear this when I eventually become a waiter,” he quipped.

Related: Celebrity Engagement Rings of 2017: See the Bling! See all of the celebrity engagement rings of 2017, from Kirsten Dunst's diamond solitaire to Colton Haynes' sparkling engagement band!

What do you guys think of this look? Getting ready for a big night coming up, plus I’ll be able to wear this when I eventually become a waiter. A post shared by Josh Peck (@shuapeck) on Jun 5, 2017 at 2:04pm PDT

Peck and O’Brien announced their engagement in March 2016 when she shared a sweet photo of them posing in front of the Eiffel Tower in Paris. In the picture, she showed off her gorgeous engagement ring with a diamond halo.

Related: Celebrity Bridesmaids: Stars Who’ve Helped Out at Weddings Cue the chiffon! Even celebs lend their help to pals and siblings when it comes to their big day. Take a look at these A-listers who served as bridesmaids in the past, including the Kardashian-Jenner sisters, Taylor Swift, Sofia Vergara, Jessica Simpson, Eva Longoria and many more.

This is the first marriage for both.