Kylie Jenner posts Instagram snap of her and Travis Scott Kylie Jenner shared a photo on Monday of her and her baby's daddy Travis Scott at the Met Gala clarifying their daughter's parentage.

The 20-year-old television personality has been dating the 26-year-old rapper since April 2017, and they had their first child Stormi together in February.

The couple recently appeared at the Met Gala together in matching black attire and Kylie wrote in the caption: 'Stormi's Parents'.

Sweet: Kylie Jenner shared a photo of her and her baby's daddy, Travis Scott, at the Met Gala on Monday

Loving mother: The 20-year-old television personality has been dating the 26-year-old rapper since April of 2017, and they had their first child together in February

The caption came after rumors have swirled that Kylie's bodyguard or her ex Tyga could be Stormi's father.

While the theme of the gala was Heavenly Bodies And The Catholic Imagination, Kylie and her beau did not take the dress code too literally.

While some of her fellow guests went all-out high church, Kylie instead wore a simple peekaboo black Alexander Wang gown, complete with a train.

She kept the accessories to a minimum, with a pair of retro spectacles and a couple of bangles.

Roses: The couple recently appeared at the Met Gala together in matching black attire and showed off their affection for one another:

Later the starlet was spotted leaving the affair separate from her love.



The day after the Gala, the parents of the three-month-old girl seemed to celebrate as they indulged in some sneaker shopping at a downtown store.

The couple were seen locking lips and embracing one another while making their way along the curbside.

Simple: She kept the accessories to a minimum, with a pair of retro spectacles and a couple of bangles

Kylie may have also been using the Instagram post to throw some shade at her ex Tyga.

In April, she granted her ex-boyfriend wish for Stormi Webster to undergo paternity testing, according to reports from The Sun.

Rumors that Tyga was demanding DNA testing for the newborn date back to a Radar Online article from early this year.

Our way: While the theme of the gala was Heavenly Bodies And The Catholic Imagination, Kylie and her beau did not take the dress code too literally

'Tyga wants a DNA test because he really thinks that there is a chance this baby could be his,' a source close to the situation said.

The insider alleged that the timing of Kylie and Tyga's breakup - which reportedly happened in April 2017 - was the same as the start of her relationship with Travis.

'Tyga told friends that he was still sexually active with Kylie nine months ago, when this baby was likely conceived,' the source stated.