Ariana Grande and Pete Davidson get tattoos and furniture in NYC She hinted earlier in the week that she had moved in with fiance Pete Davidson.

And Ariana Grande seemed to be getting a start on making their apartment feel like home on Monday.

Seen around New York City together, the 24-year-olds were spotted furniture shopping and getting tattoos together.

Moving in! Engaged Ariana Grande and Pete Davidson headed out for new tattoos and went furniture shopping for their NY apartment on Monday

Taking to Instagram Stories, Ariana showcased the new ink on her right hand below her thumb.

'H2GKMO,' reads the tattoo.

The letters and number are an acronym for: 'Honest To God Knock Me Out' - a phrase the songstress has tweeted out several times recently.

'H2GKMO': Ariana and a friend showcased new ink - it stands for Honest To God Knock Me Out

My turn! The Saturday Night Live star opted for a new tattoo that read 'REBORN'

Stylish: Ariana stunned in a brown oversized sweater for the outing

Strutting her style! She gave a flash of her toned legs and completed her look with $1800 Gucci boots

Captioning the video, Ariana wrote: '4ever' and tagged Pete and friends Courtney Chipolone, Scott Nicholson and KiD oRange.

The Saturday Night Live star's ink reads: 'REBORN'.

And it's not Pete's first trip to the parlor, with the comedian covering up the face of his ex-girlfriend Cazzie David.

Suits her: The No Tears Left To Cry songstress had her dark locks with added extensions slicked back into her signature high pony-tail

Beauty: Ariana's makeup was kept radiant with illuminated cheekbones and a dark nude lip

Casual: Pete opted for a super casual look with a grey T-shirt and green shorts

Ariana stunned in a brown oversized sweater for the outing.

She gave a flash of her toned legs and completed her look with $1800 Gucci boots.

The No Tears Left To Cry songstress had her dark locks with added extensions slicked back into her signature high pony-tail.

Ariana's makeup was kept radiant with illuminated cheekbones and a dark nude lip.

True love: Last week it was reported that the pair had become engaged after one month of dating

Moving fast: She hinted earlier in the week that she had moved in with fiance Pete Davidson

Pete opted for a super casual look with a grey T-shirt and green shorts.

Again appearing on social media, she gave her 121 million fans an insight into her rug shopping adventure.

She was seen flicking through a selection of patterns with friends while Pete stood back and instead opted to showcase his abs.

Setting up their apartment: Again appearing on social media, she gave her 121 million fans an insight into her rug shopping adventure

Making the perfect choice: Ariana looked to be taking the outing seriously, flicking through samples of rugs

'adults,' captioned Ariana.

The newly engaged pair's outing comes after the Problem singer shared a picture of Spongebob Squarepants on Instagram on Saturday showing the yellow cartoon sitting on the floor with no furniture.

'Us in our new apartment with no furniture 1 speaker and red vines,' she captioned.

Not interested in rug shopping: Pete stood back and instead opted to showcase his abs while Ariana did the work

Moving in: The newly engaged pair's outing comes after the Problem singer shared a picture of Spongebob Squarepants on Instagram on Saturday showing the yellow cartoon sitting on the floor with no furniture

She said yes! Last week it was revealed that Pete had proposed to the popstar with a 3ct diamond sparkler estimated to have cost $93,000

According to a Hollywood Life source, Ariana has serious plans for her wedding to the comedian.

'Ariana is still on cloud nine from Pete's proposal and incredible ring,' they said last week.

'He totally surprised her and stole her heart, she never thought she could be this in love. It's a total whirlwind for Ariana and Pete, so they haven't officially started planning, but she's got lots of ideas about what she wants.'

The insider continued: 'She's been dreaming about getting married forever. She said for a long time that she wants her brother Frankie to be the one to walk her down the aisle. And, she wants her dogs to be included somehow too.'

Wedding of the year! According to a Hollywood Life source, Ariana has serious plans for her wedding to the comedian

Cuteness overload: The pair took to social media to show off more loved-up antics

Cloud nine: Davidson goofs off for his new fiance