Who Killed JonBenet Ramsey? 8 Possible Suspects JonBenét's mother, Patsy Ramsey, took whatever secrets of that morning she had with her to the grave when she passed away after a 13-year battle with ovarian cancer that eventually spread to the brain. Though both she and her husband John were formally exonerated in 2008 thanks to developments in DNA technology, many still suspect that the former Miss West Virginia accidentally murdered her six-year-old child in a fit of rage over a bed-wetting accident then covered it up post haste. From the outside, Patsy was your pleasant and influential suburban mother of two, known for her beauty-pageant-winning daughter JonBenét and the lavish Christmas parties she threw every year. Still, several pieces of evidence suggest she may have had more to do with the crime than she let on.

First, it's been speculated that while cleaning up yet another one of JonBenét's bed-wetting accidents, which are said to have occurred with some frequency, Ramsey flipped a switch and slammed the little girl's head against the side of a hard, blunt surface like a bathtub. Second, JonBenét was found with a rope around her neck, tightened by a homemade garrote determined to have been fashioned out of a paintbrush taken from Patsy’s paint kit that lay nearby. Third, the most bizarre ransom note in the history of ransom notes: Patsy said she discovered a two-and-a-half page ransom note on one of the rungs down the spiral staircase that led to the basement where JonBenét’s body was found. Written in strange verbiage that seemed lifted from classic crime films, the note demanded $118,000 be given to the "foreign faction" by 10 a.m. the next day, which was later figured out to be the same amount of John Ramsey’s Christmas bonus from his company Access Graphics. Some sources, including Boulder PD’s former co-leading investigator Steve Thomas have speculated that Patsy wrote the note herself in a moment of panic after realizing what she'd done to JonBenét. But the handwriting analyses – though convincing – were eventually found to be inconclusive. It was determined, however, that the note had been written on a piece Patsy's stationary from inside the home with her own pen.

In the years following the murder, Patsy appeared extremely defensive, once even hashing it out with a naysayer on Larry King Live. While family friends insisted that Patsy adored JonBenét and would never have put the little girl in harm’s way, some onlookers came down hard, criticizing Ramsey for sexualizing a vulnerable child through a string of beauty pageants.