The Bachelorette’s Dean Unglert Is Dating ‘Bachelor’ Alum Lesley Murphy The Bachelorette‘s Dean Unglert and Lesley Murphy, who appeared on Sean Lowe‘s season of The Bachelor, are dating, Us Weekly can confirm.

Related: 10 Times ‘The Bachelor’ Made Our Heads Explode! From Andi Dorfman dumping Juan Pablo Galavis to Ben Higgins using the L-word with two women, 'The Bachelor' and 'The Bachelorette' viewers have come to expect the unexpected — here are the series' 10 most jaw-dropping moments

The new couple, who met while filming The Bachelor Winter Games, were spotted together at a Chase Sapphire on Main party at the Sundance Film Festival in Park City, Utah, on Friday, January 19.

“They were holding hands walking through the party and looked very much like a couple,” an eyewitness tells Us Weekly, adding that they pair stood by themselves and were “talking only to each other.”

Unglert, who appeared on Rachel Lindsay‘s season of The Bachelor, has shared images of the travel blogger on his Instagram Story and the pair have been liking each other’s Instagram posts since December.

Related: The Bachelorette After the Final Rose: Broken Engagements, Weddings, Babies, and More! Find out what happened after the final rose for former Bachelorettes like Trista Rehn, Jillian Harris, Emily Maynard, and DeAnna Pappas, and their last men standing.

A source previously told Us that Unglert — who sparked controversy on the most recent season of Bachelor in Paradise with his love triangle between Kristina Schulman and Danielle Lombard — found redemption at the Winter Games and embarked on a new romance on the upcoming series, which premieres next month.

Murphy revealed in March 2017 that she was undergoing a double mastectomy after finding out she was at high risk for breast and ovarian cancer after testing positive for the BRCA2 gene.

Related: Celebrity Love Triangles We Forgot About Here are all the best and most complicated celebrity love triangles we forgot about — read more!

She shared a photo in April of her chest post-surgery before getting implants and admitted that her recovery wasn’t easy as her mom, who is a breast cancer survivor, had to wash and dress her. Murphy underwent an additional surgery in July to get breast implants.

Unglert, meanwhile, launched a podcast last September titled Help! I Suck at Dating.