'Accidents happen': Pap run over by Justin Bieber shares his recovery The pap reckons that Bieber’s car might be a bit big for him. (Picture: GAMR / BACKGRID)

The #blessed paparazzi who was run over by Justin Bieber this week has shared a video update on his recovery, and he’s surprisingly chill about the whole thing.

Living basically every fan girl’s dream, Maurice Lamont was ploughed down by the singer’s giant truck on Wednesday, with Biebs behind the wheel driving very slowly at the time.

The photographer took to Instagram on Thursday to share his progress with the world, and while he’s been resting up since getting knocked to the ground, he’s calmly insisted that ‘accidents happen’.

Justin was quick to hop out and check in with the photographer after knocking him down. (Picture: GAMR/Backgrid)

Lamont was standing in the wrong place at the wrong time (y’know, like in front of a moving car), when Justin attempted to leave his Hillsong religious meeting in LA.

A day later and the unlucky paparazzi filmed himself being wheeled around on a hospital bed, explaining: ‘Hours before my birthday hits, I get ran over by Justin Bieber. Isn’t that something?’

Responding calmly with zero mention of lawsuits, Lamont said: ‘He’s a good kid though. I think the truck is a little big for him. ‘Cause there is no way he could see over the front.’

Following the accident, Biebs was quick to hop out of the car to check that he hadn’t done any damage, which the photographer went on to credit him for.

‘He got out, he was compassionate, he was a good kid. Accidents happen,’ he told the camera, before adding that he was on his way for precautionary x-rays.

It seems as though Bieber might be going through a rough patch in his personal life at the moment.

He left fans devastated this week when it was announced that he’d be cancelling the rest of his Purpose World Tour at short notice due to ‘unforseen circumstances’.

A source told E! News that the star’s spirituality might also have played a part in him stepping back, claiming: ‘Justin’s definitely done some soul searching lately but it was his own decision to cancel the tour. It’s been hectic and that ‘rock star’ life doesn’t mix anymore with the life he wants to live.’

Having constantly performed at over 150 shows since March 2016, we’d say it’s probably time to give Biebs a break.

Arrow MORE: Justin Bieber says sorry for cancelling his Purpose world tour and hints it was due to exhaustion