Nikki Bella Gushes Over the Meaning of Her Engagement Ring WWE

It’s been one week since Nikki Bella finally got engaged to her longtime boyfriend John Cena — and she still can’t stop gushing over her gorgeous engagement ring!

The Total Divas star dished about the romantic meaning behind her new ring, which she was presented with during Wrestlemania — and the message is so touching!

“It represents every year we’ve been together and what we’ve been through,” the 33-year-old explained to E! News. “And then we meet in the middle at four-and-a-half years and we become one.”

MORE: Pregnant Brie Bella Shows off Her Baby Bump in New Instagram Pic

John, 39, had it custom-made by a designer at the famed luxury jeweler Tiffany & Co. and the stunning ring features a four-and-a-half carat diamond, which symbolizes the four-and-a-half years that they’ve been together. The band also features eight smaller diamonds set in a channel, In Touch previously revealed. John told Nikki that four diamonds on one side of the band represents him and the other side of the band — which also features four diamonds — represents Nikki.

The WWE power couple got engaged after nearly five years of dating — even though their engagement and upcoming nuptials seemed like it would never happen. Their relationship has been placed front and center on their E! Reality TV series Total Divas and their spinoff, Total Bellas. Throughout all the seasons, John seemed adamant that he never wanted to get married again after his 2012 divorce from high school sweetheart Elizabeth Huberdeau.

https://www.instagram.com/p/BSbMmg6BuiQ/

MORE: Nikki Bella Gushes Over Brie Bella's Growing Baby Bump on Instagram

But Nikki and John stopped by the Today show after their engagement and he explained why he changed his mind about wanting to get married again.

“I found the absolute right person,” he gushed. “I found a strong person I consider an inspiration, an equal, somebody who when I’m feeling down, picks me up — and somebody who, when she’s down, I can pick her up. It took a person that strong to change my view on life.”

Scroll through the gallery below to see more photos of Nikki's engagement ring!