Michael Jackson bodyguard biopic: 13 HUGE shocks 'Secret GIRLFRIENDS and escape plans' The new film aired on US television last night and features actors playing the roles of Jackson and his bodyguards. Everything shown, however, is based on the incredible revelations made by The King of Pop's security guards.

Beard and Whitfield exclusively told Express Online about the 13 most remarkable memories of working for Jackson.

From smuggling in secret girlfriends to family feuds and suitcases full of cash, passports and an Oscar statue, it is even stranger than anyone could imagine.

Based on the 2014 US book of the same name, Searching for Neverland gives an eye-opening account of what it was really like living in Michael Jackson's world.

We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

You won’t BELIEVE who is in talks to play Madonna in a 1980s movie

Trailer for Michael Jackson Lifetime biopic released 1769449466uoCGCZyG

Beard and Whitfield also published Remember The Time in the UK in 2015 and shared some incredible memories with Express Online. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

1. SECRET LOVERS Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Mr Jackson had at least two secret girlfriends who lived abroad. We met them when they flew in to visit during a summer vacation in Middleburg, Virginia. He kept their presence a secret from his family, his managers, even his children. We were the only two privy to their arrival, and even we were never told their real names; he referred to them only as “Friend” and “Flower".

2. ESCAPE PLANS

Mr Jackson carried a briefcase with $200,000, his treasured Oscar statue for Gone With the Wind and family passports.

3. FAMILY SPLIT

By the time he returned to America from Bahrain and Ireland in late 2007, Mr Jackson was almost completely estranged from everyone in his family except his mother. She would drop by unannounced and he always welcomed her.

Everyone else had to have an appointment to see him. Even Janet. On numerous occasions, his famous siblings would arrive, sometimes breaking through the security gate, only to be turned away.

4. BOOK WORM

Too famous to leave his house very often, Michael Jackson was a huge reader. He devoured books on history, art, science, you name it. On a single trip to the bookstore, he’d drop $5,000 on books like he was buying a pack of gum.

During a 2007 visit to Los Angeles, he found a used book store he liked so much that he bought it for $100,000 cash on the spot and had the entire collection hauled back to his Las Vegas home.

GETTY Michael Jackson and his mother

5. BUGGED BY BUGGING

Michael Jackson lived in fear of being secretly recorded. Before Mr Jackson entered any hotel room or conference room, he would have us sweep the room for cameras or listening devices.

If he even suspected that a room was bugged, he’d insist on changing rooms. When he discovered that a limousine company had failed to disconnect the security cameras mounted inside a car we’d rented, he had us confiscate the vehicle and hold it in the garage until the company agreed to turn over the recordings it had made so that they could be destroyed.

6. A BLOODY BUSINESS

Mr Jackson cut open his hand pulling a surveillance camera from a wall in a hotel in Washington, D.C.

7. CODE NAME KIDS

Most people know that in public, Mr Jackson required his children to wear masks in order to hide their identities from the paparazzi. That wasn’t the only precaution he took. He also gave the children code names to use with each other and for us to use over the radio. They were never to use their real names outside of the house.

8. KING OF CLASSICS

Michael Jackson may have been the King of Pop, but in his private time he listened almost exclusively to classical music. Bach, Beethoven, Tchaikovsky - that was the soundtrack running in his car and his house all the time.

One of his favourite pop songs, though, was My Prerogative by Booby Brown.

GETTY Michael Jackson's children at his memorial

9. A FRIEND IN DEED

Much to our surprise, Mr Jackson revealed to us that after OJ Simpson was acquitted for the murder of his wife, he allowed the disgraced football player to take refuge from the media at his Neverland Ranch.

10. MEDIA BLACKOUT

In his final years, Michael Jackson had virtually blocked out the entire world. Thanks to the relentless and typically negative tabloid coverage of his life, Jackson wouldn’t watch broadcast or cable TV, only DVDs. He had no computer and would typically have one of us search the Internet and send emails on his behalf.

On trips to bookstore and newsstands, we had to pre-screen the newspaper and magazine racks to make sure there were no Michael Jackson-related stories that he or the children might see.

The only American news Mr Jackson consumed was The Wall Street Journal, which he read religiously every morning, because it was one of the few places he was unlikely to read crazy allegations about his personal life.

GETTY Michael Jackson's children always wore masks in public

11. BRING YOUR OWN

Mr Jackson loved movies and would hire out whole cinemas for himself and his children. His favourite actor was Charlie Chaplin.

He also brought his own hot sauce and spray butter into the movies for his popcorn.

12. HITTING THE HOOPS

One of Mr Jackson’s favorite pastimes was playing basketball. He and his brothers learned how to play at Marvin Gaye’s house back in the Jackson 5 days. He would go out to the driveway all the time and just shoot hoops by himself for a few hours. It was his way to relax and unwind. He had a pretty good jump shot, too.

13. NEVER NEVERLAND

After Santa Barbara sheriffs ransacked Jackson’s Neverland mansion in 2003, he declared that he could never live there again; it was no longer a home where he felt safe.

Five years later, in 2008, the estate was exactly as the sheriffs had left it: drawers ransacked, furniture overturned, everything gathering dust.

Jackson and his children spent the remaining years of his life living in hotels and rented homes.