Georgina Rodriguez shows off post-baby body She gave birth to her first child, and Cristiano Ronaldo's fourth, on the 12th November.

And less than three weeks after welcoming baby girl Alana Martina with her footballer boyfriend, Georgina Rodriguez was pictured flaunting her incredible post-baby body.

The model, 22, stepped out in Madrid on Friday without her 32-year-old beau, showcasing her washboard stomach in gym gear.

Yummy mummy! Less than three weeks after welcoming baby girl Alana Martina with her footballer boyfriend, Georgina Rodriguez was pictured flaunting her incredible post-baby body

Slipping into a pair of fitted khaki leggings, she made the most of her shapely pins, teaming it with a matching crop top.

The ensemble perfectly showcased her enviable decolletage and jaw-droppingly flat stomach, just two and a half weeks after she gave birth.

Injecting a splash of designer with a Louis-Vuitton bag, she looked as though like she was settling into her maternal role perfectly, as she was spotted leaving the gym.

The beauty, who previously worked as a D&G sales assistant, opted for minimal make-up, chatting as she made her way through the sunny capital.

Turning heads! The model, 22, stepped out in Madrid on Friday without her 32-year-old beau, showcasing her washboard stomach in gym gear

Pictured with a bump in September: She gave birth to her first child, and Cristiano Ronaldo 's fourth, on the 12th November

Cristiano, who welcomed twins Eva and Mateo in June, as well as being father to Cristiano Junior, 7, by surrogate, confirmed he was expecting his first child with Georgina in July.

On the 13th November he then confirmed on his Instagram page: 'Alana Martina is just born! Both Geo and Alana are doing great! We are all very happy!'.

The announcement came just hours after model and reality TV star Natacha Rodrigues claims the pair had sex in March while he was in a committed relationship with Georgina.

Natacha, 21, claimed he had been messaging her and that he wrote: 'I love your bum. I want to see it in the flesh.'

Bedding her months after meeting his partner, Ronaldo messaged Natacha hours later saying 'top secret please', according to The Sun on Sunday.

Portuguese reality star Natacha said she feels used after the encounter, admitting: 'Now I think he just used me for sex. I don't have regrets because being with him was like a dream come true but I feel betrayed.'

Abs-stastic! The ensemble perfectly showcased her enviable decolletage and jaw-droppingly flat stomach, just two and a half weeks after she gave birth

And after spending the night together, Fifa's player of the year gave her a baseball cap as a parting gift, she said.

The couple have been seeing each other for just over a year, but Ronaldo recently revealed that is hoping for a jaw-dropping seven children.

The proud dad has admitted his eldest son wants six siblings, making a match in heaven for Cristiano’s CR7 fashion brand named after his initials and his football shirt number.

He is said to have made the admission during a Chinese TV interview picked up by papers in Portugal, as daily paper Correio da Manha quoted the star to say: 'Cristiano is very happy. He's doing well.

'He wants more brothers and sisters. He wants seven, the magic number, and I think that’s good.'

Baby joy! On the 13th November he then confirmed on his Instagram page: 'Alana Martina is just born! Both Geo and Alana are doing great! We are all very happy!'

Georgina has been a constant presence as the family recently welcomed twins early on in the summer.

Ronaldo confirmed the arrival of his twin children via a sweet Instagram post of himself and Cristiano Junior cradling the tots and later insisted he is 'very happy' after learning girlfriend Georgina is carrying his fourth child.

A source told a Portuguese newspaper at the time: 'They are very happy with the arrival of the baby. Everyone adores Georgina and are satisfied with this relationship.'

Proud dad: Ronaldo confirmed the arrival of his twin children via a sweet Instagram post of himself and Cristiano Junior cradling the tots in June

Georgina is said to have caught the Portuguese heartthrob's eye in the VIP section of a recent Dolce & Gabbana party.

It is said that they dated in secret for a few months, before going public with their romance by enjoying a date at Disneyland Paris in November.

The couple then first stepped out together publicly at the beginning of the year, when they attended the FIFA Football Awards in Zurich.