Hollywood Medium Tyler Henry brings Mel B to tears Tyler Henry is the celebrity medium who helps Hollywood's biggest stars connect with loved ones who have passed away.

And on Wednesday, the 21-year-old appeared on Today Extra with Sonia Kruger and David Campbell, discussing details from the psychic readings he holds with his A-list clients.

Speaking from Los Angeles, Tyler told the Australian morning show that he brought pop star Mel B to tears after connecting with her late grandfather.

Crossing over: On Wednesday, celebrity medium Tyler Henry appeared on Today Extra via satellite from Los Angeles to discuss his psychic readings with celebrities including Mel B

'She left that experience with her weight lifted,' Tyler said of his session with the star, which will air on the upcoming season of his program, Hollywood Medium.

Tyler also stated that during the reading he was able to reveal 'personal information that Mel B had never discussed publicly about some family matters.'

Mel, who recently underwent a high-profile split from husband Stephen Belafonte, is just one in a long line of celebrities to sit down with Tyler.

Moved to tears: Mel B was able to connect with her grandfather during her reading with Tyler

The psychic also held a reading with Bobby Brown, the ex-husband of Whitney Houston and father of the late Bobbi Kristina Brown.

During the psychic reading, both of the women, who died in tragic circumstances, were able to connect with Tyler.

Bobbi Kristina came through with 'very specific validations of childhood memories,' while Whitney communicated medical details about her death.

Tragic: Bobby broke down as Tyler discussed his late ex-wife Whitney Houston and late daughter Bobbi Kristina

According to Tyler, the experience helped Bobby 'more than any therapist ever had.'

In clips from the session, which will screen on the new season, Bobby can be seen with tears streaming down his face.

Tyler has also held readings with stars such as Khloe Kardashian and Eva Longoria, and the second season of Hollywood Medium is set to air on E!

Another A-list client: Eva Longoria sat down with the young medium