Mama June is rushed to hospital after losing sight Mama June Shannon was rushed to the hospital on Friday's episode of Mama June: From Not To Hot.

The reality star, 38, was taken to the emergency room by her beau Geno and daughter Alana - aka Honey Boo Boo - after waking up without vision in both eyes.

On the way to surgery, Mama June exclaimed: ''What if I lose sight in my good eye? I went totally blind in my right eye four years ago!'

Health scare: Mama June Shannon, 38, was rushed to the hospital on Friday's episode of Mama June: From Not To Hot

'I may not be able to see Pumpkin's baby,' she added regarding her teenage daughter who is pregnant.

After she was examined by the medical team, a doctor said: 'The reason you are having trouble is because of a detached retina, We need to get you into surgery right now.'

Mama June was concerned about the surgery as she exclaimed: 'I don't want to lose my independency.'

The retina was reattached and the surgery was a success allowing Mama June to return home to recover.

Rushing: The reality star was taken to the emergency room by her beau Geno and daughter Alana - aka Honey Boo Boo - after waking up without vision in both eyes

Scared: Mama June exclaimed: ''What if I lose sight in my good eye? I went totally blind in my right eye four years ago!'

However, there is a 50/50 chance she will regain sight after healing so the family continued to worry.

Even Pumpkin came back home to help her mother in the recovery as they sat on the bed and conversed.

Pumpkin and Josh had recently moved into a motel after a big blow up with her and her mother.

Future plans: 'I may not be able to see Pumpkin's baby,' she added regarding her teenage daughter who is pregnant

Family support: Even Pumpkin came back home to help her mother in the recovery as they sat on the bed and conversed

'So now it's time for your fat a** to move back into the house,' Mama said.

Meanwhile, Mama June's ex Sugar Bear was extremely upset because he thinks she is trying to keep their daughter Alana away from him.

He left an irate message as he screams into the phone:'I don't know what the hell you're trying to pull.

Domestic squabble: Pumpkin and Josh had recently moved into a motel after a big blow up with her and her mother

Daddy issues: Meanwhile, Mama June's ex Sugar Bear was extremely upset because he thinks she is trying to keep their daughter Alana away from him

'You're a damn b*tch, June. Last time you're gonna mess with me.'

He decided to throw bricks at a picture of Mama June that was taped up to a shipping container.

'How did you ever get mixed up with something like that. I just want to shake her,' Sugar Bear's girlfriend Jennifer said about Mama June.

The episode ended with Jennifer receiving a paternity test in the mail as she doesn't believe Sugar Bear is Alana's birth father.

Secrets: 'How did you ever get mixed up with something like that. I just want to shake her,' Sugar Bear's girlfriend Jennifer said about Mama June

Truth tea: The episode ended with Jennifer receiving a paternity test in the mail as she doesn't believe Sugar Bear is Alana's birth father



