VMAs 2017: Mel B makes a statement in loudly-printed dress Mel B didn't have to say a word when she stepped on the MTV Video Music Awards red carpet on Sunday.

The pop star, 42, let her dress by Discount Universe do all the talking as she proudly posed for photos at The Forum in Inglewood, California.

The former Spice Girls singer - who is currently embroiled in a bitter divorce battle with ex Stephen Belafonte - wore a sparkly sequin garment reading 'You will never own me' in bright letters.

Scroll down for video

Defiant: Mel B was sure to let the world know her laundry list of legal troubles couldn't get her down as she posed at the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday at The Forum in Inglewood

Mel showed off the dress from all angles, including the eye placed over her bottom on the back of the garment.

The dress retails for $409 and similar versions by the brand have been worn by Rihanna and Kesha.

Mel teamed her eye-catching dress with bright red stiletto heels, while wearing her newly-cropped blonde locks in a dramatic 'do.

Every angle: The former Spice Girls singer, 42, was sure to show off the garment from every angle, including an eye placed over her peachy derriere

Legal woes: The star is currently battling through three separate court cases pertaining to her divorce from estranged husband Stephen Belafonte

Mel and America's Got Talent co-judge Heidi Klum uploaded a video of themselves singing Rihanna's 2009 hit Only Girl In The World as they carpooled together to the event.

While Mel was attending the star-studded ceremony, her estranged husband Belafonte had headed for dinner with his family - dining at Gyu-Kaku Japanese BBQ in West Hollywood.

Spending quality time with his relatives, Stephen cut a relaxed figure in a white shirt and jeans while joined by his mother Cheryl, along with his siblings.

Relaxed: While Mel was attending the star-studded ceremony, her estranged husband Belafonte had headed for dinner with his family - dining at Gyu-Kaku Japanese BBQ in West Hollywood

Content: Spending quality time with his relatives, Stephen cut a relaxed figure in a white shirt and jeans while joined by his mother Cheryl, along with his siblings

Family affair: The group were seen cuddling up for a photo while dining inside the eatery

The former Spice Girl is currently battling through three separate court cases pertaining to her divorce from estranged husband Stephen Belafonte, who she married in 2007.

Friends close to the star are reportedly worried that the legal costs will spiral out of control as she's 'prepared to put everything on the line' to win the cases.

Mel is taking legal action against both Stephen - with whom she has five-year-old daughter Madison - and their former nanny Lorraine Gilles, who she claims had threesomes with them, got pregnant with Stephen's child and had an abortion during his and Mel's marriage.

Paling around: Mel posed with her America's Got Talent co-judge Heidi Klum on the carpet

The news comes after it was reported that Mel - who also has Phoenix, 18, and Angel, 10, from past relationships - could be hit with a £1.6 million bill after Lorraine, 26, won the right to sue her for defamation.

Lorraine insisted Mel had invited her to be part of the threesomes, they had also had a sexual relationship, and her pregnancy was the result of sleeping with someone else.

She is suing for libel, invasion of privacy, and intentional infliction of emotional distress and is seeking unspecified damages, which could cost Mel up to £1.6 million if Lorraine wins.

Judge Lyons 'strongly urged' the parties to settle out of court before the costly case goes to trial.

In happier times: Friends close to the star are worried that the legal costs will spiral out of control as she's 'prepared to put everything on the line' to win the cases (pictured June 2016)

A source close to the singer told The Sun newspaper: 'Mel's lifestyle has always been pricey, but these legal bills are another level.

'She knows the consequences could be catastrophic if she doesn't settle, but she's not used to backing down.

'She is absolutely furious with Stephen and with Lorraine, and is passionately fighting both of them through the courts.

'But she's playing with fire and seems prepared to put everything on the line to get back at him.'

Scarlet woman: Mel completed her show-stopping look with bright red stiletto heels

Seeing double: The dress retails for $409 and similar versions by the brand have been worn by Rihanna and Kesha