Sting sells 15 Central Park West penthouse for $50M British rocker Sting and his wife Trudie Styler listed their colorful futuristic duplex at the Robert A.M. Stern-designed 15 Central Park West for $56 million in May; now the New York Post reports that the massive pad at the headline-stealing celebrity magnet building has been sold to a mystery buyer for $50 million. The couple scooped up the 16th- and 17th-floor penthouse for $27 million in 2008 and enlisted the design pros at SheltonMindel to combine the units to create a unique home with not one but two sculptural spiral staircases and a double-sided spiral gas fireplace that was inspired by the Fibonacci spiral. The couple is reportedly buying a triplex in the latest Stern-designed limestone-clad trophy tower at 220 Central Park South, one of NYC’s most expensive apartment buildings.

The rockstar-worthy residence offers 5,400 square feet of interior space, four bedrooms and 44 feet of frontage along Central Park. The aforementioned fireplace divides the living room from the sitting room, which has built-in bookshelves, with more shelves nearby in the library.

Across the living space is a stylishly-appointed chef’s kitchen–equipped with two refrigerators, four ovens and three dishwashers–and one of the spiral staircases; adjacent is the dining room.

On the second level, accessible by a separate elevator entrance, there’s a luxurious master bedroom with breathtaking Central Park views. The ensuite bath includes his-and-her dressing rooms, double spa baths and a sauna.

Here’s a look at the 400-square-foot terrace, usable in all seasons thanks to heaters and a canopy.

In addition to those incredible views, residents at 15 Central Park West have access to spectacular amenities like a landscaped motor court, parking garage, 14,000-square-foot fitness center, skylit lap pool, sauna, screening room, private restaurant, wine rooms, a library, children’s playroom and an outdoor terrace.

Other famous residents of the “limestone Jesus” have included Robert De Niro, Denzel Washington, Bob Costas, Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein, Alex Rodriguez and and a gaggle of hedge fund bigs.

[Via NYP]

[Listing: 15 Central Park West PH16/17B by Suzun J Bennet for Sotheby’s and 15 Central Park West PH16/16B by Deborah Kern of the Corcoran Group]

RELATED:

Images courtesy of The Corcoran Group.