Jennifer Aniston We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.

(1969-)

Who Is Jennifer Aniston?

Jennifer Aniston's parents were both actors and encouraged her high school interest in drama. Aniston had a few minor roles before landing her career-defining role on the TV sitcom as Rachel Green. Since its conclusion in 2004, the actress has starred in numerous films, including , Horrible Bosses and Cake. Aniston also won a SAG Award in 2020 for her role in the TV series The Morning Show.

Early Life

Jennifer Joanna Aniston was born on February 11, 1969, in Sherman Oaks, California. The daughter of soap opera star John Aniston and actress Nancy Dow, Aniston began appearing in stage productions in the late 1980s. She attended Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts in New York City, where she was active in drama.

'Friends'

After several minor film and television roles, Aniston hit Hollywood gold by playing Rachel Green on the hit sitcom . Friends was a huge success, with the nation even dubbing Aniston's signature hairstyle on the show as "The Rachel." She stayed with Friends for 10 years, banking $1 million per episode for the last three seasons, until the show ended in 2004. She won both a Golden Globe and an Emmy Award during her tenure on the show.

Film Career

'Office Space,' 'Bruce Almighty,' 'The Break-Up'

Aniston has also nurtured a big-screen career, often alternating between small, independent films like 1999's and 2002's The Good Girl and big-budget productions like the Jim Carrey vehicle (2003). Other films include 2004's opposite Ben Stiller, Derailed (2005) and (2005). In 2006, she continued her mix of filmmaking styles with the ensemble production Friends with Money, which opened at Cannes, and the blockbuster romantic dramedy The Break-Up.

'Marley & Me,' 'He's Just Not That into You'

Aniston starred in alongside Owen Wilson in 2008. It set a record for the largest Christmas Day box office ever, with more than $14 million in ticket sales and a No. 1 ranking at the box office. Her next film, , premiered in February 2009. The movie made $27.5 million, again ranking No. 1 at the box office in its opening weekend. While the film received mixed reviews, Aniston's performance was praised by critics.

'Horrible Bosses,' 'We're the Millers,' 'Cake'

Aniston has continued to keep steady work in her genre of comedies and romantic comedies. In 2011, she starred in the film alongside Jason Bateman, Colin Farrell and Jason Sudekis. She would later work with Sudekis again in (2013). In 2014, she starred in as well as the drama Cake, for which she earned a Golden Globe nomination.

'Mother's Day,' 'Office Christmas Party,' 'The Yellow Birds'

The actress was featured in multiple movies during a busy 2016, joining the ensembles gathered for the rom-com and the comedy , while also delivering voice work for the animated . She then appeared in the war drama , which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in early 2017.

'Dumplin',' 'Murder Mystery,' 'The Morning Show'

After signing on for a series of projects with Netflix, Anniston appeared in the 2018 coming-of-age comedy Dumplin', as a former beauty queen who struggles to connect with her teenage daughter, before teaming up with Adam Sandler in June 2019 for Murder Mystery. That fall, she returned to a full-time TV gig with the TV series The Morning Show, alongside Reese Witherspoon and Steve Carell.

Jennifer Aniston 4-Movie Spotlight Now 13% Off $17 at Amazon

Personal Life

Aniston married actor Brad Pitt in 2000. The A-list couple divorced in 2005 following media speculation that Pitt had an affair with co-star Angelina Jolie. Afterward, Aniston was romantically linked to The Break-Up co-star Vince Vaughn and musician John Mayer.

In August 2012, Aniston announced her engagement to American actor and director Justin Theroux, known for his roles in several comedy films, including 2005's Strangers with Candy, 2011's Your Highness and 2012's Wanderlust, which also starred Aniston. In August 2015, they married in a secret, private ceremony at their home in Bel Air.

In February 2018, the A-list couple announced in a joint statement that they had separated late the previous year. Initially intending to keep the matter private, they decided to "convey the truth directly" to address the media speculation. "We are two best friends who have decided to part ways as a couple, but look forward to continuing our cherished friendship," they said.

Quick Facts

FULL NAME: Jennifer Joanna Aniston

BORN: February 11, 1969

BIRTHPLACE: Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles, CA

ASTROLOGICAL SIGN: Aquarius

Fact Check

We strive for accuracy and fairness. If you see something that doesn't look right, contact us!