Kim Kardashian says her 'idol' is MJ as she wishes her grandmother a happy 84th birthday The Kardashian family super matriarch MJ - whose full name is Mary Jo Shannon - turned 84-years-old on Thursday.

And her family too to social media to wish her a great birthday with gushing notes.

Her granddaughter Kim Kardashian, 37, was one of the first as she shared an old photograph with the caption, 'Happy 84th Birthday to my main idol, my grandma MJ!'

She looks up to her: Kim Kardashian gushed about her grandmother MJ as she wished her a happy 84th birthday on Instagram on Thursday

Always working: The 37-year-old entrepreneur has been plugging her KKW Beauty products all week; here she is seen in a photo from Thursday

The mother-of-three - she has North, Saint and Chicago with Kanye West - added, 'My grandma is the strongest person I know!

'I saw her be the provider of her family and run her own clothing store my whole life, she’s battled cancer and beat it twice, and she always gives me the realest best advice!

'She’s probably the only person on this planet that I still remember their home number by heart lol.

So much love for her mom: Kris Jenner, 62, shared a touching note. 'Happy birthday to my beautiful mom who I love beyond words!!!' she began

'My grandma has a finsta so everyone leave nice comments wishing her a happy birthday!'

A finsta is a combination of the words Fake & Insta(gram). When people have a finsta they post pictures they only want their closest friends seeing instead of their regular instagram(rinsta)followers to see.

Kris Jenner, 62, shared a touching note.

Flashback:Jenner added, 'I feel so blessed and forever grateful that we get to share so many precious memories together and go through this life together'

Two good: 'MJ you are my life and my heart and I love you more than words can ever express,' the momager said. Here they are seen in a photo booth

Thrice as nice: 'Thank you for every single thing you ever sacrificed or did for those you love. Especially me,' ended Jenner, seen here on the far right with Kim (center) and MJ (far left)

'Happy birthday to my beautiful mom who I love beyond words!!! I feel so blessed and forever grateful that we get to share so many precious memories together and go through this life together...

'MJ you are my life and my heart and I love you more than words can ever express.

'Thank you for every single thing you ever sacrificed or did for those you love. Especially me.

More MJ love: Khloe, 34, added her noted to Instragram. The mother of True Thompson said, 'In honor of MJ's birthday... 'l'm sharing my favorite memory with her!!'

Puckering up: The Good American designer also shared a clip to her Instagram stories that revealed the family was having a birthday lunch for MJ at the Polo Lounge inside the Beverly Hills Hotel

What, nothing from Gucci or Fendi? Khloe presented the matriarch with a bottle of gluten-free Tito's vodka

A sweet touch: MJ blew out the four pink candles on her white frosted birthday cake

Plugging KKW Beauty: Kim shared this clip of her mother Kris Jenner using the siren's new lipstick shade

'Thank you for loving me the way you do.... I thank God every day for you ..... I hope you have a magical day.'

Khloe, 34, added her noted to Instragram.

The mother of True Thompson said, 'In honor of MJ's birthday... 'l'm sharing my favorite memory with her!!'

The Good American designer also shared a clip to her Instagram stories that revealed the family was having a birthday lunch for MJ at the Polo Lounge inside the Beverly Hills Hotel.

Khloe presented the matriarch with a bottle of gluten-free Tito's vodka.