Meghan and Harry vs Kate and William kiss: How Diana inspired her boys to show love Meghan Markle kisses Prince Harry at polo match

Kate Middleton, Prince William, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle make up what is becoming known as the “fab four”, the next generation of royals.

A body language expert has analysed the two couples in the same scenario and gave her professional opinion on how they differ. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Judi James looked at images both couples kissing at the polo as the princes received awards. She claimed while the kisses are very different, this may have been inspired by the same women, the late Princess Diana.

“Both boys grew up with a hugely loving and tactile role-model in Diana, but they might each have taken away totally different lessons that they now apply to their married life displays,” Judi said.

For Harry and Meghan though there is a much more 'celebrity' approach to their PDAs Judi James

According to the body language expert, spontaneous body language and risk-taking behaviours are not a feature of either William or Kate's public profile. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

She said: “William has always been appropriately cautious for a man who is heir to the throne and his non-verbal behaviour since his teens often signals more introvert traits, in direct contrast to his extrovert, risk-taking younger brother Harry. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

“Harry seems happy to mimic his mother's trait of public displays of hugs and affection William might have grown up more aware of the potential risks involved.”

Kate Middleton and Prince William’s kiss William avoids the “royal soap opera signals that made Diana the victim of too much press attention” Judi claimed.

“His kiss with Kate at polo is suitably cautious and free of any open displays of emotion beyond general happiness.

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry kiss vs Kate Middleton and William’s analysed by expert

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry: Couple opt to kiss one another on the lips

“He leans in for his kiss rather than touching torsos and he even holds his award high up next to his ribs to ensure the spatial gap between them is more the 'friendship' variety rather than 'lovers’.”

However, his wife Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, seems to have the same attitude as her husband, with the pair perfectly in tune.

“Kate responds in a complementary way with her hand laid firmly but politely on his shoulder.

“We have to look at the subtler tie-signs to see evidence of the love that obviously exists between then two of them,” Judi said.

“Their mirrored smiles with Kate's cheeks rounded in an apple shape show genuine fun and delight at being together and Kate seems to chat while William grins happily.”

Kate Middleton and William: Risk-taking behaviours are not a feature couple's public profile

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s kiss This couple opt to kiss one another on the lips, rather than on the cheek as Prince William and Kate Middleton do.

“For Harry and Meghan though there is a much more 'celebrity' approach to their PDAs,” Judi said.

“They have been deeply tactile since we first saw them together at the Invictus games and the very spontaneous and relaxed Harry clearly found Meghan's traits of tactile and open displays of love and affection perfectly complimentary.

“When he does show signs of holding back at all she will always give him a cue to be more open, as she appears to here in this very intimate and rather sexy kiss at polo.

“The pair indulge in some eye-flirting first but then perform a passionate lip-kiss with Meghan's head tilted back as he leans forward to add to the romance.”

Who is Meghan Markle? Quick profile Meghan Markle was born Rachel Meghan Markle, on August 4, 1961 to parents Doria Ragland and father Thomas Markle.

Her father was previously married to Roslyn Loveless and Meghan has two elder half sibling - sister Samantha Markle and brother Thomas Markle Junior.

Actress Meghan’s first television appearance in the USA was in an episode of the medical drama General Hospital in 2002.

She later moved on to roles in CSI, Without a Trace and Castle along with bit parts in Hollywood films including Get Him to the Greek, Remember Me and Horrible Bosses.

Meghan was also a "briefcase girl" on Deal or No Deal - but her most famous role was as Rachel Zane in legal drama Suits, which launched in 2011.

She was written out in the finale of the seventh series when her character got married, which aired in April 2018 - just before she got married herself.

Charity and humanitarian work Meghan Markle’s career in television has gone hand-in-hand with her support for causes close to her heart.

She wrote about the stigma around menstrual health in an article for Time magazine and was a Global Ambassador for World Vision Canada - with whom she travelled to Rwanda for the charity's Clean Water Campaign.

And her commitment to gender equality has seen her work with the United Nations - receiving a standing ovation in 2015 for her speech to mark International Women’s Day.

Relationships In September 2011, she wed film producer Trevor Engelson, who she began dating in 2004.

But the pair divorced two years later in August 2013, citing irreconcilable difference.

She was in a relationship with celebrity chef Cory Vitiello for almost two years, before they broke it off in 2016 but the two remain good friends.

And in June 2016, she met Prince Harry on a blind date set up by a mutual friend.

Their relationship began in October that year and just over one year later, on November 27, 2017, the pair announced their engagement.

They married on May 19, 2018 at St George’s Chapel in Windsor Castle.

Meghan’s heritage Some have claimed Meghan Markle is the first mixed-race member of the Royal Family.

Historians are still arguing about Queen Charlotte, the wife of King George III.

The latest news and gossip from the Royal Family plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

But Meghan will be the first royal to openly embrace a mixed-race heritage.