PHOTOS — Kim Zolciak-Biermann Goes Makeup-Free and Wig-Free on Instagram! Share This:

Kim Zolciak-Biermann is showing the world that she’s not perfect in a makeup and wig-free selfie.

On Saturday, The Real Housewives of Atlanta star ditched the foundation and fake hair for a fresh look on Instagram.

“I feel beautiful with no makeup and no wig and I feel beautiful with makeup and a wig,” Zolciak wrote in the photo’s caption. “I love being a woman, dressing up, and I also love running around in my La Perla pajamas bottoms (that are old as sh*t I wear them everyday) and my bathrobe.”

“I think it’s really important to do what makes YOU happy!” the “Tardy for the Party” songstress continued. “I think it’s REALLY important to do YOU! Do what makes YOU happy! Love the skin you’re in!”

https://www.instagram.com/p/BfBcX5Jhnea/?taken-by=kimzolciakbiermann



According to the mom of six, her husband Kroy Biermann, praises her regardless if she’s natural or all dolled up.

“My husband makes me feel beautiful at all times!” she gushed.

Despite her proud admission to Botox injections, fillers, breast enhancement and tummy tuck procedures, and even cellulite injections, she continues to vehemently deny rumors of facial plastic surgery. And seemingly credits her appearance to her skincare routine.

“I have ALWAYS been into skincare and my skin. I have gone to bed maybe twice in my entire life with makeup on (yes even if I’m swaying at the sink hunni, I still scrub that face).” Adding, “I think it’s REALLY important to do YOU! Do what makes YOU happy! Love the skin you’re in!”

Do you believe this is Kim Zolciak’s bare face or Photoshop sorcery? Sound off in the comments!

“Like” us on Facebook “Follow” us on Twitter and on Instagram

Avigail is an Entertainment blogger at All About The Tea, who specializes in The Real Housewives of Atlanta and The Real Housewives of Potomac. Avigail has a background in marketing. She’s a Brooklynite living in the Bahamas, with a passion for travel, writing, reality TV watching, pop culture and spoken word.