New York Fashion Week: Meet the 10-year-old ‘drag kid’ that just made his runway debut Your support helps us to tell the story Read more Support Now From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging. At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story. The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it. Your support makes all the difference. Read more

As a boundary-breaking fashion brand that’s known for its diverse representation, Gypsy Sport is no stranger to casting a varied array of models for its shows.

From pregnant women and trans activists to rapper and reality TV star Cardi B, it has long been a champion of inclusivity in both its clothing and casting.

However, perhaps the most unexpected model to make an appearance on the brand's runway so far is Desmond Napoles – a 10-year-old LGBT+ activist and self-professed “drag kid.”

Walking alongside a varied troupe of models, Napoles, or as he’s better known, Desmond is Amazing, made his catwalk debut wearing an oversized black blazer with a ruffled Elizabethan collar, long polka-dot nails and his hair slicked across his forehead.

“Dreams do come true!” he wrote on Instagram.

“I FEEL A-MA-ZING!!! I am so thankful for all the opportunities today. I am so grateful for the love and support.”

After rising to fame two and a half years ago, the Brooklyn-born youngster first caught attention when dancing in a rainbow tutu at the 2015 Pride Parade and has since made quite the name for himself.

A performer of what he calls “kinderdrag”, the 10-year-old is the youngest member of the original iconic pioneering voguing ballroom house, the House of UltraOmni and says he is inspired by the fashions of the Club Kids and Blitz Kids as well as Andy Warhol, Alexander McQueen and Comme des Garcons.

But, that’s not all. The self-confessed “drag slayer” even sashayed for RuPaul at DragCon who told the crowd he was “the future of America”.

Living by the motto, “Be Yourself, Always”, Napoles is also an LGBT+ advocate, and is launching the first ever drag house for drag kids later this year called the Haus of Amazing.

Speaking of his achievements portrait photographer and film director, Danielle Levitt, wrote on Instagram, “It gives us so much joy to watch this 10-year-old person grow up."

“Desmond is a visionary child - he loves pageantry, drag and the larger queer community. A child yes, but if there is one thing I have learned from my work it is listen.

“Bravo Desmond is Amazing, may we all follow your lead.”