Botched's Paul Nassif sued by former patient after nose job Paul Nassif has been sued by a patient who claimed the Botched star performed a nose job that left him unable to blink.

Eric Klein in his lawsuit claimed he went to Nassif in September 2014 with trouble breathing, according to an article on Wednesday by TMZ.

A rhinoplasty, or nose job, was performed in November but Klein alleged it was done incorrectly.

Scroll down for video

Reality star: Paul Nassif, shwon in December in Beverly Hills, California, has been sued by a former patient over an allegedly botched nose job

Klein's eyelid wasn't closing right during a post-operation visit, but it was passed off as a result of swelling, according to the lawsuit.

The condition worsened over time and Klein said in court documents that he was referred by Nassif to some of his colleagues who blamed his inability to blink on a pre-existing condition.

Klein eventually learned that a medial canthal tendon was displaced when Nassif broke his nasal bone during the surgery, according to the lawsuit.

Hit show: Terry Dubrow is shown with Nassif in the November season finale of Botched

The lawsuit alleged that Nassif's colleagues tried to cover up the tendon issue to protect the reality star's reputation.

Nassif and fellow doctor Terry Dubrow have hosted Botched since its premiere in June 2014.

The E! network show follows Nassif and Dubrow as they try to remedy extreme plastic surgeries gone wrong.

Former couple: Nassif is shown with his ex-wife Adrienne Maloof in March 2012 at the Palms Resort and Casino in Las Vegas

Botched was renewed in July for a third season.

The E! network in October also announced the eight-show spin-off Botched By Nature that will star Nassif and Dubrow when it premieres later this year.

Nassif also previously appeared on the first three seasons of The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills when his ex-wife Adrienne Maloof was a main cast member.

They divorced in 2012 after 10 years of marriage and three sons together.