Melissa McCarthy makes out with 20-year-old man Melissa McCarthy has been happily married to Ben Falcone since 2005.

But in her new movie, Life Of The Party, the Hollywood vet has eyes for a much younger man.

In the clip, which she shared on Ellen DeGeneres' show, the 47-year-old actress is seen making out with a college student - played by 22-year-old Luke Benward - in a library when she attends college with her daughter.

Scroll down for video

Cougar lady: Melissa McCarthy makes out with a student, played by Luke Benward, in a teaser for her new movie Life Of The Party, which premiered on Ellen on Monday

On the show: The comedienne wore a pink paisley coat over a white top with dark leggings and platform shoe as she stepped on to Ellen's show

Melissa and the boy make out furiously among the books in a library.

The former stand-up comedienne told Ellen this was weird because her husband was watching the scene as he was directing the film.

'It's always fun working with my husband,' she began.

How it all begins: After her husband asks for a divorce, Melissa decides to go back to college

New life: But her daughter gets irritated that her mom is coming to campus

When asked what it was like making out with Luke in the film as her husband was behind the camera, she said: 'Professionally speaking, it was amazing. We meet and kind of hit it off. We are in a relationship, there is some making out in a library.'

And to make it even more awkward, it was shot on the day of her 11th wedding anniversary with Ben.

'He's weirdly yelling out things like, "Can you grab his butt in the next take." And we kept going Happy Anniversary?'

Makeover: Her little girl gives her a new haircut and dresses her differently to fit in

As far as the movie, Melissa says it has a lot of heart.

'We're tasking our daughter to college it's the first time she's going away which I can't even imagine.

'My character is very excited and her husband immediately says I want a divorce. She's crushed by it... She regretting not finishing school.

'My best friend is played by Maya Rudolph, she helps me pick me up and I go back to college, the same school as my daughter.

Her take: When asked what it was like making out with Luke in the film as her husband was behind the camera, she said: 'Professionally speaking, it was amazing'

Behind the scenes: And to make it even more awkward, it was shot on the day of her 11th wedding anniversary with Ben. 'He's weirdly yelling out things like, "Can you grab his butt in the next take." And we kept going Happy Anniversary?'

'But it's really sweet and hopeful. I love that concept that it's never too late to do anything to change or accomplish anything.'

The synopsis from the film supplied by Warner Bros reads: 'When her husband suddenly dumps her, longtime dedicated housewife Deanna turns regret into re-set by going back to college - landing in the same class and school as her daughter, who's not entirely sold on the idea.

'Plunging headlong into the campus experience, the increasingly outspoken Deanna - now Dee Rock - embraces freedom, fun, and frat boys on her own terms, finding her true self in a senior year no one ever expected.'

Money gals: Plus, in honor of Melissa’s mother-daughter college-themed movie, the two surprised audience members Chassidy Jackson-Goodwin and her daughter Jaida Jackson from Lincoln, Nebraska with $75,000

The comedienne wore a pink paisley coat over a white top with dark leggings and platform shoe for her sit-down with DeGeneres.

Ellen and Melissa talk about Ellen’s upcoming 60th birthday party and Melissa apologizes in advance for any dance challenges and chest bumps that may occur.

Melissa tells Ellen about how her seven-year-old daughter, Georgette, tries to leave the house wearing a full-face of makeup and also constantly 'plans for Armageddon.'

Her older daughter, Vivian, is a clone of Melissa with a passion for interior decorating.

Yes, she wore a beer apron: Melissa and the guests played a Life Of The Party version of beer pong game to raise money

This happened: The mom did well and was thrilled with her winnings

Melissa also hilariously chats about her two new beautiful, but dumb Golden Retriever dogs, which she calls 'horses,' Homer and Harper.

'Everyone gives them things because they're pretty,' she said.

Plus, in honor of Melissa’s mother-daughter college-themed movie, the two surprised audience members Chassidy Jackson-Goodwin and her daughter Jaida Jackson from Lincoln, Nebraska to play a Life Of The Party version of beer pong.

Backstage: Ellen and Melissa also talked about Ellen's birthday party, which The Heat star will attend

Jaida, a Junior at the University of Nebraska at Omaha, wrote to Ellen about how Chassidy put her education on hold to focus on raising her as a single parent, but has always dreamed of going back to college.

Since Chassidy is unable to afford their tuitions, Ellen surprises the mother and daughter with $25,000 to put toward their education, courtesy of Shutterfly.

The surprises continue when Melissa announces Life of the Party will donate an additional $25,000 and on top of that, Melissa and Ben are personally giving $25,000 for a total of $75,000.