Selena Gomez Accused of Lip-Synching at American Music Awards 2017 Selena Gomez returned to the stage at the 2017 American Music Awards on Sunday, November 19, for her first performance since undergoing a kidney transplant earlier this year. Despite her bravery, many viewers criticized the 25-year-old for allegedly lip-synching her latest single, “Wolves.”

Related: American Music Awards 2017 Red Carpet Fashion: What the Stars Wore The 2017 American Music Awards red carpet was full of glitz, glamour and lots and lots of skin. From Selena Gomez’s edgy leather minidress (and new platinum hair color) to legend Diana Ross’ over-the-top gown with matching headpiece to Hailee Seinfeld’s cool take on the tuxedo, here’s what stars wore to arrive at the show […]

A newly blonde Gomez hit the stage at Los Angeles’ Microsoft Theater in a short white nightgown and sneakers for her first performance in more than a year. She was joined by DJ Marshmello and a group of backup dancers. At the end of the song, Gomez appeared downcast as she shrugged at the applause from the star-studded audience and mouthed, “Thank you.”

“I was just about to say how nice it was to see all the performers singing live and not lip synching….until Selena Gomez came on… #AMAs,” one Twitter user wrote. Another tweeted, “Wait wait wait… okay y’all not trying to bash on anyone’s performance but was that a lip sync slip up or like some really loud back up vocals in Selena Gomez ‘s performance likeeeee…. genuinely asking #AMAs #2017.”

Related: American Music Awards: The Best, Boldest and Craziest Red Carpet Looks of All Time Such style statements! Ahead of the 2022 American Music Awards on Sunday, November 20, we’re taking a look back at some of the wildest, boldest and best looks ever worn to the awards show. The AMAs started back in 1971 and since then we’ve seen celebs walk the red carpet in some of the most […]

The “Bad Liar” singer’s legion of fans were quick to clap back. “Selena did amazing tonight. I don’t care what others say. Stay pressed. We Selenators are proud of our idol and for how hard she’s worked and everything she’s gone through. We love you Selena. You did great,” one fan tweeted. A second added, “may i remind y’all selena is still recovering from a kidney transplant and she just gave the performance of a lifetime. words can not express how emotional i’m feeling right now.”

Later in the night, Gomez thanked her fans for supporting her performance. “Thank you to my best friend Petra [Collins] for helping me bring it to life,” she said in a video on her Instagram story alongside the caption, “grateful grateful grateful.”

Related: See Selena Gomez’s Sexiest Styles of All Time From Disney darling to sizzling star! See Selena Gomez's steamiest ensembles through the years, both on and off the stage.

The Disney alum has yet to publicly address the lip-synching rumors.