‘Teen Mom OG’ Star Tyler Baltierra Loses 26 Pounds in 5 Weeks: Photos Tyler Baltierra is looking a bit different these days. The Teen Mom OG star has lost 26 pounds in five weeks — and is ecstatic with the result.

Related: Celebs’ Weight Loss Transformations Shocking, indeed! Some celebs seek out extreme methods to shed pounds, while others transform with the aid of healthier methods. From Rosie O'Donnell's and Jordin Sparks' respective 50 pound weight losses to Biggest Loser winner Rachel Frederickson's whopping 155 lighter frame, see before and after pictures of celebrities' weight loss transformations.

The reality star, 26, showed off his impressive weight loss with then and now pics via Instagram on Thursday, January 18. “6lbs DOWN!!! To be honest I didn’t even want to take a before picture, because I was already thinking of me not sticking with it & then having the evidence of failure to look back on. But DAYYUMM dude!” he wrote.

“This got me feeling some type of way right now! Left picture was almost 5 weeks ago & Right picture was today,” he continued. “Eating healthier just feels better & obviously looks better hahaha lol BOOM! #LifestyleChanges #Goals.”

Related: Hottest Bikini Bodies in 2017 See Jessica Alba, Hilary Duff, Fergie and more stars in the sexiest bikinis of 2017 — so far!

Baltierra’s wife, Catelynn Lowell, is on her own path to better herself. Just one day earlier, she announced that she was going to seek additional help again two weeks after returning home from treatment.

“Well they say third times a charm… I’m going back to treatment people for 6 weeks to work on my trauma and getting on different meds. THANK YOU @TylerBaltierra I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!!! You are my light!! And nova you are my sunshine #KeepTalkingMH,” the 25-year-old tweeted on Wednesday.

Related: Reality TV Tragedies Among those who have passed away in recent years are stars from Deadliest Catch, The Real World, Survivor, The Real Housewives, Buckwild, and The Bachelorette

Hours earlier, Baltierra gushed over his longtime love on social media. “I am SO PROUD of this woman! When you have been fighting your whole life to survive…it doesn’t just make you a survivor…it makes you a damn WARRIOR! I love you babe,” he wrote.

The couple are parents of 3-year-old daughter Novalee.