Tim McGraw & Faith Hill Have Special News on Their 21st Wedding Anniversary – SheKnows Tim McGraw and Faith Hill, country music‘s unofficial king and queen, have been married for more than 20 years, had successful individual careers and have charmed us all while doing so. Now they’ve gone and done the one thing we were hoping they would do, and it’s going to bring such joy to your heart. On Friday, McGraw and Hill announced that they’re releasing an album together.

More: We Can All Agree Tim McGraw & Faith Hill Are the Cutest Country Couple Ever

Now, for those who may not exactly be up-to-date on the movements of McGraw and Hill, you might have already thought they’d made an album together. I mean, it’s understandable. They’ve been together for more than two decades and have appeared as guest vocalists on each other’s singles over the years. A joint album should have materialized by now, logically speaking.

Related story Dolly Parton’s Heartfelt Song for Carl Dean Has Fans in Tears Over Its Rare Glimpse Into Their Ultra-Private Relationship

But alas, the time has finally come, and a dream has finally been fulfilled. McGraw and Hill released similar album announcements on their social media pages. On his Twitter, McGraw released a teaser video of their song “The Rest of Our Life” and this caption: “Excited to announce our new album and new single, The Rest Of Our Life. Thanx for being a part of our journey!”

https://twitter.com/TheTimMcGraw/status/916244172251844609?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw

E! News was quick to note that these country music legends made this special announcement on an extra-special day: their 21st wedding anniversary. Y’all, can you feel the love right now? Additionally, E! News reports that fans of the singers can scoop up the album on Nov. 17.

More: All Men Should Strive to Be Keith Urban on His Wedding Anniversary

The new album will reportedly feature 11 songs. Fans who have Amazon Prime and are chomping at the bit to hear “The Rest of Our Life” can go listen to the song and watch the music video right now. Also included on the album is the song “Speak to a Girl,” which the duo released back in June; it’s available now to Amazon Music Unlimited customers.

https://youtube.com/watch?v=FD-iFa5IjB8

More: Thomas Rhett & Lauren Akins Pose for Maternity Shoot, & OMG, It’s Perfect

Talk about some great news to finish off the week, right?