Meet Ryan McKenna, the kid who took a selfie with Justin Timberlake at Super Bowl LII To share the story of your loved one, you can submit an obituary using any of the following methods:

Email : Please include the information from our Obituary Checklist (referenced below) to obits@pioneerpress.com.

: Please include the information from our Obituary Checklist (referenced below) to obits@pioneerpress.com. Online : Use our Self-Service Portal for a step-by-step guided process.

Need assistance? Our obituary desk is here to help. Please call us at 651-228-5263 with any questions regarding the process or deadlines.

General Information:

Your full name,

Address (City, State, Zip Code),

Phone number,

And an alternate phone number (if any)

Obituary Specification:

Name of Deceased,

Obituary Text,

A photo in a JPEG or PDF file is preferable, TIF and other files are accepted, we will contact you if there are any issues with the photo.

Ad Run dates

There is a discount for running more than one day, but this must be scheduled on the first run date to apply.

If a photo is used, it must be used for both days for the discount to apply, contact us for more information.

Policies:

Verification of Death:

In order to publish obituaries a name and phone number of funeral home/cremation society is required. We must contact the funeral home/cremation society handling the arrangements during their business hours to verify the death. If the body of the deceased has been donated to the University of Minnesota Anatomy Bequest Program, or a similar program, their phone number is required for verification.

Please allow enough time to contact them especially during their limited weekend hours.

A death certificate is also acceptable for this purpose but only one of these two options are necessary.

Guestbook and Outside Websites:

We are not allowed to reference other media sources with a guestbook or an obituary placed elsewhere when placing an obituary in print and online. We may place a website for a funeral home or a family email for contact instead; contact us with any questions regarding this matter.

Obituary Process:

Once your submission is completed, we will fax or email a proof for review prior to publication in the newspaper. This proof includes price and days the notice is scheduled to appear.

Please review the proof carefully. We must be notified of errors or changes before the notice appears in the Pioneer Press based on each day’s deadlines.

After publication, we will not be responsible for errors that may occur after final proofing.

Online:

Changes to an online obituary can be handled through the obituary desk. Call us with further questions.

Payment Procedure:

Pre-payment is required for all obituary notices prior to publication by the deadline specified below in our deadline schedule. Please call 651-228-5263 with your payment information after you have received the proof and approved its contents.

Credit Card: Payment accepted by phone only due to PCI (Payment Card Industry) regulations

EFT: Check by phone. Please provide your routing number and account number.

Rates:

The minimum charge is $162 for the first 12 lines.

Every line after the first 12 is $12.

If the ad is under 12 lines it will be charged the minimum rate of $162.

Obituaries including more than 40 lines will receive a 7.5% discount per line.

On a second run date, receive a 20% discount off both the first and second placement.

Place three obituaries and the third placement will be free of charge.

Each photo published is $125 per day. For example: 2 photos in the paper on 2 days would be 4 photo charges at $500.

Deadlines:

Please follow deadline times to ensure your obituary is published on the day requested.

Hours Deadline (no exceptions) Ad Photos MONDAY – FRIDAY 9:00AM – 5:00 PM Next Day Publication Must receive obituary content and payment same day by 3:45PM Make changes by 4:00PM Must receive photo(s) by 4:00PM SATURDAYS 10:00AM – 2:00PM Sunday Publication Must receive obituary content and payment same day by 1:30PM Make changes by 2:00PM Must receive photo(s) by 1:30PM SUNDAYS CLOSED

MEMORIAM (NON-OBITUARY) REQUEST

Unlike an obituary, Memoriam submissions are remembrances of a loved one who has passed. The rates for a memoriam differ from obituaries.

Please call or email us for more memoriam information

Please call 651-228-5280 for more information.

HOURS: Monday – Friday 8:00AM – 5:00PM (CLOSED WEEKENDS and HOLIDAYS)

Please submit your memoriam ad to memoriams@pioneerpress.com or call 651-228-5280.