Schwarzenegger calls Trump a 'little wet noodle' after Putin news conference Advertisement

WorldNorth AmericaDonald Trump This was published 7 years ago Schwarzenegger calls Trump a 'little wet noodle' after Putin news conference July 18, 2018 — 8:54am Save You have reached your maximum number of saved items. Remove items from your saved list to add more. Save this article for later Add articles to your saved list and come back to them anytime. Got it Share A A A

Loading Los Angeles: Former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has lashed out at US President Donald Trump's rebuke of American intelligence agencies during a news conference with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Trump stunned the world on Monday by shying away from criticising the Russian leader for Moscow's actions to undermine the election and cast doubt on US intelligence agencies, prompting calls by some US lawmakers for tougher sanctions and other actions to punish Russia. "President Trump, I just saw your press conference with President Putin and it was embarrassing," Schwarzenegger said in a Facebook video on Monday, unshaven and appearing distraught. "I mean you stood there like a little wet noodle, like a little fanboy.

Advertisement

"I mean, I was asking myself, 'When are you going to ask him for an autograph or for a selfie or something like that?' " Related Article Barack Obama 'Politics of fear': Obama gives Trump sharp rebuke in Mandela address Schwarzenegger, who has repeatedly tangled with Trump, said the President "sold out" the nation as well as its intelligence and justice systems. "You're the President of the United States, you shouldn't do that. What's the matter with you? "I mean, whatever happened to the strong words or to the strength of Ronald Reagan when he stood there at the Berlin Wall, and he said, 'Mr Gorbachev, tear down this wall.'

Advertisement

"What happened to all that?" Schwarzenegger said, before sighing heavily. Related Article Donald Trump 'You have nothing': Father of MH17 victims lashes Donald Trump Trump tried on Tuesday to calm the storm, saying he misspoke in the joint news conference with Putin. Trump, who was given numerous opportunities to rebuke Putin publicly during the news conference in Helsinki, instead praised the Russian leader for his "strong and powerful" denial of the conclusions of US intelligence agencies that the Russian state meddled in the election. Standing alongside Putin, Trump told reporters he was not convinced it was Moscow. "I don't see any reason why it would be," Trump said.

Advertisement

But more than 24 hours after his appearance with Putin, Trump told reporters at the White House: "I said the word 'would' instead of 'wouldn't', "The sentence should have been, 'I don't see any reason why it wouldn't be Russia.' " Los Angeles Times, Reuters

Save You have reached your maximum number of saved items. Remove items from your saved list to add more. Share More: Donald Trump

USA

Vladimir Putin