Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn news: Rumored couple rendezvous after Jingle Ball concert Taylor Swift and her rumored boyfriend Joe Alwyn were spotted walking hand-in-hand in New York City after the singer performed at the Jingle Ball Concert on Friday, Dec. 8.

Six months after the rumored couple was first seen together in Nashville, Tennessee, they kept it low-key and casual as they walked around Midtown Manhattan.

According to Us Weekly, the couple had a private backstage party at the Madison Square Garden before Swift performed at Z100's Jingle Ball. "She arrived at MSG via an inside garage with her boyfriend Joe," an insider said.

The source added the event was "completely cornered off" and that security cleared every hallway for the pair to freely enter and leave.

"Everyone was having a great time and Taylor was beaming," the source shared.

After her performance, the two were also seen getting into an SUV together.

The private event was attended by Swift's close friends, married couple Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds. Also present were the Bleachers' Jack Antonoff, Broadway actor Ben Platt, and "Perfect" singer Ed Sheeran. He and Swift performed "End Game" together on the Jingle Ball stage.

Before Swift hit the stage, the audience got a huge surprise from guests Katie Holmes and daughter Suri Cruise. The duo introduced the "Look What You Made Me Do" singer as one of their favorite performers, to the delight of fans.

Other acts who performed at the Jingle Ball include Niall Horn, Julia Michaels, Charlie Puth, The Chainsmokers, Demi Lovato, Sam Smith, and more.

The 26-year-old pop singer and the 26-year-old actor have yet to confirm their relationship, despite being in the rumor mill for the past six months.

If Swift's songs in her recently released album "Reputation" will be the basis, however, the hit maker as good as confirmed the reports. The lyrics of her third single, "Gorgeous," in particular, leaves many hints at her relationship with her British beau.