Jodie Foster, Stephen Colbert parody ‘Silence of the Lambs’ in Trump-Russia investigation skit See more sharing options

Send this page to someone via email

Share this item on X

Share this item via WhatsApp

Share this item on Facebook

Jodie Foster stepped back into one of her most memorable screen personas during Friday’s appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert.

Donning a dark wig and sensible FBI-style outfit, Foster reprised her role as Clarice Starling from Silence of the Lambs in a sketch that found her seeking help from Hannibal Lecter as she investigates the alleged ties between Donald Trump’s electoral campaign and Russia.

WATCH: Stephen Colbert says firing Omarosa is the only job Trump is ‘qualified for’

2:22 Stephen Colbert calls Omarosa’s firing the only job Trump is qualified to do

Visiting Lecter in his high-security cell, Clarice outlines the evidence that’s been assembled so far: “The 12 indictments against Manafort and Gates, Flynn pleading guilty of Kremlin intermediaries reaching out to the Trump campaign, unreported meetings with the Russian ambassador, the meeting between Donald Trump Jr. and the Russian lawyer, the messages between Donald Trump Jr. and WikiLeaks, Trump calling on Russia to find Clinton’s missing emails.”

Story continues below advertisement

Lecter responds: “Seriously, you have that already? What do you need me for?”

Get breaking National news Get breaking Canada news delivered to your inbox as it happens so you won't miss a trending story. Sign up for breaking National newsletter Get Started By providing your email address, you have read and agree to Global News' Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy

READ MORE: Alec Baldwin singles out Stephen Colbert, John Oliver for turning talk shows onto ‘grand juries’

Then Clarice has a special request: to join the notorious serial killer inside his cell — because “it seems safer in there than it does out here.”

The Late Show with Stephen Colbert airs weeknights at 11:35 p.m. ET/PT on Global.