Jonathan Rhys Meyers cosies up to wife Mara Lane and son Wolf He's been focusing on his family life in the wake of recent troubles.

And Jonathan Rhys Meyers was enjoying a rare night out with his glamorous wife Mara Lane and their son Wolf, one, at a charity event in Los Angeles on Sunday.

The 41-year-old actor cut a dapper figure as he arrived at the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation's 30th Anniversary for A Time For Heroes Family Festival alongside his loved ones.

Happy families: Jonathan Rhys Meyers was enjoying a rare night out with his glamorous wife Mara Lane and their son Wolf, one, at a charity event in Los Angeles on Sunday

Jonathan looked happy and healthy as he graced the red carpet in a grey ripped T-shirt and a smart blazer.

Mara donned a low-cut sundress with fastening detailing on the bodice and a short hemline.

She wore her hair down in loose waves and completed her look with brown leather sandals.

Little Wolf looked adorable in a pair of silk trousers, a skeleton print hoodie and mini Gucci trainers.

Back to his best: Jonathan looked happy and healthy as he graced the red carpet in a grey ripped T-shirt and a smart blazer

Mara took to her Instagram account to raise awareness for the charity event, supporting children and families affected by HIV.

She enthused: 'What an amazing organization @egpaf supporting children and families affected by HIV/AIDS and what a FUN afternoon.

'Thank you for letting us be apart of the awareness and healing ❤️ If you have a moment please read up on all that they are doing and up to. www.pedaids.org xWJM'.

Mara also shared a number of sweet family snaps of the trio and her mother posing at the event.

Social media posts: Mara took to her Instagram account to raise awareness for the charity event, supporting children and families affected by HIV

Jonathan has vowed to stay sober after being detained following a drunken row with his wife onboard a plane in July.

In an interview on Larry King Now, the actor admitted drinking doesn't 'suit' him as he spoke about the incident, which led to him being detained at Los Angeles' LAX airport when his plane touched down on the runway.

The Dracula star, who was accompanied by his wife Mara and their one-year-old son on the flight from Peru, recalled: 'My wife and I had been travelling since 3 o'clock in the morning from Peru back to Los Angeles. And they gave away our tickets – it was just a problem with the airline.

'We had our baby, who was teething at the time, and it was all kind of frustrating. So we eventually got on the flight and my wife went to sleep and I very stupidly decided to order a drink.

She enthused: 'What an amazing organization @egpaf supporting children and families affected by HIV/AIDS and what a FUN afternoon'

'When my wife found that I'd ordered a drink, she got very, very angry with me because I shouldn't drink. It doesn't suit me and I had been sober for a long time.'

Jonathan admitted he was 'upset' by his actions but had apologised to all involved in the incident and thanked police for being 'incredibly kind and understanding'.

He continued: 'And so I felt that mistake and I got upset and I took out an e-cigarette. And the airline staff told me that I wasn't allowed to smoke an e-cigarette so I put it away.

'Then I spoke to the Los Angeles police once we got there, who were incredibly kind. Incredibly understanding. I apologised for my behaviour, and that's the entire story.'