'Wonder Woman 2': Everything we know so far about the sequel, now delayed until summer 2020 Oct. 22, 2018 Updated Nov. 1, 2018, 2:12 p.m. ET

Wonder Woman will be returning to save the day. But it's going to be a longer wait than we thought.

The sequel to director Patty Jenkins' critically acclaimed superhero film "Wonder Woman" is now set for release in 2020, Warner Bros. announced Monday. Here's everything else we know about "Wonder Woman 2":

1. The movie is now being released in summer, "its rightful home."

That's how star Gal Gadot spun the news that the next "Wonder Woman" is moving to June 5, 2020, the movie's third announced release date. The sequel had been scheduled for Nov. 1, 2019, and before that, Dec. 13, 2019.

2. The sequel is called "Wonder Woman 1984" and set in the same year.

At Comic-Con, Jenkins showed a clip of Gadot's Diana taking on bad guys and saving children in a retro mall.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

"When you dig into these eras, they as metaphors really symbolize things that are true always," she said, adding that the follow-up was set in the 1980s "because it really was mankind at its best and worst. We’re aware of the prices of some of our behavior nowadays, but we weren’t in the '80s – we were at the top."

3. Steve Trevor (played by Chris Pine) returns, despite his apparent death in the last movie.

It appeared that Steve Trevor, American pilot and Diana's love interest in the film, died in "Wonder Woman." But the character is back in "Wonder Woman 1984," set nearly 70 years after the first film, and he looks as though he hasn't aged a day.

Pine deadpanned at Comic-Con, avoiding any movie spoilers on why his character is featured: "I’m actually not even here right now. I’m an aura of emotional support for my pals."

Trevor is a particularly meaningful character for Jenkins. The filmmaker said at a Women in Entertainment summit last November that he reminds her of her father, "an American fighter pilot who, after the Vietnam War, was taken out of the armed forces and, coincidentally just like Steve does, flew for Europe doing allied combat where he played Russia. He passed away in a plane crash."

4. Kristen Wiig is playing the villain Cheetah.

An early look at Wiig in the movie shows her surrounded by taxidermy in what appears to be a museum of natural history. We're going to take a wild guess and assume that Wiig's character, Barbara Minerva, is looking at a cheetah. Cheetah is Minerva's alter ego, who possesses superhuman strength and agility.

"Narcos" star Pedro Pascal also appears in the sequel; however, his role is unknown.

5. General Antiope (Robin Wright) will return, in flashbacks.

Wright confirmed in a Net-a-Porter interview that her fan-favorite Amazon leader will be a part of "Wonder Woman 1984": She shot a flashback sequence with Connie Nielsen's Queen Hippolyta. Antiope, Diana's aunt and Hippolyta's sister, sacrificed herself to save Diana in "Wonder Woman."

Contributing: Brian Truitt