OJ Simpson's son Justin is all smiles at Florida Walmart Justin Simpson was in high spirits as he emerged from a Walmart in Florida on Thursday within hours of his father OJ's successful parole hearing.

The 28-year-old maintained a polite smile but ignored journalists' requests for comment on the news that his famous father will soon be released from prison.

Justin was just seven when his mother, OJ's ex-wife Nicole Brown, was brutally murdered outside her home in Brentwood, Los Angeles, along with her friend Ron Goldman.

Scroll down for video

Justin Simpson, 28, was seen leaving a Walmart in St. Petersburg, Florida, on Thursday after his father's parole hearing

He was asleep inside with his sister Sydney who was nine at the time and is now 31.

OJ was famously acquitted of their killings in 1995. He was imprisoned in 2008 for armed robbery.

Neither Justin nor his older sister decided to show up for their father's parole hearing in Nevada on Thursday.

Their older half-sister Arnelle did show up and spoke in favor of him being released. Arnelle's brother Jason did not appear.

During the hearing, an upbeat OJ, now 70, revealed plans to move back to Florida upon his release. He may be freed as soon as October.

He spoke about Justin and his sister, telling the Nevada parole board when asked why he wanted to be freed: 'I have four kids. I've missed a lot of time with those kids.

'I’ve done my time.'

Arnelle, OJ's daughter with his first wife, Marguerite Whitley, read aloud an emotional letter which helped secure her father's release.

'Thank you. I'm a little nervous, bear with me' said Arnelle while fighting back tears.

Simpson said nothing of the news of his father's impending release as he walked to his car accompanied by an unidentified woman

The 28-year-old made no comment as he hopped in to his car with his grocery bag in hand

OJ Simpson, 70, was granted parole at a hearing in Lovelock, Nevada, on Thursday

Justin's half-sister Arnelle spoke in favor of their father's release. She was the only one of his four children who attended the hearing

'As you know I'm here on behalf of my family. For the purpose of expressing what we believe is the true character of my father. No one really knows how much we have been through. This ordeal in the last nine years.

'My experience is that he's like my best friend and my rock. And as a family, we recognize that he is not the perfect man but he's clearly a man and a father that has done his best to behave the way that speaks to his overall nature and character.

'Which is always to be positive no matter what. He has spent the last nine years in Lovelock as we all know and has been a perfect inmate following all the rules and making the best of the situation.'

She referred to her 'sister and brother' but it's likely she was referring to her full-blood brother Jason and their deceased sister, Aaren, who died as a toddler after falling into a swimming pool.

She went in to a coma after being submerged in the water and never woke up.