Ben Stiller enjoyed pizza trip to Italy just before split It was just announced that Ben Stiller has split from his wife of 17 years, Christine Taylor.

And new pictures show the 51-year-old enjoying a pizza in Italy this week.

The actor posed for pictures at Gino Sorbillo's popular pizzeria in Naples.

Split slice: Ben Stiller got to enjoy pizza on a trip to Italy shortly before announcing his split from wife of 17 years Christine Taylor

He also stopped by a local art gallery, buying a terracotta statue of a clown, E! News reported..

Stiller had arrived there from Cannes, France, where he had attended the premiere of his latest movie, The Meyerowitz Stories: New and Selected.

On Friday the couple announced the shock news of their split in a joint statement.

'With tremendous love and respect for each other, and the 18 years we spent together as a couple, we have made the decision to separate,' Stiller and Taylor told ET.

The actor also enjoyed a visit to the Galleria Borbonica in Naples

It's over: On Friday the couple announced the shock news of their split in a joint statement (pictured at the Met Gala in May 2016)

'Our priority will continue to be raising our children as devoted parents and the closest of friends. We kindly ask that the media respect our privacy at this time.'

Ben, 51 and Christine, 45, first met on the set of Fox TV pilot Heat Vision and Jack in 1999.

They married in 2000 at an oceanfront ceremony in Kauai, Hawaii and share two children, daughter Ella Olivia, 15 and son Quinlin Dempsey, 12.

'When I met her, I pretty much thought, "That's the person,"' Ben told ET in a 2007 interview. 'It was like, "Wow, this is a great person. I love her."'

Over the years the couple starred in several comedies together, including Zoolander, Zoolander 2, Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story, Tropic Thunder and Arrested Development.

On the promo trail: The 51-year-old actor was pictured in Cannes last week with Adam Sandler for the premiere of The Meyerowitz Stories

Family affair: The last time the duo posed on the red carpet together was April 17 with daughter Ella at the Broadway opening night of Groundhog Day

In October last year, Ben revealed he had privately endured a secret health battle after being diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2014.

The Zoolander actor admitted he was taken aback when doctors detected the life-threatening disease because it came 'out of the blue'.

Speaking on SiriusXM's The Howard Stern Show in October, he said: 'It came out of the blue for me. I had no idea.

'At first, I didn't know what was going to happen. I was scared. It just stopped everything in your life because you can't plan for a movie because you don't know what's going to happen.

'As I learned more about my disease (one of the key learnings is not to Google 'people who died of prostate cancer' immediately after being diagnosed with prostate cancer), I was able to wrap my head around the fact that I was incredibly fortunate,' he wrote in a blog post.

They married in 2000 and share two children, daughter Ella Olivia, 15 and son Quinlin Dempsey, 12

Comedy duo: Over the years the couple starred in several comedies together, including 2004's Dodgeball (pictured)

'Fortunate because my cancer was detected early enough to treat. And also because my internist gave me a test he didn't have to.'

In February 2016 the couple opened up about how working together affected their marriage while promoting Zoolander 2, which Christine also stars in.

'It's the best. I mean, I think that, you know, the reality is there's such an unspoken connection,' Christine explained.

'I feel like for us, when we first met, it was on set... He's amazing.'

Working together: The duo are seen on the set of Zoolander in 2000

'[Having a] sense of humor [is the secret to our marriage],' she added, 'I have to say, sense of humor is the greatest thing.'

Ben agreed, adding 'I say that's the secret to a happy marriage anywhere in any city, not just Hollywood,

'I think you got to laugh, because after a while, you know, life is life. We all have to deal with what life throws at us, so you got to have a sense of humor about it. If you can share that, at the end, it makes a huge difference.'