Married at First Sight star is stunned after wife reveals she is pregnant A Married at First Sight star revealed to her husband that she was pregnant just two months after they filmed the show's reunion special.

Jephte Pierre, 26, and his wife Shawniece Jackson, 29, made the decision to stay together on the Lifetime reality show's season finale, but they were thrown for a loop when she learned that she was expecting their first child.

Last night's 'After the Finale' special ended with footage of Shawniece surprising Jephte with a pair of baby shoes.

Surprise! Shawniece Jackson, 29, told her husband Jephte Pierre, 26, that she was pregnant with their child two months after they filmed the Married at First Sight reunion special

Grinning from ear to ear: Shawniece was all smiles when she gave Jephte a present to open

'I know that you wanted to take baby steps in the beginning, but now we can actually take baby steps together because we're having a baby,' Shawniece told her husband.

Jephte looked shocked at first, but he had a bright smile on his face once the news had sunk in.

'I always wanted to be a parent, but I never imagined it to happen like so soon,' he admitted, but he wasn't the only one who was feeling apprehensive.

Shawniece started to tear up when she admitted that she was 'nervous and scared' about having a child so early in their relationship, but her husband was there to give her a big hug.

'I'm scared because I don't know,' she explained. 'I don't have it all figured out. I'm not a perfect person and I know you're not a perfect person, but I know that you care.'

Say what? When Jephte opened the box, he found a pair of baby sneakers

Father-to-be: Jephte looked shocked at first, but he had a bright smile on his face once the news had sunk in

Next step: 'I know that you wanted to take baby steps in the beginning, but now we can actually take baby steps together because we're having a baby,' Shawniece told him

'We are still trying to figure the whole marriage thing out,' she added. 'We don't have it figured out, and for this to happen, I'm like, "What?"'

'At least we know we'll be good parents,' Jephte said while trying to comfort her, and Shawniece agreed that he will be a 'great father.'

'I promise that I'm right here no matter what,' he assured her.

During the reunion special, the couple revealed they had gotten matching tattoos of the number eight — which symbolizes their renewed commitment to each other after the eight week experiment.

Shawniece recounted how Jephte told her that they needed to learn what works for their marriage, noting that they 'haven't lost sight of that.'

'We are uniquely making this our marriage and not anyone else's marriage. We're making it ours!' she said tearfully.

Support system: Jephte gave Shawniece a hug after she admitted she was 'nervous and scared'

Devotion: Two months before, the couple showed off their matching tattoos on the show's reunion special

Sentimental: They had gotten matching tattoos of the number eight — which symbolizes their renewed commitment to each other after the eight week experiment

Jephte, meanwhile, told his wife that she is an 'amazing' person who picks him up.

'You're sweet, you're caring and I know you're a good person,' he added. I can't think of one negative thing that I don't like about you.'

Last week, before the finale aired, Shawniece revealed that she was expecting her first child. However, she never clearly stated that Jephte was the father.

The mom-to-be told People that she was 'absolutely shocked' when she found out she was pregnant, explaining that she was in the emergency room because she had no idea why she felt so sick.

'I’ve always wanted to be a mom. I’ve always felt like that’s my purpose in life — to recreate some little Shawnieces in life,' she said. 'I think it’s the greatest gift a woman can have. Life is a beautiful thing!'

Mom-to-be: Shawniece revealed she is pregnant before last week's season finale, and she proudly showed off her baby bump in a maternity shoot

'Good day': Shawniece took to Twitter last week to reveal that she is pregnant

It's his! Jephte later confirmed that he is the father, saying he is about 'to be a pops'

Shawniece was likely trying to avoid spoiling the show's season finale, but Jephte later confirmed he was the father on Twitter.

'But hold up. I’m really bout to be a pops!!!! Can’t wait to hit them with the “Boy/girl if you don’t get your butt over!” Talking through me teeth - my little Haitian baby,' he wrote.

Tuesday's reunion special also featured Ryan Buckley and his wife Jaclyn Schwartzberg, as well as Jonathan Francetic and his estranged wife Molly Duff.

Ryan and Jaclyn chose to stay married on last week's season finale, and they proved at the reunion that they were still in it for the long haul.

Jaclyn talked about how the show's experts taught them to communicate better, and they seemed happier than ever.

'Seeing you walk down the aisle, it was the best day of my life,' Ryan told his wife.

Look of love: Ryan Buckley and his wife Jaclyn Schwartzberg revealed that they were still happily married on last night's reunion special

Dunzo: Jonathan Francetic and his estranged wife Molly Duff were still wearing their wedding rings to avoid awkward conversation, but they were dead set on getting a divorce

And while Molly and Jonathan knew why the experts had matched them, they were unable to make their marriage work.

Although they were still wearing their wedding rings, it was ultimately because they didn't want to have to tell people they were getting divorced.

Dr. Jessica Griffin, Dr. Pepper Schwartz, and Pastor Calvin Roberson were admittedly confused by their failed marriage because they were very attracted to each other on their wedding day.

Molly said it was Jonathan's 'hyper' and 'boyish' behavior on their honeymoon that made her realize she wasn't sexually attracted to him.

"I gave it my best shot. Had Jon said he wanted to keep trying, it would've been hard for me to not keep trying,' she said, but Jonathan was done with the marriage.

'Do I want to be in an abusive relationship? The reality of it is no,' he said.