Apparently The Weeknd Was NOT Cool With Selena Gomez & Justin Bieber Hanging Out When Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber reunited for a chill session at Selena's L.A. home last week, Abelena shippers groaned with dread while Jelena shippers rejoiced.

According to every inside source imaginable, Justin and Selena are just rekindling their friendship, not a romantic relationship, and some sources even said The Weeknd was totally okay with the prospect of the exes reconciling as friends.

Well, according to E!News,it turns out Selena and The Weeknd broke up sometime last week and have been discussing their split since the summertime, long before Jelena reemerged as friends.

But, apparently, despite Abelena's broken-up status, The Weeknd still is NOT as okay with Jelena's renewed relationship as originally reported. Especially not how close they seem to have become in so short a time.

"Abel is upset about Selena hanging out with Justin, especially twice in the same week," an inside source told E! News.

But what's the problem if Abelena were already donezo by the time Jelena started chilling? Did the Weeknd expect Selena to lay low for a month and not hang out with boys, or something? Though, to be fair, Sel hanging out with Justin, her most famous ex, twice in a week before even announcing their breakup — and the resulting media storm — must have been a shock to The Weeknd.

Despite The Weeknd being in his feels about Jelena chilling, insiders are still insisting the pair are keeping things purely platonic.

"Selena and Justin have reconnected because they have gone through similar stuff in the past couple years with being physically and mentally exhausted from touring and just dealing with the anxiety and pressure of growing up in the public eye," another source told E! News. "They have always had a strong connection, and they are leaning on each other as friends. They are both there for each other to talk and support one another."



Well, that settles that. Though, I doubt Jelena shippers are going to let a little ~friendship~ get in the way of their OTP.

Noelle Devoe is the Entertainment Web Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!