Sex and the City 10 Years Later: The Final Rankings What’s Good: Well, this is the season that started it all, that introduces us to Carrie, Samantha, Miranda, and Charlotte, and Big and a few other recurring characters. You have to admire the strange moxie it took, for HBO to put together a half-hour sex comedy, starring Sarah Jessica Parker and two other women in their 30s (and one in her 40s), run by gay men. The casting is perfect, the writing is flirty and sharp, and Carrie still smokes. It's important that Carrie smokes. I can’t exactly explain why, but it is.

What’s Not: Oof, well, it’s obviously the most dated, in terms of both its cultural references and its social viewpoint. It’s all too easy to forget that Season 1 of SATC feels derivative partly because so many shows and movies that came after it were imitations. It’s like watching Pulp Fiction now and trying to separate it from every hip crime movie it inspired. Aside from the problems of time, the first season relies heavily on not only the corny people-on-the-street interviews, but Carrie’s direct address to the camera. It’s hard to say which gimmick I like less, but certainly neither has aged well.

Best Episode: “The Baby Shower” Oddly, it took Carrie and friends getting out of Manhattan to get the show moving toward its thematic groove—Carrie is skeptical about the settled-down life, Miranda is caustic (and correct), Samantha is brassy, and Charlotte is a pinched bore, but not yet the insane person she would later become.

Worst Episode: “Models and Mortals” The series’s second episode is way too enamored of its own supposed edginess, presenting us with a narrow sliver of a male demographic that only sleeps with models. Sure, there are guys like that out there, but this “type” is played up as such a universal fact that the show has rarely felt more extra-dimensional.

Season 5

Photo by Tom Kingston/WireImage

What’s Good: A transitional season that was truncated because of Parker’s real-life pregnancy, these eight episodes hum with a ruefulness that is probably largely owed to the fact that they were the first to be written and shot after September 11. In an odd way, that chilly, nervous air works for the show in some places. Carrie is an uncertain mess, Charlotte struggles with divorce, new mom Miranda is exhausted and crabby, and Samantha warily gives a man a misguided second chance. There’s a weird episode where Samantha and Carrie take a train to San Francisco that works when it really shouldn’t. (It’s also the episode that Charlotte and Harry began their nice romance, which helped Charlotte come down closer to Earth after spinning into madness during the Trey years.) Carrie’s skittishness about entering a new relationship and her utter nastiness over the publication of her book offer a sly meta-criticism of the show in its particular time—how useful or meaningful is all this ultimately inconsequential stuff in a world where so many terrible things happen? Downbeat isn’t really the best tone for this series, but Season 5 is still an interesting peer into the show’s version of the abyss.