Kanye West Debuts a NSFW Yeezy Campaign with Nude Models in Sneakers As Fashion Month comes to a close, suffice it to say that sneakers remain a constant in footwear trends. Let’s face it, they are always à la mode, but our latest street-style analysis demonstrates precisely which sneaker trends you should be investing in for 2025.

We’ve rounded up the key styles that are getting the cool-sneaker stamp of approval, with the assistance of Caroline Maguire, senior fashion director at , making the process of creating your spring shopping list a breeze. As a teaser, she is calling out retro sneakers and canvas high-tops as a few of her must-have buys for the months ahead (two trends we at Bazaar can certainly get behind).

With styles ranging from bold and bright colors, channeling the mood of the warmer months ahead, to minimalist essentials that can enhance even your best office ensembles, your tired soles will thank you. Find everything from designer investments from Miu Miu, Prada, and Loewe to heritage styles from Adidas, Nike, and Converse. The best part? Not only are all of these trend-forward, they’re extremely comfortable too.

Ahead, shop the six sneaker trends that will dominate 2025.



1. Retro Kicks

Jeremy Moeller

“Retro sneakers with gummy soles are still dominating the market,” Maguire says. “They pair effortlessly with everything from denim to skirts, creating a bold, playful vibe. I love how versatile they are, even in their bright colors.” Maguire recommends leaning into heritage brands, such as Gola, Nike, and Adidas, which offer “classic styles but with a modern twist.” Whether you go for clean black and white or want to experiment with a pop of color, be sure to look for the shoe’s signature detail: its caramel-colored rubber sole.

2. Sleek Suede Trainers

Edward Berthelot // Getty Images

It’s undeniable that suede is having a major moment in fashion right now, from suede jackets to bags, and the sumptuous texture has now extended to sneakers. Stick to clean, low-line silhouettes inspired by slick vintage runners. There are fresh styles to shop from Louis Vuitton, Prada, as well as from Puma, whose Speedcat sneakers have already caught the eyes of celebrities including Emily Ratajkowski and Jennifer Lawrence.

3. Metallic Sneakers

Valentina Frugiuele

“Metallic sneakers are a major trend for 2025, offering both style and function,” says Maguire. “They bring such an edge while remaining versatile and wearable, perfect for the spring season ahead.” Maguire favors brands like Salomon and Asics to nail the upgraded Dad-sneaker look. “Both brands offer comfortable, performance-driven sneakers with sleek designs that are always on trend,” she explains.

4. Classic High-Tops

Daniel Zuchnik

“High-tops are already making a strong comeback for 2025,” Maguire tells Bazaar. “They’re comfortable and go with almost any outfit.” We saw designer interpretations on the runway at Loewe and Stella McCartney, but Maguire advises that you can never go wrong with the OG. “For a timeless investment piece, Converse is a standout choice,” she says. “Their classic Chuck Taylor high-tops and low-tops remain a go-to for effortless style and versatility. They’ll always continue to be a staple in sneaker fashion.” When made from cotton canvas, these sneakers are ideal for the warmer months ahead.

5. Colorful Sneakers

Edward Berthelot // Getty Images

If the winter blues had you down, inject a little color into your wardrobe with cool kicks in bright hues for the season ahead. It comes as no surprise that this trend also nods to the past, with plenty of retro silhouettes in the mix. Street-style favorites right now include Adidas’s Tokyo low-tops and Reebok’s Classic AZs, but you’ll want to keep your color palette slanted toward shades from the ’70s. As seen here, they can upgrade your everyday work uniform, like that favorite blazer and trouser combination with a dose of color and casual comfort.

6. Ballet Sneakers

Raimonda Kulikauskiene // Getty Images

The ballet sneaker is one of the more controversial shoe trends in 2025. Whether you love Simone Rocha and Cecilie Bahnsen’s renditions that embrace volume and texture or prefer something more minimal, like Wales Bonner’s streamlined version, these strapped styles nod to the traditional ballet flat and Mary Jane shoes that have become mainstays in our closets, now with the added bonus of a comfortable footbed.