Pippa Middleton's Honeymoon Hotel Is Named After a Famous American Actor Now that Pippa Middleton and James Matthews’ wedding is over, the couple is ready for a little fun. The newlyweds reportedly have plans to honeymoon in Tetiaroa, an atoll in French Polynesia. Middleton and Matthews will reportedly be enjoying their first few days as husband and wife at The Brando, a high-end, eco-friendly resort that welcomed former President Barack Obama and wife Michelle for a post-presidency getaway in April.

Legendary actor Marlon Brando purchased the island in the 1960s after falling in love with it during the filming of his 1962 flick Mutiny on the Bounty; he also met his third wife, Tarita, on the set of the film. The Brando was a shared vision between the Godfather actor and businessman Richard Bailey, and the pair began conceptualizing the project in 1999. However, Brando passed away in 2004, and the resort didn't open its doors till a decade later, in late 2014. Since then, it has acted as an exotic escape for some of the biggest names in Hollywood, including Leonardo DiCaprio and Barbra Streisand. The island resort is environmentally conscious, making use of seawater air-conditioning, solar electricity, and generators running on coconut oil.

Marlon Brando and his third wife, Tarita, on the set of Mutiny on the Bounty. She inspired him to purchase the atoll. The LIFE Picture Collection/Gett

The resort features 30 one-bedroom villas for about $3,370 a night; four two-bedroom villas for approximately $6,740 per night; and one 2,648-square-foot, three-bedroom villa for about $10,117 a night. As one would imagine, the latter is the preferred property for celebrities and honeymooners, though newlyweds who prefer a cozier accommodation opt for a one-bedroom villa.

Each one-bedroom villa includes a cozy sitting room, a media room, and a walk-through dressing area that opens onto an adjoining bedroom with a king-size bed. The rooms are decorated in neutral beige tones and accented with woven grass mats for a rustic, natural feel, which is carried through the rest of the resort. Each villa also comes complete with an outdoor bathtub and a wooden deck leading to a 107-square-foot private stone plunge pool overlooking a lagoon and surrounded by an abundance of pandanus, miki miki, and coconut trees.