Carrie Fisher Cause of Death: Actress Died of Sleep Apnea Carrie Fisher died from sleep apnea and a combination of other undetermined factors, the Los Angeles County coroner’s office confirmed to the Associated Press on Friday, June 16.

Related: Most Shocking Celebrity Deaths of All Time Us Weekly looks back at the stars who died before their time, including Amy Winehouse, Prince and Whitney Houston — see the most shocking celeb deaths

According to the coroner, the Star Wars actress, who died last December at the age of 60, showed signs of having taken multiple drugs, though officials could not determine whether those contributed to her death. She also had a buildup of fatty tissue in the walls of her arteries.

The coroner said Fisher’s manner of death would be listed as undetermined.

Related: Celebrity Deaths in 2016: Stars We’ve Lost In 2016, we said farewell to some of the most legendary names in music and film, including Alan Rickman, Lemmy Kilmister and David Bowie — see the other celebrities Us Weekly is paying tribute to this year

In a statement to the AP, the late movie star’s brother, Todd Fisher, said he was not surprised by the findings. “We’re not enlightened. There’s nothing about this that is enlightening,” he said. “I would tell you, from my perspective that there’s certainly no news that Carrie did drugs. I am not shocked that part of her health was affected by drugs.”

Carrie battled drug addiction and mental illness for many years. In her books and live performances, she candidly opened up about smoking marijuana at age 13, using LSD by 21 and being diagnosed with bipolar disorder at 24.

Related: Carrie Fisher’s Life in Pictures and Memorable Quotes Carrie Fisher passed away at the age of 60 on December 27, 2016, after suffering a massive heart attack. In honor of her legendary career, relive her most memorable moments and quotes here

“[She] battled drug addiction and mental illness her entire life,” the Wishful Drinking author’s daughter, actress Billie Lourd, said in a statement to Us after the coroner’s results were released. “She ultimately died of it. She was purposefully open in all of her work about the social stigmas surrounding these diseases. … I know my Mom, she’d want her death to encourage people to be open about their struggles. Seek help, fight for government funding for mental health programs. Shame and those social stigmas are the enemies of progress to solutions and ultimately a cure. Love you Momby.”

Just one day after Carrie’s death, her mother, movie icon Debbie Reynolds, died at age 84.