Tom Cruise reveals his ankle is still broken following injury He suffered an ankle injury after performing a stunt during filming for the latest series of Mission Impossible in August last year.

And Tom Cruise revealed his ankle hasn't fully healed from the damage during his segment with Alison Hammond on Friday's edition of This Morning.

The screen star, 56, admitted that his ankle is still broken following the stunt 11 months ago, but insisted he's gone through 'great rehab' as he's on the road to recovery.

Tom Cruise has revealed his ankle hasn't fully healed from the damage during his segment with Alison Hammond on Friday's edition of This Morning

During his interview in Paris, France, TV presenter Alison, 43, kicked off their discussion by inviting the star to talk about his stunts.

Tom - who sustained the injury after smashing into the side of a building - shared: 'Mission: Impossible – Fallout is jam-packed with action... I've been doing this my whole life, climbing on trees, breaking bones.'

'I broke an ankle, so they were concerned with running the film. Even though it's still broken, I went through great rehab.'

Injury: The screen star, 56, admitted that his ankle is still broken following the stunt 11 months ago, but insisted he's gone through 'great rehab' as he's on the road to recovery

The Magnolia actor proved to be fully dedicated to the role, as he admitted: 'I actually flew the helicopter. Its very dangerous!'

Overwhelmed with shock, Alison asked: 'Do you think you could ever lose your life?'

The award-winning star bluntly confessed: 'Yes, but I train really hard so that won't happen. I love flying, I trained for the movie, so I enjoy it.'

Candid: During his interview in Paris, France, TV presenter Alison, 43, kicked off their discussion by inviting the star to talk about his stunts

Production for the film was halted for two months while Tom recovered from his injuries, though Paramount insisted the movie would still meet it's planned release date this coming summer.

Paramount's full statement read: 'During production on the latest Mission: Impossible film, Tom Cruise broke his ankle while performing a stunt.

'Production will go on hiatus while Tom makes a full recovery, and the film remains on schedule to open July 27, 2018.

Passionate: Tom - who sustained the injury after smashing into the side of a building - shared: 'Mission: Impossible – Fallout is jam-packed with action... I've been doing this my whole life'

'Tom wants to thank you all for your concern and support and can't wait to share the film with everyone next summer.'

Luckily the leading man was not bedridden for too long, as Tom was spotted back on set in Brentwood, Essex in October.

The latest film in the Mission Impossible franchise, titled Fallout, will find the titular Ethan Hunt and IMF team 'race against time after a mission gone wrong'.

Dedicated: The Magnolia actor proved to be fully dedicated to the role, as he admitted: 'I actually flew the helicopter. Its very dangerous!'

Tom detailed the nasty injury on The Graham Norton Show earlier this year, stating: 'I was chasing Henry [Cavill] and was meant to hit the side of the wall and pull myself over but the mistake was my foot hitting the wall.

'I knew instantly my ankle was broken and I really didn't want to do it again so just got up and carried on with the take.

'I said, 'It's broken. That's a wrap. Take me to hospital' and then everyone got on the phone and made their vacation arrangements.'