Are Scott Disick and Bella Thorne Dating? Also About Scott Disick’s Wild Nights Partying With Bella Thorne and Ella Ross!! – Married Biography Are Scott Disick and Bella Thorne Dating? Also About Scott Disick’s Wild Nights Partying With Bella Thorne and Ella Ross!!

Looks like Scott Disick has found himself a new Girlfriend!

Scott Disick and Bella Throne have been seen together a couple of times and last they were seen partying the night away.

Are becoming an item?

Let’s Find out!

Bella Thorne and Scott Disick

The Keeping up with Kardashian star Scott Disick has been seen cozying up with Bella Thorne. The couple was seen together on many occasions and also had dinner together at Catch LA in Hollywood on Monday and then they went to the celeb haunt the Nice Guy, according to ET.

An insider told ET that the couple later went to The Peppermint Club and listened to music. They then left together in Disick’s car.

Disick, who has been in an on-and-off relationship with Kourtney Kardashian for 10 years, called himself a “sex addict” when he appeared in a recent episode of “Keeping Up with the Kardashians” when he was caught bringing a woman on a family vacation with the Kardashian/Jenners.

Before Thorne, Scott Disick was most recently sighted with a 19-year-old model Ella Ross. Bella Thorne is keeping up with a busy career and love life. She has allegedly dated Charlie Puth, Gregg Sulkin, Tristan Klier, and Kenton Duty.

Also read Bella Thorne getting cozy with Ex Gregg Sulkin; Hook up with Scott Disick in Cannes! Find here more about their relationship

Dinner Date with Bella Thorne and Ella Ross

Scott recently enjoyed a dinner date with Bella Thorne at Hollywood hotspot Catch L.A. and also disclosed that he has canceled plans with rumored love interest Ella Ross for a chance to sit down with the 19-year-old actress.

The source revealed that Scott, 33, told Ella that he had to attend a birthday dinner and pulled out of their previously-decided date. But by chance Ella showed up at the same restaurant with a group of gal pals, only to find Disick and Bella sharing a table.

Ella ran into Scott and Bella again the same evening, this time at the Peppermint Club where Ella was partying with Leonardo DiCaprio and his crew, the source adds.

Kourtney is dating Younes Bendjima and as for how Scott feels about Kourtney’s new relationship, E! News has come to know that he’s having a tough time letting go.

“Scott doesn’t like Kourtney dating Younes at all. He doesn’t want to see photos of them or know about it. Kourtney has tried to give Scott a heads up that he might be seeing photos, but Scott can’t stand seeing her with someone else, especially Younes.”

Also read Playboy Scott Disick: his sex addiction, his romantic flings, and separation from Kourtney Kardashian: Know all of it here!

Update on Scott’s relationship

Scott’s latest girlfriend is said to be Sofia Richie and both are vacationing at Mykonos! Bella Thorne is in a relationship with English actor Gregg Sulkin.

Short Bio on Bella Throne:

Bella Thorne is a young American actress best known for her role as Ruthy Spivey in the television film My Own Worst Enemy (2008). She is also widely recognized for her lead role as CeCe Jones on the Disney Channel series Shake It Up (2010-2013). – See more at…

Short bio on Kourtney Kardashian

Bold and Beautiful Kourtney Kardashian is an American television personality, model, businesswoman, and socialite. She is best known for the reality series ‘Keeping up with the Kardashians’. With the success of ‘Keeping up with Kardashians’ she even appeared in ‘Kourtney and Khloe Take Miami’ and ‘Kourtney and Kim Take New York.’ She is also an author who has written ‘Kardashian Konfidental’. – See more at…

Share this

Disclaimer Statement: Married Biography's editors wrote and updated all of this data based on their best knowledge and understanding. If any mistakes are found, please use our email to report this content and images.