Khloé Kardashian Has Allegedly Given Birth To A Baby Girl Amid Tristan Thompson Cheating Drama TMZ reports Khloé Kardashian has finally welcomed her baby girl.

The publication says the 33-year-old delivered a baby girl early Thursday morning around 4 AM EDT at a hospital outside Cleveland. The little girl reportedly doesn't have a name as yet.

Khloé's sisters Kourtney, Kim, mother Kris Jenner and Khloé's BFF Malika were by her side during the birth. It's is unknown whether Khloé's boyfriend, Tristan Thompson, was present for his daughter's arrival amid his recent cheating scandal.

The birth comes four months after the 33-year-old reality star confirmed she was pregnant after months of speculation.



ELLE UK first reported that the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star might be pregnant back in September, and since then the family have done their best to drop hints about Khloé's pregnancy.

In an interview on The Ellen DeGeneres Show in January, the star opened up about her decision to wait until announcing her pregnancy.

Read Next

'I wanted to have a baby for so long, and it was just the perfect timing in my eyes. God always has this plan, and I just want to do it on my time and when I felt comfortable to do so,' she explained.

In late March, Khloé revealed her baby's name initial would be a 'T', just like her father's, and has been struggling with pregnancy lips for months.

Earlier in the month, the new mum celebrated an early baby shower where she wore a pink shimmering outfit at the extremely OTT pink party.

For the festivities, Khloé decorated the party venue in animal-themed place settings, pink roses hanging from the ceiling, a pink cake, a giant floral elephant, pink balloons and a pink neon light of the words 'Baby Thompson'.

In February, Khloé's younger sister Kylie gave birth to her daughter, Stormi Webster, 17 days after sister Kim Kardashian welcomed baby girl, Chicago West, via surrogate.

We couldn't be happier for you, Khloé!

Related Story Kylie Jenner Shows Off Slim Stomach In Selfie Clip

Related Story Kylie Jenner Gives Birth To Baby Girl