The Dot Eyeliner Trend: Here's Exactly How to Pull It Off Instagram content

For Emma Robert's look, professional makeup artist Kara Yoshimoto Bua kept her look, which was inspired by Coco Chanel BTW, supersimple with neutral eye-shadow shades on the actress's lids. First, Bua smudged the taupe shade from the Tisse Camelia

Chanel Quadra Eyeshadow in Tissé Gabrielle An eye-shadow palette with four cool, shimmery gray-based shades

onto the lower lash lines. Next, she brushed a shimmery brown onto the outer part of Roberts's upper lash line for "soft, natural definition," Bua says. Then, Bua swept a champagne powder on Roberts's upper lids, inner eyes, and brow bones to give her a lit-from-within glow. (These Best of Beauty-winning products can help you get there, too.) Then, she finished off with the petal pink shade on Roberts's creases.

And just how do you get those damn dots so precise?

Just last week, Flirt Cosmetics launched the Dot Dot Dot Dual Ended Liner ($22), which makes things hella easier. One side has your classic felt-tipped liner. The other has a special dotting applicator. Revlon also has a ball-point liner that has literally a ball point. Both option create the perfect spots. Hughes and D'Angelo also suggest using the round end of a makeup brush. You can dip it into a black liquid lipstick (we like the one from Sephora Collection), gel liner or create your own mixture with some setting spray and black eye shadow like Hughes does. The latter lets you be "in control of the consistency," Hughes says. "A watery one works best."

As for placement, use your pupils for alignment. Then, create dots either right below your lower lash lines, like Roberts's look, or below the folds and fine lines of your undereye area. Agazzi likes to wear them almost on top of her cheeks, so don't afraid to stray from your waterlines. And remember, as D'Angelo says, 'Dot liner is fun, hard to mess up, and it washes off at the end of the day!'"

More beauty looks you'll love:

Now, learn more about the dot eyeliner look Pat McGrath created for Anna Sui: