Arie Luyendyk Jr. and Lauren Burnham kiss passionately in Barcelona He dumped her for another woman and then took her back on the eye-popping season 22 finale of The Bachelor.

But Arie Luyendyk Jr. and Lauren Burnham seem to have put their trouble behind them, kissing passionately on a Barcelona sidewalk while holidaying there Thursday.

They had previously been on vacation to Iceland, where Arie's Instagram Story included a snapshot of his 25-year-old showing off her derriere in a skimpy swimsuit as she floated in a hot spring.

Scroll down for video

Feel the heat: Arie Luyendyk Jr. and Lauren Burnham seem to have put their trouble behind them, kissing passionately on a Barcelona sidewalk while holidaying there Thursday

Steamy: They had previously been on vacation to Iceland, where Lauren flashed a bit of bum in a skimpy black one-piece and gave new meaning to the phrase 'hot spring'

When the duo were pap-snapped in Barcelona this Thursday, they were at one point seen beaming as they gazed romantically into each other's eyes.

As they kissed, she held his face with her hands as he lifted her slightly off the ground, keeping a tight grip round her lower back.

Lauren draped both her arms around her dramatically older fiance, 36, while he wrapped just one round her and stuck the other hand in his pocket.

Staying close: When the duo were pap-snapped in Barcelona this Thursday, they were at one point seen beaming as they gazed romantically into each other's eyes

Swept off her feet: As they kissed, she held his face with her hands as he lifted her slightly off the ground, keeping a tight grip round her lower back

Holidaymaking: The loved-up pair both seemed to be drinking in their fill of the city's sights, both pointing outward with looks of wonderment on their faces

Just a number: Lauren draped both her arms around her dramatically older fiance, 36, while he wrapped just one round her and stuck the other hand in his pocket

A fine romance: Taking his bride-to-be playfully by the hand, Arie spun her around in a bit of a dance as pedestrians ambled past them along the sidewalk

The loved-up pair both seemed to be drinking in their fill of the city's sights, both pointing outward with looks of wonderment on their faces.

Taking his bride-to-be playfully by the hand, Arie spun her around in a bit of a dance as pedestrians ambled past them along the sidewalk.

Arie, who sports distinguished flecks of grey in his hair, wore a navy and black checked button-down shirt with its top button left open.

Feeling free: The two of them wore faces of blissful relaxation as they danced on the sidewalk to the apparent total disinterest of passersby

So chic: Arie, who sports distinguished flecks of grey in his hair, wore a navy and black checked button-down shirt with its top button left open

When you got it: The hunky race car driver-turned-reality star folded up the sleeves of his top to the elbow, allowing for a glimpse of his toned forearms

Accessorizing: A gleaming watch was clasped round his left wrist, and it featured a navy strap that elegantly matched his bottoms

Cozy: He showed off his svelte legs in a fitted pair of navy pants, and he clashed them elegantly against a shade of deep brown boots

The hunky race car driver-turned-reality star folded up the sleeves of his top to the elbow, allowing for a glimpse of his toned forearms.

He showed off his svelte legs in a fitted pair of navy pants, and he clashed them elegantly against a shade of deep brown boots.

Meanwhile, Lauren concealed her svelte frame by pulling on a baggy full-sleeved white print sweater that vaguely resembled a smock.

Meanwhile: Lauren concealed her svelte frame by pulling on a baggy full-sleeved white print sweater that vaguely resembled a smock

Eminently stylish: Her wavy, platinum blonde hair tumbled free over her shoulders, and she warded off the chill by flinging a denim jacket casually over her shoulders

Coordinated: Lauren slipped into a set of midnight blue pair of leggings, and she rounded off her ensemble with a pristine pair of white sneakers

A bit of dazzle: She added a splash of glitz to the look by putting on a gleaming pair of massive hoop earrings that frequently vanished behind her hair

Backdrop: He dumped her for another woman and then took her back on the eye-popping season 22 finale of The Bachelor

Onlooker: A grey-haired fellow with a briefcase leaned against a wall and stared in the couple's general direction with an expression of utter boredom

Cheek to cheek: Lauren's hair billowed back attractively and her jacket sleeves flared outward as she enjoyed a spin on the pavement with her beau

Her wavy, platinum blonde hair tumbled free over her shoulders, and she warded off the chill by flinging a denim jacket casually over her shoulders.

Lauren slipped into a set of midnight blue pair of leggings, and she rounded off her ensemble with a pristine pair of white sneakers.

She added a splash of glitz to the look by putting on a gleaming pair of massive hoop earrings that frequently vanished behind her hair.

On the move: On Wednesday, he was regaling his Instagram following - which numbers about 475,000 - with images of their travels through Iceland on his Story

Pampering themselves: The dramatically indecisive Bachelor gave his fans a look at a sea of guests bobbing in the Blue Lagoon Geothermal Spa on a Grindavik lava plan

A place in the sun: An amazing photo taken underground showed a sort of stalagmite made of snow, stretching upward toward a fissure that allowed light to stream in

Arie's Instagram Story has been aflutter with updates of the hot couple's jaunt through Europe over the past couple of days.

On Wednesday, he was regaling his following - which numbers about 475,000 - with images of their travels through Iceland.

One image, which was location-tagged to Reykjavik and seemingly shot through a car window, showed a snowy rural landscape and a frozen-over body of water.

The thrill of it all: Arie also put up a much darker image of icy stalagmites and stalactites inside a cave, writing effusively: 'This place was insane!'

Bundled up: As it was a romantic vacation, he obviously had to include a picture of himself and his girlfriend wearing anoraks and cozying up to each other underground

Bon voyage: 'Off to Barcelona,' Arie captioned a video showing a white and bright purple plane as it sat on the tarmac, waiting for its passengers to climb aboard

Soon after, he gave his fans a look at a sea of guests bobbing in the Blue Lagoon Geothermal Spa on a Grindavik lava plan.

An amazing photo taken underground showed a sort of stalagmite made of snow, stretching upward toward a fissure that allowed sunlight to stream in.

Arie also put up a much darker image of icy stalagmites and stalactites inside a cave, writing effusively: 'This place was insane!'

On the move: His fiancee-turned-jilted-lover-turned-fiancee again seemed thrilled with the adventure as she headed up the stairs into the aircraft

Berries and bubbly: Barcelona offered up quite a bit of luxury to the prospective spouses, as Arie indicated with a photo he posted to their Instagram Story on Thursday

As it was a romantic vacation, he obviously had to include a picture of himself and his girlfriend wearing anoraks and cozying up to each other underground.

'Off to Barcelona,' Arie captioned a video showing a white and bright purple plane as it sat on the tarmac, waiting for its passengers to climb aboard.

His fiancee-turned-jilted-lover-turned-fiancee again seemed thrilled with the adventure as she headed up the stairs into the aircraft.

Heading up: In a brief video, Arie also showed his fans the sumptuous city view that he and Lauren get to enjoy from their 'Private balcony'

What a vista: He held the camera in front of him as he ascended the stairs up onto the roof and eventually peered over the railing at the magnificent town

Barcelona offered up quite a bit of luxury to the prospective spouses, as Arie indicated with a photo he posted to their Instagram Story on Thursday.

A bottle of Moet & Chandon stood next to a pair of champagne flutes, which had been arranged on a table behind a display of chocolate-covered strawberries.

In a brief video, Arie also showed his fans the sumptuous city view that he and Lauren get to enjoy from their 'Private balcony.'

He held the camera in front of him as he ascended the stairs up onto the roof and eventually peered over the railing at the magnificent town.

Balancing act: In another video, Lauren could be seen lounging indoors on a couch, giggling as she attempted to hold her phone and a champagne flute in the same hand

What a landscape: Arie's actual main Instagram page has been similarly breathtaking, as with one Iceland photo that showed him lifting Lauren from the ground for a smooch

In another video, Lauren could be seen lounging indoors on a couch, giggling as she attempted to hold her phone and a champagne flute in the same hand.

Arie's actual main Instagram page has been similarly breathtaking, as with one Iceland photo that showed him lifting Lauren from the ground for a smooch.

Lauren and Arie beamed, cuddling up together, in an Iceland selfie that was snapped in front of a waterfall and then uploaded to his Instagram page.

He has also posted a photo of the pair of them stood on the tarmac in front of the plane that was about to whisk them southwest to the Iberian Peninsula.

Bright spirits: Lauren and Arie beamed, cuddling up together, in an Iceland selfie that was snapped in front of a waterfall and then uploaded to his Instagram page