Bella Hadid flaunts incredibly plump pout... after denying any lip fillers She's always denied altering her face with surgery or fillers.

But Bella Hadid sparked rumors once again on Friday when she shared a series of posts with a noticeably plumper pout.

The 22-year-old flaunted her incredible hourglass physique with a full face of makeup and racked up nearly one million likes and 10,000 comments in the first hour.

Lip service: Bella Hadid unveiled a huge new pout while posing in a white crop top and bike shorts on Instagram

‹ Slide me › All in the makeup? The model flaunted her incredibly plump lips on Friday, after revealing earlier in the year that she was 'too scared' to get lip fillers because she didn't want to 'mess up' her face (L: 2014, R: 2018)

'connecting...,' she captioned the incredibly sultry posts.

Bella dressed in a tiny white crop top and bike shorts that showcased her tiny stomach and long lean legs.

Her brunette locks were styled back and out with a small braid feature seen pulling her hair back on her crown.

Posing up a storm: Her brunette locks were styled back and out with a small braid feature seen pulling her hair back on her crown

Did she get fillers? Fans went wild over her new plumped up look

And while Bella has continued to state that she hasn't had any fillers as she was too 'scared', some fans didn't seem to agree.

'Looks like someone got their lips done,' commented one follower.

Others however defended the younger sister of Gigi Hadid and stated that they had just been overdrawn with lip liner.

All in the makeup? Some defended the younger sister of Gigi Hadid and stated that the makeup artist had just been overdrawn her lips with lip liner

'if you see close up pap pic of this looks its very noticeable the overlining,' wrote one.

Another however agreed they had been overlined but wasn't a fan of the final product: 'i love her.. But whoever did her makeup f**ked her lips up! Her top lip is wayyyy too overdrawn!'

Bella told InStyle earlier in the year that she had never had cosmetic facial enhancements and urged her heaters to 'scan' her face for themselves.

'Too scared': Bella's very debatable plump pout comes after she told InStyle earlier in the year that she had never had cosmetic facial enhancements and urged her heaters to 'scan' her face for themselves (2018)

'People think I got all this surgery or did this or that. And you know what? We can do a scan of my face, darling,' she hit back.

'I'm scared of puting fillers into my lips. I wouldn't want to mess up my face.'

And it's not the first time Bella's denied such accusation, clapping back a social media comment in April this year.

Flashback: Bella's look has changed a lot over the years. She is seen her with mom Yolanda Foster and former step-dad David Foster in 2010

A fan account shared a 50/50 of the Vogue model and friend Kendall Jenner both wearing ensembles without a bra.

An Instagram user commented on the post: '2 fake b*tches sitting in a tree, first comes the nose job, then come the lips, oh and don't forget the built in cheeks.'

Bella was not having a bar of it.

'I wish you would know either of our personalities,' she began.

'And not only that, I wish you would only grasp a heart of your own. Blessings to you sweetheart. Jealously is a cry for help that I wish I could help you with.'

Bella acknowledged her changing facial features earlier in the year, and told Cosmopolitan it had come down to growing up and her diagnosis of Lyme disease in 2012.

'I was also kind of chubbier growing up until I was 15, so there were a lot of things I had to grow into - I definitely had to grow into my face a lot. I wasn't very secure with myself until recently,' she confessed.

'I don't contour every day, but it's life-changing for sure. I mean contouring your nose and jawline. Whew!' she said.