Bridesmaids And Page Boys Announced For Prince Harry And Meghan Markle’s Royal Wedding Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have finally revealed their bridesmaids and page boys for the Royal wedding.

Kensington Palace previously stated that the bride-to-be will have no adult bridesmaids 'because she's unable to choose between her friends', and will instead be surrounded by children as page boys, bridesmaids and flower girls.

The bridesmaids include Princess Charlotte, Florence van Custem, Remi Litt, Rylan Litt, Ivy Mulroney and Zalie Warren.

Meanwhile, the page boys are Prince George, Jasper Dyer, Brian Mulroney and John Mulroney.

Prince George and Princess Charlotte will be dusting off their tails and flower baskets on Saturday as they previously performed similar wedding roles at the wedding of Pippa Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge's younger sister, to James Matthews in May last year.

Getty Images

Here’s your break down of who the bridesmaids and pageboys are:

Read Next

Who are the bridesmaids?

Princess Charlotte of Cambridge, aged 3: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's niece.

Florence van Cutsem, aged 3: Goddaughter of Prince Harry and daughter of Alice van Cutsem and Major Nicholas van Cutsem.

Remi Litt, aged 6: Goddaughter of Meghan and daughter of Benita Litt and Darren Litt.

Getty Images

Rylan Litt, aged 7: Goddaughter of Meghan, daughter of Benita Litt and Darren Litt (sister to Remi).

Ivy Mulroney, aged 4: Megahn’s BFFs Jessica Mulroney and Benedict Mulroney's daughter.

Zalie Warren, aged 2: Prince Harry's goddaughter and the daughter of Zoe Warren and Jake Warren

Who are the page boys?

Prince George of Cambridge, aged 4: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's nephew and third-in-line-to-the-throne.

Jasper Dyer, aged 6: Godson of Prince Harry and the son of Amanda Dyer and Mark Dyer.

Getty Images Jessica Mulroney and Meghan Markle

Brian Mulroney, aged 7: Son of Jessica Mulroney and Benedict Mulroney.

John Mulroney, aged 7: Son of Jessica Mulroney and Benedict Mulroney.

The royal website explains that details about the bridesmaids’ dresses and the page boy uniforms will be available on the wedding day.

We can't wait to see what the little ones wear for their big roles!