Liam Gallagher calls brother Noel 'sad f**k' for no-show at One Love Manchester concert Your support helps us to tell the story Read more Support Now From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging. At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story. The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it. Your support makes all the difference. Read more

Liam Gallagher has criticised his brother Noel after he failed to appear on stage for the One Love Manchester concert at Old Trafford.

The former Oasis frontman performed following rumours that an Oasis reunion could be on the cards, however Noel Gallagher was not seen at the event.

After the show Liam wrote on Twitter: "What an amazing night last night pure love vibrations nobody comes close to Manchester love forever...

"Oh and if anybody's seen rkid tell him he can come out now as you were LG."

Posting another tweet, he then said that he would like to apologise for his brother's absence on the night and that he was "very disappointed".

It had been rumoured that an Oasis reunion could happen after the younger Gallagher brother said he would be interested in performing with the band again, although at the time he implied he would not be able to attend the charity performance.

During an interview with BBC Radio 1 he was asked if he would be appearing at One Love Manchester he responded: "I don't think so. I mean I'm up for it but I think we've got a gig somewhere."

However he made a special surprise appearance at the very end of the show, playing classic Oasis hits 'Live Forever' with Coldplay, as well as 'Rock 'N' Roll Star' and his new solo single 'Wall of Glass'.

Continuing his rant on social media the next morning Liam also wrote: "Noels [sic] out of the f***ing country weren't we all love get on a f***ing plane and play your tunes for the kids you sad f***."

Enjoy unlimited access to 100 million ad-free songs and podcasts with Amazon Music Sign up now for a 30-day free trial. Terms apply. Try for free ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.

Enjoy unlimited access to 100 million ad-free songs and podcasts with Amazon Music Sign up now for a 30-day free trial. Terms apply. Try for free ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.

One fan replied: "That's the reunion out the window then haha" to which Liam responded: "F*** the reunion mate it ain't about Oasis it's about people helping other people and he's once again shown his true f***ing colours."

The One Love Manchester concert reportedly raised more than £2 million in three hours, which will go towards the We Love Manchester Emergency Fund.

You can read all of the latest updates, reaction and comment to the show here.