Domino's® Celebrates Cow Appreciation Week with 50 Percent off Online Pizza Orders ANN ARBOR, Mich., July 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Domino's Pizza (NYSE: DPZ), the recognized world leader in pizza delivery and digital ordering platforms, realizes that Cow Appreciation Week may exist only in the minds of those who truly love cheese as much as we do, and that's OK. Domino's love of cheese runs deep – it takes thousands of cows and dairy farmers to offer the variety of cheeses that Domino's does. And now, Domino's is celebrating its appreciation of cows and all things dairy by offering customers 50 percent off menu-priced pizzas when ordered online, beginning today and running through Sunday, July 16.

"At Domino's, we're big fans of cows and dairy farmers," said Jenny Fouracre, Domino's spokesperson. "Without them, we wouldn't be able to offer all of the cheeses – from mozzarella to Parmesan, feta to provolone, American to Asiago – that we lovingly put on our pizzas day-in and day-out. It just seems right to celebrate our appreciation of all things dairy by giving customers half off pizza when they use Domino's digital ordering channels."

The 50 percent off deal is only available on menu-priced pizzas ordered through Domino's digital ordering channels, which include Domino's website (www.dominos.com), as well as the iPad®, iPhone®, Android™, Windows Phone 8 and Kindle Fire® apps.

About Domino's Pizza®

Founded in 1960, Domino's Pizza is the recognized world leader in pizza delivery, with a significant business in carryout pizza. It ranks among the world's top public restaurant brands with a global enterprise of 14,000 stores in over 85 international markets. Domino's had global retail sales of nearly $10.9 billion in 2016, with more than $5.3 billion in the U.S. and more than $5.5 billion internationally. In the first quarter of 2017, Domino's had global retail sales of nearly $2.7 billion, with over $1.3 billion in the U.S. and nearly $1.4 billion internationally. Its system is primarily comprised of independent franchise owners who accounted for over 97% of Domino's stores worldwide as of the first quarter of 2017. Emphasis on technology innovation helped Domino's reach an estimated $5.6 billion in global digital sales in 2016, and has produced several innovative ordering platforms, including Google Home, Facebook Messenger, Apple Watch, Amazon Echo, Twitter and text message using a pizza emoji. In late 2015, Domino's announced the design and launch of the DXP®, a purpose-built pizza delivery vehicle, as well as Piece of the Pie Rewards™, its first digital customer loyalty program.

Order – dominos.com

AnyWare Ordering – anyware.dominos.com

Company Info – biz.dominos.com

Twitter – twitter.com/dominos

Facebook – facebook.com/dominos

Instagram – instagram.com/dominos

YouTube – youtube.com/dominos

SOURCE Domino's Pizza

Related Links

http://www.dominos.com

