Oscars 2018: Jordan Peele wins Best Original Screenplay Jordan Peele became the first black screenwriter to win the Oscar for Best Original Screenplay at the 90th Academy Awards on Sunday.

The 39-year-old was awarded the honor for his horror film, Get Out, beating out The Big Sick, Lady Bird, The Shape of Water, and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.

In his acceptance speech, Jordan admitted he thought writing the hit movie was 'impossible.'

Scroll down for video and nominations....

Historic: Jordan Peele became the first black writer to win the Oscar for Best Screenplay at the 90th Academy Awards on Sunday

Disbelief: Clearly still shocked from his win, Jordan tweeted afterwards, 'I just won an Oscar. WTF?!?'

'This means so much to me,' he said. 'I stopped writing this movie about 20 times because I thought it was impossible.

'I thought it wasn’t gonna work, I thought no one would ever make this movie, but I kept coming back to it because I knew if someone let me make this movie, then people would hear it and people would see it.'

Jordan then issued a string of thank yous, including to those who worked on the movie, cinemagoers, and his beloved wife Chelsea Peretti.

He said: 'To the cast and crew, I love you, thank you so much. My wife, who supported me through this whole process. My mother, who taught me to love even in the face of hate.

Honored: Peele gave his acceptance speech as presenter Nicole Kidman looked on

Award winner: Nicole smiled from ear to ear as she presented Peele with the Oscar

'And to everybody who went and saw this movie. Everybody who bought a ticket, told somebody to buy a ticket, thank you. I love you for shouting out at the theatre, for shouting out at the screen. I love all, thank you so much goodnight.'

Clearly still shocked from his win, Jordan tweeted afterwards, 'I just won an Oscar. WTF?!?'

Celebrities delighted in the win, as a number of stars took to Twitter to congratulate Jordan.

Surreal: Jordan looked in disbelief as he stepped onto the stage

Jordan's collaborator, Keegan-Michael Key, wrote: 'Congrats to my partner in laughs @JordanPeele on his first Oscar.'

'My first jump of the night!!! So happy for Get Out!' Chrissy Teigen tweeted.

'Get out!! Yessss,' Zendaya tweeted.

'COME ON!!!!! So happy for you my friend!!!' Olivia Munn tweeted.

Hot couple: Peele and Chelsea Peretti cut chic figures when he strode the red carpet outside the Academy Awards ceremony at Los Angeles' Dolby Theatre on Sunday

Garlanded: The star's film was honored with a total of four Oscar nominations

'Jordan, Jordan, Jordan, Jordan!!!!' raved Seth Meyers.

'JORDAN PEEEEEEEEELE!' Sophia Bush tweeted.

Get Out was also up for Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Actor - however it did not receive those awards.

Jordan was joined by his wife Chelsea Peretti at the awards show.

Swank: Chelsea - whom Jordan married in 2016 - dazzled in a strapless maroon gown that fell to the floor and appeared to be made of velvet or velour

Jordan elegantly clashed an off-white blazer with black trousers, posing alongside his wife on the red carpet.

The star complemented the jacket with a white dress shirt, garnishing the ensemble with a black bow tie and a black-rimmed pair of specs.

Meanwhile, Chelsea - whom Jordan married in 2016 - dazzled in a strapless maroon gown that fell to the floor and appeared to be made of velvet or velour.

Her brown hair was teased into a voluminously wavy do, which she wore down so that it tumbled luxuriously over her shoulders.

Aww! The actress posted a glammed up photo of herself holding her son as she posed beside her husband

She added a splash of glitz with a bracelet and a couple of rings, as well as a pair of drop earrings that were faintly visible in her hairdo.

Jordan and Chelsea have an eight-month-old son named Beaumont Gino together, and that night proud mom Chelsea shared a glimpse of their baby boy on Twitter.

The actress posted a glammed up photo of herself holding her son as she posed beside her husband.

'Its very possible i was holding my son in a tiny tux,' she captioned the photo, which gave just a tiny glimpse of her baby.

He did well: On Saturday his film won at the Independent Spirit Awards