6 Things We Learned From North West’s First Magazine Interview What were you doing at the age of four?

Kicking a football around the garden? Cutting the hair off your favourite doll? Scraping your knees while learning to ride a bike?

Well, at the same age, North West has already starred on the cover of Interview magazine alongside her mother Kim Kardashian West in an America's First Family/Kennedy-themed photoshoot, and looks utterly adorable.

While her mother Kim has come under fire from Twitter users calling the photo Jackie Onassis-inspired photoshoot as a 'disgrace' and 'ridiculous', the magazine appearance is the first time North West has publicly given her insight on what it's like to grow up in the Kardashian-West household.

Answering questions from the likes of cousin Penelope Disick, model Kaia Gerber, actress Millie Bobby Brown and Britney Spears' sons Sean and Jayden Federline, North opened up on what's it's like to be...well, North.

Here's what we learned"

1. Her nickname is 'Bubs'

North told Kaia that's what her family calls her.

2. Her Dad wrote her favourite song

Sean and Jayden found out the star thinks her Dad's song 'Amazing' is pretty great.

3. She's a dairy fan

'Just Cheese! Cheese, cheese—everywhere cheese,' she told Gerber about her eating habits.

Getty Images

4. She's a great older sister

Opening up about the best thing about being a sister to Saint, she said she likes 'giving him toy trucks, and I gave him a big toy bear'.

5. She has make-up in her purse

Kanye and Kim's daughter admitted that when she's photographed with a handbag in public, it's usually because she has filled it with 'toys'.

'Sometimes I put some make-up in there when I go to church,' she controversially told artist Andy Warhol.

Seriously, why would a four-year-old have any need for make-up?

6. Her BFF is pretty famous

When asked by Millie Bobby Brown who her best friend is, she replied: 'Mama'.

In the interview, Kim also opened up on what it's like being a mother to North.

'When I'm out and people call North's name, that's when it's weird for me,' she revealed. 'She lives such a normal life, believe it or not, at home.'

On a typical day, without cameras, I wake up early, like six in the morning. I try to work out before the kids get up, and then I have breakfast with them and my husband. I try to make sure we have set meals at home, to keep everything as normal as possible. And then I get to work...In between, I'm taking my son to a music class and my daughter to a horseback riding class.

Discussing what it's like raising a mixed-race daughter, the 36-year-old added:

'Kanye always has his family around and people who look like my daughter—that's important to me,' she explained.

She's obsessed with her curly hair, and if she finds someone who has the same hair, she runs to them and is like, "You have curly hair like me?" And we get to talk about it. We also talk about it with my niece Penelope, because she and North look really different, but they're best friends and they're together all the time.

We have a feeling this won't be the last time we hear from North West.

Related Story Kim K\'s New Magazine Cover is Literally Iconic

Related Story How Kim Kardashian & Her Family Deal With Scandals