‘Wizards of Waverly Place’ Star David Henrie Is Married A fairy tale beginning! Wizards of Waverly Place star David Henrie married his longtime girlfriend, Maria Cahill, in an Old Hollywood–inspired wedding in Los Angeles on Friday, April 21.

The 27-year-old former Disney star and Cahill, a former Miss Delaware, tied the knot before some of Henrie’s Waverly Place castmates, including Selena Gomez, Jake T. Austin, Jennifer Stone and Maria Canals-Barrera.

Related: All the Stars Who Wed in 2016! Here come the (celeb) brides! See the wedding photos of stars who got hitched in 2016, including Ciara, Eva Longoria and Dianna Agron

A special day with some amazing people. A post shared by Jake T. Austin (@jaketaustin) on Apr 22, 2017 at 12:00pm PDT

Gomez, 24, and Henrie last reunited in January for the “Kill ‘Em With Kindness” singer’s first Instagram story. (He and Gomez played siblings along with Austin, 22, who played their younger brother.)

In a statement to Entertainment Tonight, Henrie explained that he knew Cahill was The One from their first meeting.

Related: Quickest Celebrity Engagements Race to the altar! Kim Kardashian, Britney Spears, Reese Witherspoon and others wasted no time before saying "I do"

WOWP reunion at David Henrie’s wedding today ??? #GomezUpdate pic.twitter.com/6QxBOoVqFi — Selena Gomez News (@MyLifeIsSelG) April 22, 2017

“I knew Maria was special from the moment I saw her,” he said in the statement. “Now, almost three years later, it’s almost surreal that we’re finally getting married. We’re so blessed to be surrounded by our family and friends to celebrate this special day and I can’t wait to start this next adventure with my best friend and soulmate.”

The Disney alum announced the pair’s engagement this past January, telling fans that he initially wasn’t sure whether he wanted to make a big announcement.

Related: Famous Disney Stars From Lindsay Lohan to Ryan Gosling, see which celebs got their start working for the Mouse

“I always debated keeping my personal life private or public, but you guys have meant so much to me over the years, I just have to share my JOY :),” he captioned a black-and-white Instagram picture of the pair. “#marriage is beautiful. I can not wait.”