Lili Reinhart and Cole Sprouse Were Spotted Low-Key Holding Hands…Again Lately every time I think about Riverdale my mind goes specifically to Lili Reinhart and Cole Sprouse. Are they dating? Are they just gaslighting America? If they are an item, does Reinhart approve of the ridiculous shirts Sprouse wears on the reg? Do they hang out at Dylan Sprouse's meadery in Brooklyn and talk about fan theories? These are the thoughts that run through my head on a daily basis.

The twosome, who play Betty and Jughead on the show, haven't confirmed or denied their relationship. Sprouse said some vague nonsense about how the rumors he and Reinhart are dating are "very pleasing," but that's the only thing on record. Everything else is just speculation. There's the time Reinhart wrote a gushy birthday message to Sprouse in August, and who can forget when they secretly held hands during a Comic-Con interview? They're toying with our emotions.

The teasing continues with the Riverdale cast's new Entertainment Weekly cover. It features Sprouse, Reinhart, KJ Apa (Archie), and Camila Mendes (Veronica). At first, it just looks like your standard "hot new TV cast" photo, but take a closer look at Reinhart's and Sprouse's hand placement at the far right.

Entertainment Weekly

Do you see it ? Their hands are touching! OK, so they're barely touching. It's actually more of a "single-finger embrace," but still! There's absolutely some caressing happening here—and I'm freaking out.

It's possible their finger placement is just a coincidence, but these four know how the Riverdale fan base is. They're going to take this (very thin) interaction as a sign Reinhart and Sprouse are dating. Full fan theories will pop up on Reddit based on this photo alone.

Of course, Reinhart and Sprouse never have to confirm their relationship—and, TBH, I kinda hope they never do. Obsessing over these tiny, ridiculous clues is just too much fun.

Related Stories:

A Riverdale Costar Says Lili Reinhart and Cole Sprouse Have "Great Chemistry"