Josh Lucas reveals he and ex have been 'bird-nest' co-parenting He split from ex Jessica Ciencin Henriquez back in October of 2014.

But Josh Lucas hasn't let that heartbreak get in the way of actively parenting his five-and-a-half year old son Noah.

The 46-year-old Poseidon actor told People on Friday that he and Jessica have agreed on a 'bird-nest' co-parenting situation.

Pushing forward: Josh Lucas hasn't let the heartbreak of divorce from Jessica Ciencin Henriquez get in the way of actively parenting his five-and-a-half year old son Noah (exes pictured together in March 2017)

The term comes from the parents rotating through a singular home, meaning the child gets to grow up in a far more stable environment.

Lucas was quite optimistic about the idea, telling the magazine 'it's a concept that's fairly new, particularly in the psychology of raising a child in divorce.'

He continued his analysis, proclaiming 'And the idea is, it's really not the child's fault that you got divorced, it's your fault and therefore it should not be the child's problem to go back and forth between two different homes.'

It seems the arrangement, though somewhat novel, is working for the family.

Sad: He split from ex Jessica Ciencin Henriquez back in October of 2014

'Rarely, do both parents, particularly if they're divorced, get to have as much interaction with their children,' The Firm star said before adding 'we're really, truly doing the split custody thing, and have been so lucky to soak up all that time with Noah.'

It seems even Noah has taken to the unusual set up, with Josh noting that 'he doesn’t love us being separated but he loves that he has his bed and his toys and his dog. It’s his life.'

While Noah is his number one priority, Josh's latest project-performing with Uma Thurman in the Broadway play The Parisian Woman-has drawn a fair amount of focus as well.

'The characters had bite and, at the core, the play went beyond politics to focus on deep, passionate love,' he explained.

Doting dad: While Noah is his number one priority, Josh's latest project-performing with Uma Thurman in the Broadway play The Parisian Woman-has drawn a fair amount of focus as well (pictured in 2016)

'Most of all, Uma was and is this actress who I knew was really going make this extraordinary and push me hard as an artist,' he gushed.

Of course Josh and Uma have now been linked romantically, though nothing has been made official yet.

The actress was spotted kissing her co-star Josh in New York City on Tuesday.

The 47-year-old actress, sources told Page Six, is rumored to be dating Lucas after they were seen in the romantic embrace at Jimmy’s Corner, a bar in the city's Theater District near the Hudson Theatre they're performing at.