Rachel Zoe posts Instagram snap of Skyler and Kaius snuggling up Baby love! Rachel Zoe posts Instagram snap of cute sons Skyler and newborn Kaius snuggling up on Valentine's Day



She is very much the proud mother of two adorable sons.

And Rachel Zoe ensured the world could coo over her boys this Valentine's Day as she posted two cute shots on Instagram, along with a shout out to her husband of 18 years Roger Berman.



The 42-year-old TV star captioned the image: 'I feel so lucky to have 3 Valentines forever my loves @rbermanus and my angels #skylermorrison #kaiusjagger.'



Heart breakers: Rachel Zoe posted this adorable collage of three photos of her sons, two-year-old Skyler and baby Kaius, on Instagram on Valentines Day



In the photo trio, one cute snap shows two-year-old Skyler snuggling up to his eight-week-old brother Kaius.



Another shows the curly-haired Skyler in a blue and white stripey T-shirt with a big red heart on the front while the third shot features the adorable newborn.



Rachel cancelled her New York Fashion Week show due to the arrival of little Kaius.



But the star managed to work from home, posting a snapshot of herself with Kaius in her lap, watching a New York Fashion Week show on her laptop in an Instagram shot posted on Tuesday.

Multi-tasking mom: The 42-year-old cradled baby Kaius on her chest as she watched a New York Fashion Week show on her laptop in an Instagram shot posted on Tuesday

The fashion mogul is seen reclining on her bed as her second son - born December 22 - sleeps on her chest while her colleague lies next to her as they watch the Oscar de la Renta show.



Her hair is worn in her signature straight, loose style and she sports thick black eyelashes and rose-tinted lips.

Her black coat is worn half off her shoulders as she sports dark red nail polish, a tube of her pal Jessica Alba's Honest Co. cream beside her.

'This is how @msjordanjohnson of @rachelzoestudio and I watch the Oscar de la Renta show when No wifi at the office #ODLRLIVE #RZFW #STUNNING,' she captioned the picture.

Let's get a treat! The celebrity was seen taking her two-year-old son Skyler to the farmers market in Brentwood on Sunday



The baby was the reason Rachel decided to cancel her New York Fashion Week show, set for February 13.

The celebrity stylist issued a statement to Women's Wear Daily, saying: ‘As a new mother, my newborn son is too young to travel with me and I’m unable to leave him for the amount of time required to appropriately prepare for the show in New York.’

She added: 'I’ve made the difficult decision to move our fall 2014 runway show to a later date in Los Angeles.’

Family outing: Rachel is married to longtime love Rodger Berman, pictured Sunday in Brentwood



Her fall 2014 private label collection will mix ‘French bohemia with Mod elements,’ she told WWD.'

It's Rachel's first absence from the New York Fashion Week calendar since she started showing her collections in February 2011.



The busy celebrity has also released a book, Living in Style: Inspiration and Advice for Everyday Glamour .





