Corinne Olympios on ‘Bachelor in Paradise’ Scandal: ‘I Never Meant That I Was a Victim of DeMario’ 

Corinne Olympios is speaking out about the “Bachelor in Paradise” scandal that halted production in June, ahead of her appearance on Tuesday’s episode of the reality dating show where she is set to talk about what happened on set.

“Well of course, anything like this, it takes a toll on you,” Olympios told People. “It’s not easy to deal with. I feel like it was kind of out of my hands and blown into the media. It’s not really how I wanted it. I obviously would’ve rather handled something like this privately. It’s embarrassing. It’s really hard. There’s no feeling like it – having to wake up every day knowing that this is going on, that people and the media are judging you.”

In June, production on the fourth season of “Bachelor in Paradise” was stopped briefly over allegations of misconduct surrounding a sexual encounter between DeMario Jackson and Olympios, neither of whom returned to the show.

Following the scandal, both parties released statements, in which Olympios said, “I am a victim and have spent the last week trying to make sense of what happened on June 4. Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production.”

Now, Olympios has clarified that she never meant she was a victim of Jackson, but rather, she was a victim of a bad situation and negative portrayal in the media.

“At that point in time, I saw myself as a victim of having something this serious happen to you and have the media paint you a certain way that you know you aren’t and having all these people make their judgments and comments and they don’t even know what happened or went on,” she added. “That’s what I’m a victim of. I never meant that I was a victim of DeMario. I strongly believe he had no bad intentions at all. It was all good. It was unfortunate that no one really knew how intoxicated I actually was at the time. I believe that nobody knew that. It was nobody’s fault. I was a victim of not really knowing what happened at the time. We were just really trying to get to bottom of everything.”

Last week, Jackson appeared on the show to give his perspective on what happened and how the scandal has affected his life. Warner Bros. announced nine days after production was halted that filming would resume, as their investigation did “not support any charge of misconduct by a cast member.”

“It was difficult because I know who I am,” Jackson told Harrison. “I know I’m not that monster that they’re trying to portray on TV. Like Michelle Obama said, ‘When they go low, you go high.’ It was hard to go high. I had to do it because I train and mentor children and I can’t tell them to be something that I’m not. That’s what kept me going – and great family, friends, school teachers, people at the gym … it was just crazy to see the response from them. My cast mates — Alexis, Raven, I think I FaceTimed Taylor every single day. There was so much love. I was extremely humbled.”

Watch Olympios speak out about the incident on Tuesday’s episode of “Bachelor in Paradise.”