Jenna Dewan showcases her chic sense of style in denim midi dress as she takes her dog to the vet She recently threw her weight behind Jessie J's statement reacting to the 'copycat' comparisons.

And Jenna Dewan, 37, was spotted taking her dog Lulu to the vet in Los Angeles following her show of public support for her ex husband's new girlfriend, Jessie J, on Saturday.

The Step Up actress showcased her chic sense of style as she strolled along the pavement in a denim Madewell midi dress with the adorable pet pooch by her side.

Getting chic done: Jenna Dewan, 37, was spotted taking her dog Lulu to the vet in Los Angeles following her show of public support for her ex husband's new girlfriend, Jessie J, on Saturday

The brunette's stylish look highlighted her svelte figure with it's gold buttons and pocket detailing across her hips as well as her bust.

Accessorising her summer-inspired ensemble, she donned a pair of tan leather sandals with a black handbag and oversized shades.

The Hollywood star aided her fashionable display by working her shoulder-length tresses into a tousled style.

Her appearance comes days after she threw her weight behind her ex Channing Tatum's new girlfriend Jessie J when she released a statement reacting to the 'copycat' comparisons.

Fashion fiend: The brunette's stylish Madewell dress highlighted her svelte figure

In a touching message posted last weekend, Jenna reinforced the singer's comments about not wanting to be pitted against one another, saying she has 'nothing but respect' for the 30-year-old.

Jessie and Channing, 38, went public with their romance on social media earlier this month, sparking fans to say the actor was dating a 'copycat' of his ex-wife.

Following Jessie's poignant message, Jenna wrote: 'Amen Jessie! Yes!!!! Women for women all the way. No need for negativity.'

'Let's live in a world where we support each other and raise each other up. Like I said before, positive vibes all the way. Nothing but respect.'

Supportive: Jenna (L) threw her weight behind ex Channing's new girlfriend Jessie J's (R) statement reacting to the 'copycat' comparisons

Jessie hit out at comparisons on Instagram, admitting it was her sole purpose to inspire young girls to be comfortable in their own skin and preached to women to 'stay strong together to change the world.'

Jessie stated: 'Is picking who is prettier and then continuing to say why a good activity for women to participate in? No. Are women gaining a positive lesson from it? No.

'I spent so much of my childhood trying to be comfortable in my skin, just like so many other little girls, and when I got older, decided to spend my career making lots of music to try and help/inspire myself and all other woman to their beauty from inside out and will continue to do so.

Impassioned speech: Following Jessie's poignant message, Jenna wrote: 'Amen Jessie! Yes!!!! Women for women all the way. No need for negativity.'

The way they were: Channing and Jenna announced their split in April 2018 (pictured in November 2017)

'Man does the world need it. More now than ever. I see this as a bigger lesson that I am able to speak on.

'We are all BEAUTIFUL. We are enough just the way we are. Be the best you!! You can't wake up and be anyone but you. So please love your face, your body, your mind, your heart . Be good to yourself And to those around you.

'Be sensitive with your words. Be kind with your words. You have no idea what they can do to someone. Alone ladies, we are strong . But TOGETHER? US WOMEN can truly CHANGE THE WORLD. Love Jessica.