Murphy Brown Is Coming Back Sooner Than We Thought—And with a Twist CBS announced its new schedule Wednesday morning with some surprising news: Murphy Brown will make its grand return in the fall, earlier than some originally anticipated. It will also come with an unexpected twist: instead of running a newsmagazine, as she did in the original series, Candice Bergen’s title heroine will now anchor a morning news show—and her son, Avery, will be her top competitor—at a conservative network.

Bergen and the cast celebrated the comedy’s revival on stage Wednesday at CBS’s Upfront presentation at Carnegie Hall. “It’s wonderful to hear so many Americans actually cheering a bunch of journalists,” Bergen said as she took the stage with her co-stars. “We want to stay really topical, which is why we didn’t shoot a pilot. If we had, we’d already be a dozen major headlines and several Stormies out of date. . . The world of cable news is fast-paced and populated with all kinds of characters—from the Hannitys of the world to, well, actual journalists. Like Murphy Brown, the competition is fierce.” During his own monologue after the cast left the stage, CBS’s star late-night host, Stephen Colbert, offered a gently snarky take: “In addition to the big hit MacGyver, this fall CBS will have the reboot of Magnum P.I. and, as you saw, Murphy Brown—guaranteeing that we will be the No. 1 network in 2018 and 1988.”

Per The Hollywood Reporter, the former staff of the newsmagazine FYI is now running a morning show on cable, titled Murphy in the Morning. According to New York Times TV reporter John Koblin, Corky Sherwood (Faith Ford) will co-host with Murphy, while Miles Silverberg (Grant Shaud) will produce the program. CBS Entertainment president Kelly Kahl confirmed to reporters that the dynamic between Murphy and her son’s programs will be comparable to the one that exists between Morning Joe and Fox & Friends.

Avery’s presence on a conservative news show is a little ironic—not just in the world of the series, but also in the real world; the original show’s most memorable moment came when it responded directly to a real-world criticism from Dan Quayle over Murphy’s decision to have her child out of wedlock. Still, the move could allow Murphy Brown to tackle some of the modern political issues that ABC’s revived Roseanne has played with—perhaps in a more organic way. Since Avery was a child when the original Murphy Brown first wrapped, his political leanings are, more or less, a blank slate. By making him a conservative, Murphy Brown will be able to examine the same fraught family dynamics that viewers have seen in Roseanne—without re-writing any of the original series’s history or changing characters into unrecognizable versions of their former selves.