American Music Awards' best and worst-dressed stars: Selena Gomez and Demi Lovato shine Maeve McDermott

USA TODAY

Updated Nov. 20, 2017, 2:30 p.m. ET

The American Music Awards are nothing without stars' off-the-wall fashion choices. And Sunday night's ceremonies delivered, with a range of looks that were mostly fun, often questionable and sometimes disastrous — but never boring.

Take a look at the evening's best and worst dressed stars below.

Best dressed

Selena Gomez

This Coach minidress-sized leather jacket of a garment Gomez is wearing is doing everything for us right now, especially paired with her messy new bleach-blonde hair.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

Jenna Dewan Tatum

Bravo to Dewan Tatum for nailing this nude look from Julien MacDonald.

Demi Lovato

Lovato's Ester Abner look is vaguely Morticia Addams and a little Elizabeth Taylor and completely and totally flattering on her.

Pink

Yes, Pink's Monique Lhullier gown is exceedingly pink. But fans don't often see the singer in overly girlish dresses, and these Disney princess vibes look nice on her.

Tracee Ellis Ross

Tracee Ellis Ross was tasked with hosting this year's AMAs, and she set a high bar on the red carpet in Stella McCartney.

Worst dressed

Nick Cannon

Cannon normally looks like a bedazzled mess on the red carpet, and the AMAs were no exception.

Kehlani

From far away, Kehlani looks like she's wearing a standard naked dress. Up close, she looks like she lost a battle with a colander of spaghetti.

Rachel Platten

Between the sheerness and the stripes and the odd strips of coverage, this jumpsuit is too strangely constructed for us to get on board with Platten's adventurous look.

Machine Gun Kelly

The rapper's suit looks like a kids' bedroom carpet, complete with mini cars on his lapel. We didn't know the Ikea's children's section made bespoke garments.

Alessia Cara

Cara is as loveable of a personality as they come in pop music. If only we loved this bodysuit/sweatpants/boots combination as much.

Julia Michaels

Same goes for Michaels, whose poofy red gown doesn't quite match Pink's fairytale princess interpretation of their similar look.