Vicki Gunvalson's Son-in-Law Ryan Culberson Completes His Time with the Marine Corps Vicki Gunvalson's son-in-law is ready for his next chapter. Ryan Culberson has officially completed his time with the Marine Corps.

How to Watch Watch The Real Housewives of Orange County on Peacock. Catch up on the Bravo app. Stream Now on

The Real Housewives of Orange County entrepreneur shared the good news on Instagram Thursday. "@ryan_culberson has completed his time in the Marine Corps today. Thank you for your sacrifice so we can live in the land of the free! I'm so proud to call you my son in law and thank you for making my daughter so happy," Vicki gushed in the post. "You got this! You're not alone! Our family is strong!"

Check out the post on Instagram

Ryan expressed his gratitude to his loved ones for their support and his excitement about starting a new journey now that his time in the Marines is over on Instagram Thursday. "Today is the first day in my civilian journey post Marine Corps. I like to thank everyone who over the years have been there for me," he wrote. "I know that with my wife and family by my side this will be a smooth transition, here's to new adventures, Semper Fidelis!"

Ryan's service in the Marines was sometimes challenging for the RHOC family. His wife and Vicki's daughter, Briana Culberson, had moved to Oklahoma with Ryan after he got stationed there following a tour in Afghanistan. Vicki shared that Briana had decided to move back to the OC in November 2015, but Ryan remained in Oklahoma while awaiting his medical retirement from the Marine Corps.

Related

Vicki revealed to The Daily Dish in July that she and her family were getting ready to welcome Ryan back home to California permanently, which was fortunate for Briana since she had "really been missing her husband," according to Vicki, and a blessing for the family's matriarch, too. "It feels so great to have Briana back home," Vicki gushed to The Daily Dish in July. "So for me to have Briana back in the OC, they're seven minutes away from me, and the babies are really close, too. I'm able to help them before school, after school, and while she's working and doing what she has to do, so it's been really good for me to have her so close."

See the adorable Culberson family all together, below.