Chrissy Teigen looks stylish in striped trouser suit with husband John Legend at Queer Eye bash They were recently spotted sharing a passionate kiss as they left the GQ Awards in London.

And Chrissy Teigen and husband John Legend continued the besotted displays as they attended The Queer Eye Emmy Cast Party hosted by Ketel One Family-Made Vodka at Kimpton La Peer Hotel in West Hollywood, California on Saturday night.

The longtime couple looked head over heels as they mingled with Queer Eye stars Karamo Brown, Tan France, Jonathan Van Ness, Bobby Berk and Antoni Porowski at the star-studded bash.

Head over heels: Chrissy Teigen and husband John Legend continued the besotted displays as they attended The Queer Eye Emmy Cast Party hosted by Ketel One Family-Made Vodka at Kimpton La Peer Hotel in West Hollywood, California on Saturday night

Chrissy, 32, who gave birth to her second child just three months ago, cut a typically stylish figure in a pink and black striped trouser suit.

The fashionista partially unbuttoned the shirt of the co-ord to flash a hint of her decolletage, while the design's flared trousers skimmed the floor, creating the illusion of even longer legs.

The Sports Illustrated beauty toughened up her look by wearing her blonde tresses in edgy waves and accentuated her natural beauty with a neutral make-up palette.

Suits you! Chrissy, 32, who gave birth to her second child just three months ago, cut a typically stylish figure in a pink and black striped trouser suit

In their element! The longtime couple looked head over heels as they mingled with Queer Eye stars [from left] Karamo Brown, Tan France, Antoni Porowski and Bobby Berk at the star-studded bash

John made for an equally stylish counterpart in a black blazer that was embossed with golden bumblebees.

The All of Me hitmaker paired the statement jacket with a simple black shirt and suit trousers as he doted on his wife, with whom he shares daughter Luna, two, and three-month-old son Miles, inside the event.

Posing for pictures, both John and Chrissy could be seen putting protective arms around one another.

Dapper: John made for an equally stylish counterpart in a black blazer that was embossed with golden bumblebees

Besotted: Posing for pictures, both John and Chrissy could be seen putting protective arms around one another

Pulling out the stops! Megan Trainor was stylish in an offbeat Burberry blazer and skintight black trousers

Celebrity fan base: The All About That Bass hitmaker also ceased the opportunity to pose with the stars of the much-loved reality show

Having the time of her life! Megan raised her leg for one particularly playful pose

Earlier this week, Chrissy told Women's Health of how she changed her attitude towards her body, sex and mental health after her struggle with postpartum depression.

The beauty admitted she got into unhealthy habits after her daughter was born in 2016, telling the magazine: 'After Luna, I was drinking too much.

'I wasn't eating as much because I was full from drinking. I wasn't being good to my body. I remember being so bruised from nothing.'

She started taking antidepressants and indulged in a wellness retreat in Bali with husband John and it was there that the model shifted her perspective about taking care of herself.

'It's like, what could be more important than mental health? What's more important than being proud of yourself and doing the best you can for your body?' she said.

Glam: Queer Eye star Jonathan Van Ness sported a sleeveless white dress and heeled boots, while TV personality EJ Johnson was equally flamboyant in a jewel-encrusted top