Queen and Prince Philip: When will the Queen take the train to Sandringham at Christmas? Meghan Markle's father asks Queen to resolve family problems 1769456881uauyfLOr

The 92-year-old head of state welcomed the rest of the royal family to her annal pre-Christmas lunch at Buckingham Palace today. The Queen hosts a big feast every year so she can catch up with everyone before she retreats to Sandringham for the rest of the winter period. She always spends the first part of every year in Norfolk and doesn't return to London until after the anniversary of her father's death on February 6, 1952.

When will the Queen take the train to Sandringham at Christmas?

Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

An official date has not been released for when the Queen will catch the train to her Christmas hideout this year.



But she is known to travel on a regular commuter train to and from Norfolk every year.



The Queen typically arrives in King’s Lynn station, after travelling from London King’s Cross at around 10.45am, along with her royal entourage. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Queen and Prince Philip: The Queen is a fan of travelling on the train

Queen and Prince Philip: The Queen has been taking the train for years

A ticket is believed to cost around £56.10, as she reportedly travels in first class on the Thameslink service.

Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Her Majesty has been taking the 90-minute train London to Norfolk and then back again for years, so she is a regular commuter.



Back in 2014, a passenger apparently bumped into the Queen’s security with her luggage , according to The Telegraph



Graeme Pratt, the station manager, said to the Eastern Daily Press in 2016: "It's an honour to have her use the train service.

Queen and Prince Philip: The royal couple stay at Sandringham until February every year

"I asked her if she enjoyed her stay in Norfolk, to which she said she did."

The Queen is one of the most well-travelled British monarchs in history.

She has visited over 130 countries during her reign, including Canada and Australia.

Queen Elizabeth and her husband Prince Philip also visitsthe same place every summer for their annual holiday.

The latest news and gossip from the Royal Family plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

They enjoy spending August and September at Balmoral in Scotland.