Who Is Jamie Linden? What to Know About Rachel McAdams' Boyfriend Rachel McAdams has officially become a "cool" mom. The Oscar-nominated actress has reportedly given birth to her first child (a boy) with her boyfriend, screenwriter Jamie Linden.

This news might seem totally out of the blue to you, but that's because Rachel, 39, and Jamie, 37, have kept their relationship extremely private. Rachel never even confirmed her pregnancy (which E! News first reported back in February), much less the birth of her child.

But paparazzi photos captured Rachel and Jamie with a newborn baby, People reported.

Because they rarely appear in public together, there’s not much out there about the new parents’ relationship. But there are a few things we do know about Jamie Linden:

He’s a screenwriter, director, and producer.

Jamie has written the screenplays for 2006’s We Are Marshall, 2010’s Dear John, 2011’s 10 Years, and 2016’s Money Monster. He also served as co-producer for Dear John and We Are Marshall, and directed the movie 10 Years. He also worked on the screenplay for the upcoming sci-fi movie Chaos Walking, an adaptation of the young adult novel by Patrick Ness, according to The Hollywood Reporter.

His directorial debut was based on his high school reunion.

10 Years, which he both wrote and directed, was set at his alma mater, Lake Howell High School in Florida, though it was not actually filmed there. The movie, which tells the story of a 10-year high school reunion, was inspired by his own reunion, which he went to alongside his old classmate, actor Scott Porter, who also starred in Dear John. "Scott and I had come back from our 10-year reunion," Linden told the Orlando Sentinelin 2012. “[Costar Channing Tatum] didn't go to his reunion in Tampa. We were explaining the shenanigans we got into. The reunion was back in '07. We started messing around with this in '08. It took a couple of years to do it."

He got his start working with legends.

He told Variety in 2012 that his first job was as an assistant to the directors Sidney Pollack and Anthony Minghella. “I remember the first time I ever spoke to Sidney, he was getting ready to do The Interpreter and he said, ‘I don’t know why I’m doing this. Every time I start to make a movie I can’t remember why I’m doing this,’ and I never really understood that until I wrapped [10 Years],” he said. “It’s a huge amount of time and effort and you have to really, really love it.”

Related Story The Love Story Of Carrie Underwood And Her Husband

He once won $5,000 on The Price Is Right.

In an interview with a Florida State University alumni publication, Jamie revealed that when he was in the audience of The Price Is Right as a recent graduate, he got picked to compete. And he actually won—bringing home $5,000 and a Tuscan wine server cart. “The money actually helped me stay in California longer than I had planned,” he said, which led to him getting more experience in the industry.

He used to date Zooey Deschanel.

Getty Images

According to People, Jamie and Zooey dated from 2014 to 2016. The two were regulars on the red-carpet circuit during that time.

He has kept his relationship with Rachel intensely private.

Jamie and Rachel have not appeared as a couple on a red carpet or in any official capacity. One of the few photos that exists of the two together is from 2016, when they went to a wedding together in Virginia, E! News notes. They have been spotted by paparazzi only a few times, in Los Angeles and Paris.

Congratulations, Rachel and Jamie!