Janet Jackson breaks down singing abuse track What About Janet Jackson broke down in tears onstage in Houston on Saturday while singing her heartbreaking abuse track, What About.

The 51-year-old, who recently resumed her tour following the birth of her son Eissa in December, wept and shook with emotion as she struggled to sing the lyrics onstage at the Toyota Centre.

Through tears, the mother-of-one was then heard telling the crowd: 'This is me', after singing words about domestic violence and infidelity, including: 'What about the times you hit my face?'

Scroll down for video

Emotional: Janet Jackson broke down in tears onstage in Houston on Saturday while singing her heartbreaking abuse track, What About

The track featured on her 1997 album The Velvet Rope.

Janet was overcome with emotion as she belted out the lyrics, which include: 'What about all the s**t you've done to me? / What about the times you hit my face? / What about the times you kept on when I said no more, please?'

Momentarily pausing during the song as her tears began to fall however, the pop star then straightened up and simply told the crowds: 'This is me.'

Staying strong: Janet was overcome as she belted out the lyrics, which include: 'What about all the s**t you've done to me? / What about the times you hit my face?' and told fans 'This is me'

Janet was also reportedly overwhelmed during the first show of her State of the World tour in Louisiana on Thursday, when she performed the same track.

The pop star has just resumed her tour after welcoming her first child Eissa in January, with estranged husband Wissam Al Mana.

The Scream hitmaker had called off her Unbreakable World Tour in April 2016, in order to have her first child, at the age of 50.

The songstress is currently in the process of divorcing the Qatari business magnate following their split in April 2017 after five years of marriage.

Back at it: The pop star has just resumed her tour after welcoming her first child Eissa in January, with estranged husband Wissam Al Mana

Janet previously said her divorce from Wissam was 'in God's hands', in a special video posted to announce her plans to return to live performing.

She told fans in the clip, shared in May: 'I just want to keep it real with you guys for a second. Yes, I separated from my husband, we are in court and the rest is in God's hands.'

However her brother Tito, 63, recently confessed his sister loves being a mother to her eight-month-old son Eissa.

Tough times: The songstress is currently in the process of divorcing the Qatari business magnate following their split in April after five years of marriage (pictured in 2013)

He said: 'She changes all the diapers - she does it all. She’s a real mother. She loves it. I asked her, "How are you getting along with this?’ and she said, ‘Tito, I love it.’ She just loves her baby."

'She’s great at being a mother. It’s really great. I guess it sort of makes her feel complete.'

Despite her outpouring of emotion on stage, Janet's make-up artist Preston Meneses also insisted the Rhythm Nation hitmaker was in 'good spirits'.

Speaking ahead of the tour, Preston said: 'I think Janet is ready! She is happy and is in good spirits. I think the world is going to get something really special from her.

'She's really excited. We all are - a lot of us have been working together for years so when we come together, it's just like being with your family and when you work with your family, things just come easy and it's a wonderful experience.'

The emotional appearance comes after Janet visited evacuees at the George R. Brown Red Cross Center in the city, following the destruction caused by Hurricane Harvey.

All For You: The performance comes after Janet showed her support to Houston, visiting the George R. Brown Center with Mayor Sylvester Turner and her brother Randy Jackson on Friday

The Toyota Center, where the concert took place, revealed via Twitter that Janet would be donating proceeds from the gig to hurricane relief efforts.

It was also the same day that a lawsuit against Jackson and Live Nation entertainment over a series of cancelled concerts in 2016 was revealed to be settled by TMZ.

The settlement, in which fans received an undisclosed amount for the postponement of her tour after she became pregnant with son Eissa, is one legal worry off of Janet's plate as she sorts out her divorce from billionaire ex-husband Wissam Al Mana.

Megawatt smile: The 51-year-old icon looked excited to mingle with the crowd, the same day it was revealed a lawsuit against her and concert promoter Live Nation had been settled

Jackson flashed her famous beaming smile as she mingled with the crowd who were all excited to see the So Excited singer.

Decked out in a light blue denim jumpsuit, she kept her newly-fit body hidden after showing it off in concert the night before.

She hugged fans who were moved to tears upon seeing her and even held and comforted a fan's baby.

Serious business: Jackson donated the proceeds of her Friday night concert in Houston at the Toyota Center to hurricane relief efforts

Janet kicked off her State Of The World Tour on Thursday night in New Orleans, performing 35 hits and fan-favorite tracks during her return to the stage.

The show received high marks from critics who praised the performer for her on-point moves after giving birth in January of this year and dropping a reported 60+ pounds in just a span of months.

In 2015, Janet embarked on her Unbreakable World Tour which was plagued by cancellations before it was completely postponed so Jackson and then-husband Al Mana could start their family.

Socially conscious: She recently re-titled her tour from The Unbreakable Tour to the State Of The World Tour

After announcing her divorce, Janet took to her official website and social media channels to confirm that the Unbreakable Tour was becoming the State Of The World Tour, when it resumed.

The tour's socially-conscious theme draws from tracks in Janet's back catalog such as New Agenda and What About that deal with racism as well as domestic violence.

Her upbeat hits are still on the set list, including Billboard Hot 100 #1 tracks such as All For You, Miss You Much and That's The Way Love Goes.