Jessica Biel matches her handbag with her hairstyle It's all about the fringe: Jessica Biel matches her handbag with her shaggy hairstyle



The look is not to everyone's taste, but Jessica Biel is so fond of her fringe she has even bought a handbag to go with it.



The 7th Heaven actress was spotted out in Los Angeles today sporting a $1200 tote bag by the Italian label Tods along with her new blunt bangs.



Jessica's bright bag clashed with her otherwise low key outfit of a mini-trench, cuffed jeans and black smoking slippers.

On the fringe: Jessica Biel just can't get enough of fringes



T he bright yellow fringed statement accessory may have been meant as a message to TV show host Wendy Williams who said earlier today: 'I think Jessica is very boring,'

Hiding behind a pair of retro-style sunglasses, the star up the soon-to-be released Total Recall movie, seemed unperturbed by the unsolicited criticism.



'She's a beautiful girl, but very boring,' the outspoken Williams said to Celebuzz . 'It’s what I call: beautiful for no reason.'

Who are you calling boring?: Her statement yellow accented bag is sure to put mean mouthed Wendy Williams in her place



Beautiful for a reason: Jessica's looks led to a modelling contract with Revlon

Williams made the comments after being asked for her thoughts on Justin Timberlake's engagement to Jessica . 'The marriage looks good on paper, but I'm not so sure about them,' the 47-year-old host of the Wendy Williams Show said on her way to attend the Samsung Hope for Children Gala.

The Sexy Back singer proposed to Jessica, 30, in December 2011 after dating on and off for four years.

White wedding: Jessica and Justin Timberlake got engaged last year



In a recent interview with French magazine Gala Jessica opened up about her relationship: 'I don’t think our marriage will change anything' she said.

'It will be a challenge finding a balance between my private life, family and work, and I’m ready.'

'(I'm) someone who lets things happen naturally,' she explained. 'For me, getting married doesn't mean we should limit ourselves to some pre-defined idea. Rather, it's an opportunity to explore new things in life.'

On again: The couple have been dating on and off for four years



Biel also revealed the top three qualities she values most in her future husband, who previously dated Charlie's Angels actress Cameron Diaz.

'(His) ability to communicate well ... to be able to express his feelings,” she said. “Then, loyalty. And finally, honesty.'