Albert Ochoa on His Prom Date With Kylie Jenner There's no doubt that prom is one of the most exciting days of the year and the chance to make a lifetime of memories. Of course, you don't necessarily need to have a date to have fun — some of the best prom moments might happen with your BFFs. But imagine what everyone would think if you showed up to prom with one of the biggest celebrities...perhaps someone like Kylie Jenner?

One high school student did just that. Albert Ochoa was a junior at Rio Americano High School last year when he attended his prom with the reality star and her best friend Jordyn Woods. Photos and videos from the dance quickly went viral this spring when others on the Internet caught wind of the event. And considering Kylie never went to her own prom, it definitely seemed like a night to remember for the celeb as well.

So how exactly does one end up taking Kylie Jenner to prom, you might ask? We chatted with Albert to find out how it all went down. It turns out that he might have his peers to thank for the best night ever because they put up posters advertising that he needed a date to the event. According to Albert, Kylie took notice on Twitter and reached out to the teen to see if she could be his date.

Albert tells Teen Vogue that the rest of his classmates were "shocked" to see him show up with Kylie on his arm. "After prom, everyone wanted to be my friend. I never expected so much attention in one night," he says.

But the "attention" definitely didn't stop at prom, considering clips from the event aired during the first episode of Kylie's TV show, Life With Kylie. "It was little overwhelming at first," Albert says of going viral and appearing on TV. "But...it's exciting to talk to people all over the world!" The teen credits his date with Kylie for giving him the confidence boost that he needed, although he notes that he hasn't talked to the reality star since the big dance. "It would be nice to hear from her!" he says hopefully.

Photo: Courtesy of Albert Ochoa