Jennifer Lawrence was shocked by Real Housewife's divorce It's no secret that Jennifer Lawrence loves her reality TV, and particularly the Real Housewives, so it should come as no surprise that she was left 'horrified and shocked' after Luann de Lesseps announced the end of her seven-month marriage to Tom D'Agostino last month.

But the Oscar-winning actress, 27, wasn't freaking out for the reason you might expect, but rather because she realized the Real Housewives of New York isn't currently in production, and, without cameras rolling, she might miss the priceless moments that followed Luann's divorce.

Calling herself 'kind of a producer of all of the Real Housewives,' J-Law shared that she immediately texted the mastermind behind the Bravo franchise, Andy Cohen, to give him instructions on how to cover the 52-year-old's divorce on the show.

Scroll down for video



Number one fan! Jennifer Lawrence, 27, pictured with Bravo showrunner Andy Cohen, said she was 'horrified' after hearing of Real Housewife of New York Luann de Lessep's divorce

Jimmy loves it: The Oscar winner made the comments during an appearance on the Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon on Tuesday

'My stomach dropped because I realized that I had just seen the reunion, which means they aren't filming. And so I texted Andy and I was like, "Get a camera in Ramona [Singer]'s face right now,"' an animated Jennifer told Jimmy Fallon during a Tonight Show appearance on Tuesday.

Practically a producer: The Mother! star said she constantly gives Andy production advice

'I also told him to show the moment in the Berkshires where Bethenny [Frankel] is crying and goes, "I just don't think your guy is a good guy,"' she added, referencing one of the many moments one of Luann's costars tried to warn her about her then-fiance Tom, 50.

It's understandable that the actress would not want to miss the Housewives of New York's reactions to the divorce, since every single one of them warned the former countess against marrying Tom.

Awkwardly enough, Bethenny had shown her a picture of the notorious player making out with another woman before the wedding happened.

And maybe Andy took Jennifer's advice after all- she went on to assure Jimmy, who said Bravo is also always on in his house, that the Watch What Happens Live! host listens to her production ideas, even bragging that the fate of one of the Housewives is 'kind of' in her hands.

Doomed from the start: J-Law asked Andy to show one of the many moments Luann's costars warned her against marrying Tom D'Agostino (pictured)

Her happy place: Jennifer said Andy listens to her advice and the fate of one of the housewives may even be in her hands

'Andy Cohen and I, I would call us colleagues,' she said. 'I get really passionate and I give him a lot of advice.'

But the Mother! star isn't just a fan of the New York chapter of the Housewives, the self-declared obsessed fan does not miss a moment of the different reality series, and even has her own fun way of enjoying them.

'With Beverly Hills, my friends and I have a drinking game any time Lisa Rinna says her husband's full name, Harry Hamlin. Have you guys ever noticed that? She always goes, "Harry Hamlin's on his way!"' Jennifer said laughing.

It's not the first time Jennifer has professed her love for reality TV; in a recent Vogue interview, the September cover girl also shared some thoughts about what makes her love it so much, and what she said could fit Luann's story line.

'You can look at someone else’s life and say, "Well, obviously, you shouldn’t marry that guy," and it makes you feel like God for 30 minutes,' she said.