Boxers or briefs? Prince Harry's quickfire questions for Obama Prince Harry quizzed former US president Barack Obama on life after leaving office and the effects of social media on society.

But the pair also had time for a quickfire round of questions at the end. Here they are in full:

Harry: White House Down or Olympus Has Fallen?

Obama: Didn’t see either of them.

Harry: You have to make a choice.

Obama: I didn’t see either, how can I make a choice?

Harry: White House Down.

Obama: Ok, I’ll take your word for it.

View image in fullscreen Channing Tatum (left) and Jamie Foxx in White House Down. Photograph: Reiner Bajo/Publicity image from film company

Harry: What do you miss most, the cinema or the bowling alley?

Obama: Cinema – we call it a movie theatre but that’s fine.

Harry: Boxers or briefs?

Obama: Sorry – we don’t answer those questions.

Harry: Lebron James or Michael Jordan?

Obama: Jordan – although I love Lebron - but I’m a Chicago guy.

View image in fullscreen Michael Jordan (left) and LeBron James. Photograph: Chuck Burton/AP

Harry: Aretha Franklin or Tina Turner?

Obama: Aretha is the best.

Harry: Rachel or Monica?

Obama: I like Rachel.

View image in fullscreen Jennifer Aniston as Rachel Green in Friends. Photograph: NBC via Getty Images

Harry: Kim or Khloe.

Obama: This one I have to defer on.

Harry: Ok, Harry or William?

Obama: William right now.

Harry: Titanic or The Bodyguard?

Obama: Titanic.

Harry: Suits or the Good Wife?

Obama: Suits obviously.

Allow GIPHY content? This article includes content provided by GIPHY . We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. To view this content, click 'Allow and continue'. Allow and continue

Harry: Cigarettes or gum?

Obama: Gum now, baby.

Harry: White House or Buckingham Palace?

Obama: White House just because Buckingham Palace looks like it would take a really long time to mow. Lot of upkeep.

Harry: Queen or The Queen?

Obama: The Queen.

Harry: The Rock or Chris Rock?

Obama: That’s an interesting question. I like them both.

Allow GIPHY content? This article includes content provided by GIPHY . We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. To view this content, click 'Allow and continue'. Allow and continue

Harry: Slip N Slide or Electric Slide?

Obama: Electric Slide, that’s my generation.

Harry: Your last five dollars. Buy a burger or buy a lottery ticket?

Obama: Depends on how the good the burger is. But I like a good burger.