Natalie Negrotti Comes Out as Pansexual, Opens Up About New GF Opening up. Big Brother alum Natalie Negrotti revealed that she is pansexual and dating a woman during the Tuesday, July 17, episode of The Challenge: Final Reckoning. She also claimed that Kayleigh Morris outed her on social media following the huge fight during Vendettas, in which other women in the house threw Kaleigh’s luggage over the balcony. While Natalie claims she was not part of the “mean girls” moment, as the show phrased it, Kaleigh didn’t believe her, later calling her a “lesbian” on social media.

Related: 5 Greatest Moments in ‘The Challenge’ History Ever since its 1998 debut, MTV’s The Challenge has been filled with exciting moments. So much so, that Us Weekly has put together a gallery of some of the most memorable through the years — although it was tough to narrow it down. When it comes to finales, Rivals III still takes the cake as […]

“She did it in a really malicious way, and that’s what really hurt me. The way she did it. She was saying, ‘She doesn’t even like d—k, she likes p—sy. She’s a lesbian.’ I’m not a lesbian, I’m pansexual,” Natalie, 28, told Us Weekly on the “Watch With Us” podcast. “She outed me in a really aggressive way and kept going. It was really homophobic in a way. To me, that’s getting gay shamed. Then there was a whole bunch of people that started gay-shaming me, calling me a ‘dyke,’ going on my social media and attacking me for being gay.”

Natalie wasn’t ready to come out – and didn’t plan on doing so on the show. In fact, she hadn’t told her family at the time of Kayleigh’s comments. Since, she has called everyone and was forced to open up about everything.

Related: Celebrities’ Coming Out Stories Take a look back at LGBT celebrities' emotional, inspiring coming out stories from over the years -- including Wentworth Miller, Ellen Page, Jodie Foster and more

“It’s been a 28-year battle for me,” Natalie said. “I wanted to set a standard because you can’t do that. There are so many teenagers and kids that commit suicide every year because they get outed inappropriately. She took something that was mine and made it her own, and she did it really in a nasty way. Outing someone is not right and I want to set that standard … I wanted to come out in the right way, I wanted to turn it into something positive so that viewers that are going through the same thing that I’ve gone through don’t have to go through it for 28 years.”

Natalie also revealed she is in an exclusive relationship with a woman, who she describes as her “biggest supporter.” After Vendettas, Natalie and Johnny Bananas dated casually while both seeing other people. Ultimately, it just didn’t work.

Related: Couples Who’ve Survived the Reality TV Curse Who says true love doesn’t exist on reality TV? While it seems to be a trend that many marriages on reality TV end in divorce, there are still some reality TV couples out there beating the odds. Big Brother‘s Nicole Franzel and Victor Arroyo met while filming season 18 of Big Brother in 2016. The timing […]

The former NFL cheerleader added: “She’s a really great fit for me, and she’s really special to me.”

Listen to the podcast above to hear more about Natalie’s journey, what happened between she and Johnny, how it’s been working with Paul Calafiore and more. For more TV news and interviews, subscribe to the “Watch With Us” podcast.

The Challenge: Final Reckoning airs on MTV Tuesdays at 9 p.m. ET.