Brooklyn Beckham Photographs 'Game of Thrones' Sophie Turner Sitting On The Toilet Updated 10 August: Brooklyn Beckham has proved he's not just a talented photographer but a singer, much like his famous mother.

This morning, the 19-year-old posted a behind-the-scenes video of him on set with Game of Thrones star Sophie Turner for the cover of 1883 magazine.

At the beginning of the clip, the photographer can be heard singing Lil Skies' hit single 'Nowadays' to the camera but wasn't too sure if he was being filmed.

Luckily for us, he was.

He may have quit his university photography course earlier this month, but it appears Brooklyn Beckham is showing no signs of giving up on his passion of working behind the lens.

Last night, the 19-year-old star posted a photograph of the cover of the new 1883 Magazine, featuring Games of Thrones actress Sophie Turner.

Read Next

In the snap, the 22-year-old is photographed crouching on top of a blue toilet, wearing leather trousers and a printed shirt, carrying a beer bottle.

In another snap, the British-born star shared a behind-the-scenes picture of him cosying up with the GoT star, revealing the close bond they developed on set.

‘Love photographing you for 1883 x such a lovely girl,’ Brooklyn captioned the picture.

Earlier this morning, the budding photographer - who is rumoured to have just scored an internship in the UK with a prestigious photographer - has long professed his love of photography.

‘My dad bought me my first camera when I was 15, a Pentax K1000,’ Brooklyn previously told ET.

On pursuing a career in photography, the teen added: 'My mum was like, "Do it,"' Brooklyn said. '"If you don’t like it, you can [switch]."'

The star recently took the campaigns shots for his mother’s new Reebok collection.

Over the weekend Victoria posted a series of images shot by her son with the caption: ‘Love seeing my Merch Collection through @BrooklynBeckham eyes’.



Beckham’s big break in fashion came at the age of 16 when he first snapped photos for a Burberry fragrance campaign.

This is only the beginning for Brooklyn.