Million Dollar Listing Los Angeles' David Parnes Welcomes His First Child: See Photos The Million Dollar Listing Los Angeles family just got a little bigger. David Parnes welcomed his first child, a girl, with wife Adrian Abnosi on Thursday, April 12.

How to Watch Watch Million Dollar Listing Los Angeles on Peacock and Bravo.

David proudly introduced his and Adrian's little girl to the world on Instagram on Thursday with the most adorable first photo of the newborn. "My amazing wife @adrianabnosi gave us the best gift in the world today. Meet our baby girl India. She’s the most beautiful, precious soul I have ever met," David gushed on Instagram. "We can’t wait to spend every day with you. Thank you for lightening up our lives. We love you baby India."

Check out the post on Instagram

The MDLLA agent also shared his first sweet moments with his daughter in his Instagram Story. The video shows David holding India in the hospital. "Hi, my beautiful little girl. Who's my special little girl? Who's my little burrito? Who's my little sausage?" David says to his daughter. "It's your birthday today, sweetheart. It's your little birthday."

David in the hospital with his new bundle of joy, his baby daughter India. Photo: David Parnes/Instagram

A couple of familiar faces were also at the hospital to support David and Adrian as they welcomed their little girl. David's business partner James Harris captured some fun times in the waiting room in his Instagram Story. David's brother, Michael Parnes, whose battle with a brain tumor MDLLA fans heard about on the show, was also there to meet his niece. "So excited to hold my beautiful niece, India Parnes!" Michael shared on Instagram. "So proud of my sister in law @adrianabnosi and my little brother @davidbondst."

Check out the post on Instagram

David and Adrian announced that they were expecting their first child last October. "@davidbondst and I are so excited to share with everyone that we are expecting!!" Adrian shared along with a photo of her sonogram on Instagram. "Feeling so incredibly blessed and overjoyed! We can't wait to meet our little munchkin."

Check out the post on Instagram

David shared the same post on Instagram and wrote that he was "so happy and excited" to welcome his baby girl. The happy news came a few months after David and Adrian tied the knot on July 23, 2017 at the Villa Ephrussi de Rothschild in Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat near Nice, France.

Related

Check out more photos of the MDLLA couple, below.