Hugh Jackman, Zac Efron, and Zendaya Wow in Live Commercial for 'The Greatest Showman' -- Watch! The cast of The Greatest Showman certainly lives up to the movie's name!

In a live commercial that aired during Fox's musical A Christmas Story Live! on Sunday night, star HughJackman was joined by Zac Efron, Zendaya, and an enormous cast to perform the song "Come Alive" from the upcoming film.

Beginning with a few kids leaving the Christmas Story set and following Jackman -- in his P.T. Barnum ringmaster costume -- towards the back lot containing a large historical set, the performance kicked off with Jackman singing a quieter verse, before going big and tossing his cane to another performer.

As soon as Jackman finished his verse, the camera swung to Efron, with an unexpected mustache, and Zendaya, wearing her character's pink wig, dancing and singing on the steps of a building.

Keala Settle, who plays the Bearded Lady in the film, joined the rest of the cast next as the camera revealed just how many dancers filled the streets of the set.

Jackman then nailed a tricky top hat flip, as more and more dancers in colorful turn of the century costumes joined for the big finale, featuring more circus performers alongside the main cast.

For the big finish, Settle hit a high note and snow fell from the sky over the rightfully triumphant Jackman and his co-stars.

The whole performance took about three minutes, but as revealed on social media, required a lot of rehearsal.

Prior to the number, Efron tweeted a sped-up behind-the-scenes video, showing the cast in street clothes during a run through.

Jackman also shared some rehearsal videos on Instagram, writing, "No turning back now ... T minus 4 hours-ish. FOX. LIVE. COMMERCIAL. TONIGHT."

He also revealed he was nervous about pulling off his top hat trick. "Please let me hit the hat trick!!!" he wrote in the caption on another vid.

The Greatest Showman is in theaters Dec. 20. For more on the movie, check out the video below!

RELATED CONTENT: