How rich is star-lord? Chris Pratt’s net worth on his 38th birthday Chris Pratt has taken Hollywood by storm. Successfully making the leap from dopey TV sidekick to full-fledged action movie hero, he doesn’t appear to be slowing down any time soon. Pratt is set to star in a slew of upcoming projects, including “Avengers: Infinity War” and a yet-unnamed “Jurassic World” sequel, both due out in 2018.

This June 21, the actor will turn 38. Here is a look at his net worth, career and marriage to Anna Faris.

Chris Pratt Net Worth: $30 Million

Chris Pratt’s net worth of $30 million has its roots in Hawaii, when he was discovered while waiting tables. A part in Rae Dawn Chong’s 2000 comedy-horror short “Cursed Part 3” helped launch Pratt’s career, eventually leading to parts in the shows “Everwood” and “The O.C.”

His earnings have increased dramatically over the last few years, as he took on lead roles in blockbusters like “Jurassic World,” which grossed $1.67 billion worldwide, and “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2,” which was released in May 2017 and garnered more than $145 million its opening weekend, according to Box Office Mojo.

Chris Pratt went from earning $180,000 for “Delivery Man” in 2013 to $1.5 million for the first “Guardians of the Galaxy” one year later, according to celebrity earnings source TheRichest. The year 2015 brought Pratt a huge bump in earnings when he snagged the lead role in “Jurassic World,” earning just less than $10 million. A year after that, he starred in “Passengers” alongside Jennifer Lawrence for a whopping $12 million, according to Forbes.

RELATED: Check out Forbes richest people in the world:

Chris Pratt Movies, TV Career and Awards

Chris Pratt’s movies have earned billions at the worldwide box office, and the actor shows no signs of slowing down.

He played Josh Faraday in the 2016 reboot of “The Magnificent Seven,” originally a 1960 Western, and Jim Preston in “Passengers,” also released in 2016. He reprised his role as Peter Quill/Star-Lord in the 2017 “Guardians of the Galaxy” sequel and is rumored to play the same character in “Avengers: Infinity War,” due out in 2018. That same year, he’ll also reprise his role as Owen in the “Jurassic World” sequel.

Advertisement

See: The Out of This World Wealth of the ‘Passengers’ Movie Cast

Chris Pratt on ‘Parks and Recreation’

Among Chris Pratt’s television roles, he is most famous for his work as Andy Dwyer on Amy Poehler’s “Parks and Recreation.” His character appeared in the show’s debut season in 2009. Pratt’s comedic chops helped make Andy Dwyer a regular on the show until its 2015 finale.

Chris Pratt Awards

Chris Pratt won two MTV Movie Awards for his role in “Jurassic World” and was nominated for People’s Choice Awards in both the “Favorite Action Movie Actor” and “Favorite Movie Actor” categories. In 2015, he was nominated for five MTV Movie Awards for his performance in “Guardians of the Galaxy.” That same year, the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Films named him Best Actor for his role as Star-Lord.

Chris Pratt and Anna Faris Marriage

Chris Pratt’s wife, Anna Faris, is a successful actress with nearly 50 acting credits dating back to 1991. She is possibly best known for her role in the “Scary Movie” horror spoof franchise. The couple married in 2009 and had a son, Jack, in 2012.

Despite their wealth, Chris Pratt and Anna Faris’ 2009 wedding was a low key event in Bali, Anna Faris’ rep told PEOPLE.

Anna Faris’ net worth is estimated at $20 million, reported the website CelebrityNetWorth, and she is believed to earn $125,000 per episode for her role as Christy in the TV series “Mom.” Some of her biggest movies have been animated, with two “Alvin and the Chipmunks” movies earning more than $340 million each and two “Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs” movies earning more than $240 million each worldwide, according to estimates by Box Office Mojo.

Chris Pratt Lifestyle and Hobbies

Chris Pratt might be earning millions, but he’s quite the handyman. The actor posted to Instagram a restored 1965 Volkswagen Beetle he won playing blackjack. The self-taught mechanic spent 12 years restoring it to its current pristine condition. Here’s Chris Pratt’s Instagram post about the car:

In 2015, Anna Faris bought him something he’s always wanted as a combined Father’s Day and birthday gift: a piano. Although the price tag is undisclosed, the actor told E! it was the nicest gift he’s ever received.

Chris Pratt will celebrate his birthday as one of the most popular actors in Hollywood. He hit his stride in the last two years with leading roles in movies that were blockbusters. His wife is also among the entertainment world’s elite, and the couple has a Jurassic-sized lifestyle with plenty of new — and likely lucrative — projects on the horizon.