Hugh Grant Welcomes Baby No. 5 Congratulations are in order for Hugh Grant: He’s now a father of five! The 57-year-old actor’s partner Anna Eberstein gave birth to their third child last week.

Though the British dad has his hands full there’s a good chance he may make time for a stern chat with his ex-girlfriend Elizabeth Hurley. She’s the one who broke the news! While promoting her show The Royals, Hurley, 52, let it slip that he had welcomed baby No. 5.

“I’m very lucky that 31 years into our friendship, he’s still my best friend in the whole. He’s really a great guy,” she told E! on Tuesday, March 6. “I see him a lot; I speak to him a lot. You know, he’s now a father of five, he has five kids and he’s a great dad. Yeah, will he remain my best friend for life.”

Related: Can You Believe They Dated? From Christina Applegate and Brad Pitt to Justin Timberlake and Fergie, see Hollywood's odd couples of the past

Two days later, she elaborated about the newborn during an appearance on Bravo’s Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen. “He had another one last week. He has five,” the Austin Powers alum gushed. “He was over 50 when he spawned them all! He’s an enchanting dad.”

Hurley, who split from Grant in 2000 after 13 years together, added: “Having these kids has transformed him from a very miserable person into a fairly miserable person. It’s improved him. He’s gone up the scale.”

Related: Hot Brits! Royals, movie and pop stars, oh my! These English celebs are taking the world by storm

Grant and the Swedish television producer welcomed their first child, John, in September 2012. Their 2-year-old daughter, whose name has not been made public, made her debut in December 2015. The rom-com king also shares two kids — Tabitha, and Felix —with receptionist Tinglan Hong. In a cinematic twist, Hong and Eberstein were pregnant with their sons at the same time.

The Bridget Jones star told the Guardian in 2012 that fatherhood has made him “feel like a better person.”’

For the latest celebrity news and interviews subscribe to our new podcast ‘In Case You Missed Us’ below!

