Why This Celeb Says He's Still In Love With His High School Sweetheart If you haven't seen The Fault In Our Stars, do yourself a favor and watch it (you'll need tissues at the very least or a poncho at the very most). Ever since Ansel Elgort, 23, the star of that heartbreaking movie made his appearance as Gus, we've been in lurve with him.

Unfortunately, the reluctant adult, armchair philosopher, and lead in the new movie Baby Driver, is very much taken. Still, we sat down with the dreamy dude to discuss his love life (obviously), finding happiness, and his policy on lying to is girlfriend and high school sweetheart, dancer Violetta Komyshan, 21. (Plan a night of spa-like romance right from your bathroom with these Color Therapy Bath Botanicals, available at the Women's Health Boutique.)

Here's what he had to say:

What's it like dating your high school sweetheart?

I've never been with somebody from Hollywood, so I don't know what it's like, but I like having my love be away from my work. It's nice that she knows me as me before I was influenced by success or the stress and responsibility of being an adult. I feel like everyone's at their purest when they're just a kid.

What's the biggest difference between your work life and real life?

My work life and my regular life are very different—I feel like it's two personalities. There's actor Ansel, where I have to play a role and be "on." I take photos with everybody who asks, and I try to be professional.

But when I'm real-life Ansel, I'm not on all the time. If I'm riding the subway with my father [fashion photographer Arthur Elgort], I might not want to take a picture. When I'm home in New York, I feel like that same kid that went to high school here and nobody knew. I can still blend in, which is nice. You can't lose that, you know?

How do you find happiness?

Sometimes the way society wires us to believe that "this is the way you have to live your life to be happy" isn't always true. Yes, you have to work hard, but if the only way you find happiness is through success, then your life can be very up and down and you'll never feel satisfied.

We're not on the earth for that long, so there's nothing wrong with finding happiness all over the place, and I want to find happiness in many different ways. It's great to take a step back, take a deep breath, feel your presence here, and not allow all the societal pressures to dictate the way you live your life.

Watch men and women spill the honest truth about exactly what they think about cheating:

​

​

Do you have any habits you'd like to change?

I feel myself developing certain tics that come from my parents. When I find myself adopting my dad's sarcasm, I have to stop and think, like, Hey, you didn't like it when he was like that to you. Why are you doing this?

Do you think it's ever okay to lie to your S.O.?

I try to protect my partner by leaving out something that I know is going to make her upset. But I'm realizing that's not the right move. Even white lies, when you're trying to help somebody and not hurt them, aren't good. It's just always better to be up front and transparent.

What's your favorite kid snack?

"I love a bowl of cereal—Lucky Charms are always good. And sour straws and belts."

This article originally appeared in the June 2017 issue of Women's Health. For more great advice, pick up a copy of the issue on newsstands now!