Aaron Carter: 'Basically, I have an eating disorder' Kelly Lawler

USA TODAY

Updated April 26, 2017, 12:47 p.m. ET

Aaron Carter is opening up about his health.

The singer, 29, posted a string of tweets early Wednesday morning detailing his struggle with a hiatal hernia, which he called "a terrible stress condition that affects me having an appetite" and "an eating disorder."

"By the way y'all wanna know why I'm so skinny?" Carter wrote in his first tweet on the subject. "It's because @ 19, i was diagnosed with a hiatal hernia, I didn't choose that. be kind to me."

According to the Mayo Clinic's online database, a hiatal hernia occurs when part of the stomach pushes upward into the diaphragm, often causing heartburn and other symptoms, including "feeling especially full after meals."

"I'm sorry, sometimes I really wish I did look better, or I eat more like y'all say, this life doesn't come w much stability," Carter continued. "If you don't believe me ask my brother he was there when I was 19 diagnosed. It's a stress eating disorder, I'm sorry I didn't choose this."

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

He added that "No I don't do drugs, yes I feel pain, I haven't stopped working since I was 7 years old 22 years later and I still won't give up. Any of my fans who I let down or made them embarrassed to be my fans anymore I'm so sorry. I will never stop trying to win your hearts back. All things done in the dark always come to light."

Carter ended his tweets on a hopeful note, writing, "I might not be exactly where I want to be but I'm doing much better than I was before ... Goodnight."

The singer has been back in the news in recent weeks after he released a five-song EP, LØVË, in February, his first release since his 2002 album Another Earthquake. In a recent interview with Us Weekly, he talked about how he's grown since his troubles in the spotlight when he was younger.

“When you start off so young, you lose sight of what’s reality and it becomes your normality," he told the magazine. "I lost everything and got it back. When that happened, it made me have much more appreciation for what I have now.”

USA TODAY has reached out to Carter's representatives for further comment on his tweets.

See all of Carter's tweets below.