Kate Middleton Takes More Serious Role By Hosting Round Table Discussion About Maternal Mental Health Days after practicing her serve at a Tennis for Kids session, the Duchess of Cambridge has hosted a private meeting at Kensington Palace to seriously tackle the issue of mental health for new mums.

Yesterday, the pregnant royal was photographed by the Kensington Palace Twitter page discussing maternal mental health with some 12 guests including members from Maternal Mental Health Alliance, Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists, Kings College and Best Beginnings.

Kensington Palace shared a picture of the mother-of-two discussing health issues and tweeted:

The palace went onto explain that at least 20 per cent of women are affected by mental health problems during pregnancy or in the first year following the birth of a child.

The Duchess - who was the brainchild of mental health campaign Heads Together with her husband Prince William and brother-in-law Prince Harry - has spoken openly about her own struggles with the isolation of motherhood following the birth of her children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte.

Speaking with mothers during a meeting at the Global Academy earlier this year, the pregnant mum admitted to a group of mothers: 'It is lonely at times and you do feel quite isolated, but actually so many other mothers are going through exactly what you are going through.

Getty Images

'It is being brave enough, like you obviously were, to reach out to those around you.'

The palace also announced that Kate will visit the Hornsey Road Children's Centre in London on 14 November after having to postpone her engagement there in September following her battle with severe morning sickness.

During her visit, she will learn more about Family Action's perinatal mental health services and meet parents who have been helped by the charity, reports HELLO! Magazine.

Getty Images

Despite being pregnant, the Duchess shows no signs of reducing her royal duties, as she's scheduled to attend a gala dinner for the Anna Freud National Centre for Children and Families at Kensington Palace next week. The following day, she will also carry out an engagement with children's mental health charity Place2Be.

What a busy bee Kate is at the moment!

Related Story What Kate Middleton did before she was royal

Related Story What It\'s Like To Attend A Royal Wedding