Meghan King Edmonds Welcomes Twin Boys The Real Housewives of Orange County alum's family just got a little bigger.

Meghan King Edmonds' family just grew by two. The Real Housewives of Orange County alum officially welcomed her twin boys on June 5, her husband, Jim Edmonds, confirmed in his Instagram Story. They are the second and third kids for Meghan and Jim, joining big sister, Aspen King Edmonds. (They also have four stepsiblings from Jim's previous relationships.)

How to Watch Watch The Real Housewives of Orange County on Peacock. Catch up on the Bravo app. Stream Now on

Jim shared a photo of his twins' footprints on his arm in his Instagram Story. "1 little foot each," he captioned the photo. "They made it. Everyone is safe and healthy. Pictures will come soon."

Meghan first announced she was expecting back during the RHOC Season 12 reunion in November 2017 and in December she confirmed she was having twins. She also opened up about undergoing IVF again to make her dreams of expanding her family a reality.

Jim hinted that Meghan was in labor at the hospital in his Instagram Story. Photo: @jimedmonds15/Instagram Stories

Jim announced the birth of his twins in his Instagram Story on June 6. Photo: @jimedmonds15/Instagram Stories

In the months leading up to the twins' births, Meghan stepped away from RHOC and her family moved from the West Coast to St. Louis, Missouri. And she certainly kept fans up to date on every moment of her pregnancy as she and her family prepared to go from a family of three to a family of five.



Related

She was also quite candid about how she was preparing to give birth to her two little boys. "I love knowing my body can handle childbirth; it’s such a beautiful gift to experience a vaginal delivery drug-free. It’s not scary, it’s exhilarating! It’s badass! It’s spiritual! It hurts like hell but I can handle it! And I’m looking forward to each mind-blowing contraction because out comes two babies at the end. I do hope it’s quick and relatively easy but if not, I can handle that, because I have before. I’ve prepped my body by treating it like a temple through nourishment, I’ve prepped my mind by breathing and meditating, I’ve prepped my spirit by praying: I’ve got this. Let’s do it."

See more Meghan, below.