Bob Harper: Howard Stern Reached Out to Me After My Heart Attack Sending him love! Bob Harper revealed the surprising star that reached out to him following his heart attack during an appearance on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen on Tuesday, April 11. Watch the video above!

“Howard Stern. Him and [his wife] Beth, they reached out to me,” Harper, 51, told host Cohen, 48, and fellow guest Rachel Dratch. “Then Howard sent me a video of naked men doing yoga. Beth was like, ‘You’re gonna give him another heart attack!’ I love him.”

Related: Celebrity Workout Buddies Friendship and fitness! Celebs are just like Us — they’d rather stay in shape with the help of their friends or significant others. Whether it’s assuming the downward dog position, hitting the pavement or lifting weights, stars enjoy shedding pounds with their famous acquaintances by their side. Reese Witherspoon, for example, goes on hikes with her […]

When asked if he received well-wishes from any Biggest Loser stars, he added: “I heard from almost everyone.”

As previously reported, the personal trainer stopped breathing after he finished a workout with friends at the gym on February 12. He was given CPR and was rushed to a nearby hospital.

Related: Celebrity Weight Fluctuations: Stars With Ever-Changing Bodies Some stars, like Oprah Winfrey, Kirstie Alley, Jessica Simpson, and Christina Aguilera, are as famous for their ever-changing bodies and weight ups and downs as for their talent

“When I heard that you had cardiac arrest I didn’t know that meant that you technically died,” Cohen said on Tuesday night. “I technically died,” Harper replied. “There was a piece of paper from the doctor that said, ‘Cause of death: cardiac arrest.’ That’s a wake up call!”

Earlier this month, Harper said on the Today show that he had a “6 percent survival rate” and that he didn’t take prior warning signs seriously enough.

Related: Biggest Reality TV Villains Ever! Look back at some of the biggest villains who wreaked havoc in shows like ‘Survivor,’ ‘The Bachelor,’ ‘Big Brother’ and the ‘Real Housewives’ franchise!

“I fainted one time in the gym, I started having these dizzy spells and I just kind of overlooked them,” he recalled to Cohen. “[I] just adapted, which was just the dumbest [thing to do]. I kicked myself over and over again about that.”