Jodie Sweetin (1982-)

Synopsis

Jodie Sweetin was born on January 19, 1982, in Los Angeles, California. After booking several national commercials, she was cast in a guest spot on the series Valerie. At age 5, she debuted as Full House's Stephanie Tanner, the middle sister of three. Sweetin continues to perform, appearing in the big-screen releases Small Bits of Happiness (2008), Redefining Love (2009) and Port City (2009).

Early Life

Jodie Lee Ann Sweetin was born on January 19, 1982, in Los Angeles, California. Sweetin was adopted by Sam, a handyman, and Janice, a wedding coordinator. Her acting talent was evident early on and, at the urging of family friends, Janice brought her 4-year-old to meet with a talent agent. After booking several national commercials, Sweetin was cast in a guest spot on the popular series, Valerie. Her precociousness and winning smile caught the eyes of Thomas Miller and Robert Boyett, producers who were then putting together the framework of the sitcom Full House.

Full House

At the age of 5, Jodie Sweetin debuted as Full House's Stephanie Tanner, the middle sister of three. Her catchphrase—"How rude!"—is still requested by fans. That same year, she was cast in Jim Henson Presents: Mother Goose Stories.

Although she quickly bonded with her Full House family, Sweetin had a difficult time adjusting to school. A strong student, Sweetin was teased by classmates for her burgeoning fame. She spent her grammar and middle school years trying to embrace a normal life and separate herself from her on-screen persona. At the age of 13, she entered Los Alamitos High School. That year, Full House was canceled, and Sweetin experienced her first brushes with alcohol abuse.

After graduating in 1999, Sweetin temporarily capped her acting career with a two-episode role on Party of Five. She began attending Chapman University in Orange, California, and although she had an academic scholarship, she rarely attended classes. Instead, Sweetin's hard-partying ways earned her a .9 GPA, and stanched her scholarship. Sweetin returned to her parent's house to break her ties to drugs and alcohol, and to refocus her life.

Drug Addiction and Rehab

In July 2002, Sweetin wed boyfriend Shaun Holguin, a police officer. During their marriage, she experimented with crystal methamphetamine, and soon became deeply addicted to the drug. Three years later, after a drug-related hospitalization, she agreed to enter a rehabilitation program. Sweetin underwent six weeks of intensive treatment, and entered a sober living facility after her release. As a result of her addiction, she and Holguin divorced in 2006.

Shortly after her time in recovery, Sweetin began to re-enter the limelight. In 2006, she was tapped to host FUSE's Pants-Off Dance-Off. The following year, she met and married Cory Herpin, a set designer. Her daughter Zoie was born in April 2008. Although the couple had plans to star in a reality show about their life and family, they split seven months later.

Sweetin continues to perform, appearing in the big-screen releases Small Bits of Happiness (2008), Redefining Love (2009) and Port City (2009). Since then, Sweetin appeared in a couple of independent films. Sweetin had her second child, Beatrix, with her third husband, Morty Coyle. The couple married in March 2012, but their union didn't last. Sweetin announced she was legally separating from Coyle in June 2013.

Watch The Unauthorized Full House Story on Lifetime Movie Club

QUICK FACTS

Name: Jodie Sweetin

Birth Year: 1982

Birth date: January 19, 1982

Birth State: California

Birth City: Los Angeles

Birth Country: United States

Gender: Female

Best Known For: At age 5, actress Jodie Sweetin debuted as Full House's Stephanie Tanner, the middle sister. Her catchphrase—"How rude!"—is still requested by fans.

Industries

Television



Film

Astrological Sign: Capricorn

Schools

Chapman University



Los Alamitos High School

Fact Check: We strive for accuracy and fairness. If you see something that doesn’t look right, contact us!