Royal complexion: Meghan Markle’s ‘PERFECT SKIN’ secrets revealed by skin care expert Meghan Markle wears short white tuxedo dress in New Zealand 176945575513jyvMX2

Acne is common during pregnancy but after announcing she is expecting her first child, the former Suits actress’ skin appeared more gorgeous than ever.

Doctor Ross Perry, skin care expert and owner of skin clinics chain Cosmedics, told Express.co.uk that in order to get Meghan’s constant glowing complexion there are several hacks you can follow. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Mr Perry said: “Do regular steams at home, exfoliate a couple of times a week, drink vast amounts of water to keep skin hydrated and wear a sun protection factor at all times.

“This will help avoid pigmentation on the face.

“Stick to a healthy diet of leafy greens packed full of antioxidants, fruit and veg.” Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

However, the skin expert pointed out that in order to sport an utterly flawless skin like Meghan did on her wedding day, “several months of perfecting are involved”. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Mr Perry explained: “Meghan would have started a skin regime months ahead, specifically designed to improve the skin’s health from within, such as laser, microdermabrasion or skin peels.

“We also know she had regular bespoke facials.

Meghan Markle manages to keep her skin radiant and glowing at all times

After announcing she is pregnant, the former Suits actress’ skin appered more gorgeous than ever

“Skin peels can promote collagen production and stimulate cell renewal, tightening the skin and promoting a more even skin tone with a natural glow.”

The doctor also believes Princess Eugenie was as dedicated to her skin routine as her new cousin-in-law, estimating she followed “a seven step programme for at least six months”.

The skin care expert suggested Eugenie sported what is called a “glass skin” on her wedding day, which is “the Korean beauty technique that involves creating a gleaming, porcelain-like effect on the skin”.

But Mr Perry warned: “Unfortunately It's not something you get overnight – it's consistent skincare over a number of months which gives you that refined texture and involves double cleansing and the seven skin method.

Meghan sported an utterly perfect skin at her wedding, but months of "perfecting were involved"

Eugenie sported what is called a “glass skin” on her wedding day

Royal Wedding: Princess Eugenie smiles at Jack during service

The latest news and gossip from the Royal Family plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

"It is simply the act of applying a toner or a lightweight, watery essence to your face up to seven times—hence, the name "seven”.