Oprah Winfrey Reveals The Adorable Message She Took Away From Meghan Markle's Royal Wedding Oprah Winfrey has us welling up all again over Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's fairytale wedding as she reveals what she took away from the beautiful day.

'It left me feeling that anything is possible through the power of love,' Winfrey told British Vogue. 'Reverend Curry was right!'

Getty Images

The Emmy-award winning star revealed she couldn't get enough of the Duchess of Sussex's personal touches on her big day at St George's Chapel in Windsor on 19 May, which included a sermon from Chicago-based pastor Bishop Michael Bruce Curry.

During his impassioned speech about the enduring message of compassion, Curry honoured the duchess' American heritage, and quoted the late great Martin Luther King Jr.

'We must discover the power of love, the redemptive power of love,' he told the guests. 'And when we discover that, we will be able to make of this old world a new world. Love is the only way.'

Getty Images

Opening up about the couple's nuptials in the August edition of O, The Oprah Magazine, the star also recalled how shocked she was to be overcome with so much emotion during the nuptials.

Read Next

'I was unprepared for the depth of emotion I felt stepping onto the grounds of Windsor Castle,' Oprah wrote in the upcoming issue. 'It literally took my breath away. I exclaimed out loud to no one in particular: "Whoa! This right here is a whole 'nother level!"'

'And I thought immediately of the history, the legacy, the astounding moment Meghan Markle was stepping into. And what it would take to be prepared for such a moment,' she added. 'The life she was leaving behind and the new world to which she was rising—all part of a destiny she helped design.'

The A Wrinkle In Time star also let slip about how smitten the bride and groom looked during the celebration.

'We all want to feel as radiant, joyful, and alive as Meghan looked on her way down the aisle to meet Harry. Both of them were glowing with happiness,' she continued.

Getty Images

'I can't wait to see the goodness that will come from their union. Goodness that I know for sure will help change the way the world thinks about what is possible, even more than it already has.'

Winfrey had previously disclosed that two days before the royal wedding, she had to change her cream dress she commissioned from Stella McCartney over fears that it looked too white.



Thanking Stella McCartney and her team for working round the clock to remake it in pale pink, the media mogul shared a photo of her new dress on Instagram along with the caption: 'Thank you @stellamccartney!'

'Realised Friday morning the beige dress I was planning to wear to Royal ceremony would photograph too "white" for a wedding.Her team did this overnite. Hat is vintage @philiptreacy been in my closet since 2005 with new feathers. OMG was this an extraordinary day.'

Meanwhile, in the run up to the wedding, Meghan's mother Doria Ragland visited Winfrey's Santa Barbara home where they enjoyed yoga and ate kumquats. Casual.

'The story was that Meghan's mum had come to my house and she left laden with gifts, she said to Entertainment Tonight at the Love Is premiere last month.

Getty Images

‘You know what the gifts were? First of all, she's great at yoga, so I said, “Bring your yoga mat and your sneaks in case we just want to do yoga on the lawn.” So one of the bags was a yoga mat and the other was lunch.’

A pair of new BFFs we can definitely get behind...