Tom Hanks and wife Rita Wilson discuss 29th anniversary They'll celebrate their 29th wedding anniversary on the 30th of April.

And it seems Tom Hanks and wife Rita Wilson are quite excited to mark the big day, as they shared with E! News at The Circle premiere on Wednesday night.

The 60-year-old Forrest Gump actress looked visibly giddy as he stood next to his second wife on the red carpet.

Quite an accomplishment! It seems Tom Hanks and wife Rita Wilson are quite excited to mark their pending 29th wedding anniversary

Rita, 60, was the first to respond when asked about the big milestone.

'I'm not going to say,' said the mother of two nervously with a big smile. She shares Chet, 26, and Truman, 21, with her famous actor husband.

Tom then jumped in, sharing 'we have top secret plans that are going to set the world on fire.'

The multiple Oscar winner was then asked about his newest movie The Circle, which is about a monolithic company and its questionable use of user data.

Mysterious: Tom then jumped in, sharing 'we have top secret plans that are going to set the world on fire'

'It sells the glory of Internet informational monopolies,' he replied with a chuckle, adding, perhaps somewhat facetiously, 'as soon as you embrace the relentlessness and inevitability of it all, the happier you will be.'

He also had nothing but good things to say about co-star Emma Watson, 27.

'She's driven,' he started, 'she has these notebooks that she is just listening to everything you say and everything that is said and writing it down.'

Life imitating art? The multiple Oscar winner was then asked about his newest movie The Circle, which is about a monolithic company and its questionable use of user data

'She ends up filling up an entire one after you've had about four or five afternoons chit-chatting. It's a work ethic that's pretty stunning.'

The Saving Private Ryan star couldn't praise the Harry Potter actress enough, saying that she possesses a 'bit of an Einstein quality.'

The discussion then took a more sober tone when the conversation turned to the death of friend and director Jonathan Demme, who passed away on Wednesday at the age of 73.

Dynamic duo: Hanks also had nothing but good things to say about co-star Emma Watson, 27 (pictured together at The Circle premiere)

'This is is a horrible day. Jonathan taught I think both of us a lot about how to be artists and how to be in showbiz and also how to be the people with both feet on the ground.'

Rita then stepped in to add 'He was so inclusive. While working on Philadelphia he would invite anyone to see dailies. Directors just don't do that. He felt it was a valuable quality to be part of the community.'

Tom then recalled that he had taken Rita to Demme's concert film Stop Making Sense for their first date, and that 'he had a real key place in our life.'