Louis Tomlinson will NOT be charged for airport brawl involving girlfriend Eleanor Calder The One Direction singer was arrested in March following the altercation at Los Angeles' LAX airport

IN THE CLEAR Louis Tomlinson will NOT be charged for airport brawl involving girlfriend Eleanor Calder

LOUIS Tomlinson will not be charged over his airport brawl with a photographer in LA last month.

The One Direction singer was arrested following the bust-up on March 3 at Los Angeles International Airport when he was travelling with his girlfriend Eleanor Calder.

But the Los Angeles City Attorney’s Office said the 25-year-old will only be called to a hearing before the authority.

A spokesman said: “Each of the parties will be interviewed regarding the incident and advised of the law and ways to avoid similar incidences in the future.

“Typically there is no further action taken by our office after the hearing, though we do reserve the right to file charges up to one year from the date of the original incident should additional information or future actions require additional measures.”

Pals insisted at the time he had been trying to defend his girlfriend, who was also caught up in the scuffle, from a gang who refused to stop filming his fight with paparazzo Karl Larsen, shown in shocking pictures published exclusively in the Sun on Sunday.

The couple had been returning to LA after a holiday in Vegas when the clash happened.

The attorney’s office added that a letter would be sent to Louis on Tuesday with details of the hearing, which will take place at the end of April.

The case was due to be heard at LAX courthouse on March 29 but the hearing was postponed.

After the incident, Louis’ lawyer Martin Singer said: “The paparazzi provoked and caused the altercation that occurred with Louis at the airport.

“This is not the first or last time that a paparazzi has created an altercation with a celebrity.

“While the altercation was going on with the paparazzi, three other individuals were attacking his girlfriend during this incident and he came to her defence.”

A police report of the incident revealed Louis had “fresh abrasions” on his knuckles after the fracas and Larsen claimed he was knocked unconscious.

Onlooker Ana Becerra, who was embroiled in the scrap, had claimed Louis punched her in the eye and broke her glasses and her wife Bianca Garza told cops the singer grabbed her spouse by the waist “bear hug style” and threw her over his shoulder.

When an officer asked Louis if he recalled sweeping Larsen’s legs causing him to fall to the ground, the star answered: “I may have taken him down…I remember we both fell to the floor.”

Eleanor admitted to cops she tried to slap the phone out of Becerra’s hands after she began filming the scuffle, but claims she was then punched and kicked by the woman before Louis intervened.

However, while Louis won’t face charges, Ana previously claimed she would sue the star.

A spokesperson for Louis confirmed that the charges have been dropped.