Catelynn Lowell Heads Back to Treatment: ‘Third Time’s a Charm’ Just two and a half weeks after returning home from treatment, Teen Mom OG star Catelynn Lowell revealed she is heading back to seek additional help.

Related: Stars Who’ve Battled Mental Health Issues Demi Lovato, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Jon Hamm, Carrie Fisher, and Ashley Judd are among the many celebrities who've admitted to struggling with depression, anxiety, or bipolar disorder

“Well they say third times a charm… I’m going back to treatment people for 6 weeks to work on my trauma and getting on different meds. THANK YOU @TylerBaltierra I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!!! You are my light!! And nova you are my sunshine #KeepTalkingMH,” the MTV personality, 25, tweeted on Wednesday, January 17.

Well they say third times a charm… I’m going back to treatment people for 6 weeks to work on my trauma and getting on different meds. THANK YOU @TylerBaltierra I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!!! You are my light!! And nova you are my sunshine #KeepTalkingMH — Catelynn Baltierra (@CatelynnLowell) January 17, 2018

When a fan tweeted and asked Lowell about what “trauma” she was referring to, she responded with, “My childhood trauma!!!”

Related: Teen Mom OG’s Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra’s Wedding Album! Teen Mom OG stars Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra tied the knot on Saturday, Aug. 22, at the stunning Castle Farms venue in Charlevoix, Mich. -- see the exclusive pictures!

Lowell, who shares 3-year-old daughter Novalee with husband Tyler Baltierra, entered a six-week treatment program in November after having suicidal thoughts. She returned home on December 30. “So excited for the future and seeing my family!! Six weeks of treatment and I feel good! Gotta work it when I get home thanks for all your support,” she tweeted on her way home.

Before entering treatment in November, Lowell exclusively spoke to Us Weekly about her journey to recovery.

Related: Teen Mom Stars, Then and Now! It’s been quite a journey for the cast of Teen Mom. The series launched in December 2009 as the first spinoff from MTV’s 16 and Pregnant. The debut season followed the lives of Maci Bookout, Catelynn Lowell, Amber Portwood and Farrah Abraham, who all experienced very different journeys during their teen pregnancies. On season 5, […]

“I’m taking the time I need right now to take good care of myself,” she said. “On November 17th I thought of every way possible to commit suicide … from wrapping a belt around my neck to just running my car into an electric pole. Thank God I have a support system and a HUSBAND and a DAUGHTER. Thank God I am self aware I’m seeking treatment and I WILL get better. Anyone feeling alone you ARE NOT ALONE! This world needs all of us! We are all here for a reason.”

The Conquering Chaos author has been vocal for years on Teen Mom OG and on social media about her battle with postpartum depression in 2016. She also spent time getting treatment then as well.