Trump to Jimmy Fallon: 'Be a man.' Late-night host answers with donation to help migrants. WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is telling "Tonight Show" host Jimmy Fallon to "be a man" and stop "whimpering" about the personal anguish he felt over the backlash he received after messing up Trump's hair during a 2016 campaign appearance on the late-night talk show.

Subscribe to read this story ad-free Get unlimited access to ad-free articles and exclusive content.

Fallon recently told The Hollywood Reporter that he "made a mistake" on the Sept. 15, 2016, episode and would do it differently.

During that interview with the presidential candidate, Fallon thanked Trump "for giving us the material that we are doing" and said he has been "amazing to follow" because "you say some shocking things that I cannot even believe."

"But I'm trying not to anyway," Trump replied.

Fallon's latest comments, however, didn’t appear to sit well with Trump.

The president tweeted Sunday:

.@jimmyfallon is now whimpering to all that he did the famous “hair show” with me (where he seriously messed up my hair), & that he would have now done it differently because it is said to have “humanized” me-he is taking heat. He called & said “monster ratings.” Be a man Jimmy! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 25, 2018

Fallon responded on Twitter with a nod to the plight of young immigrants caught up in administration policies.

"In honor of the President’s tweet I’ll be making a donation to RAICES in his name," Fallon said, referring to a nonprofit organization that provides free and low-cost legal services to immigrant children, families and refugees in Texas.

In honor of the President’s tweet I’ll be making a donation to RAICES in his name. — jimmy fallon (@jimmyfallon) June 25, 2018

The Refugee and Immigrant Center for Education and Legal Services, or RAICES, is the largest immigration legal services provider in Texas. The organization is on the front lines of the immigration battle in Texas.