Hocus Pocus' Vinessa Shaw Gives Birth to Baby Boy She’s a mom! Vinessa Shaw and husband Kristopher Gifford have officially welcomed their baby boy into the world.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2018 A new bundle of joy! Scroll through to see all the cute babies who were born to famous parents in 2018, so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive […]

The Hocus Pocus star, 41, shared the news on Instagram on Thursday, March 1, revealing that she had given birth to a son named Jack on February 20. “After a long labor with many complications, Baby Jack was finally born two and a half weeks after his due date on 2.20.2018 weighing in at 9lbs 9oz!!!” she captioned a sweet black-and-white snap of her newborn baby’s tiny hand holding her thumb. “Needless to say, we are overjoyed about our new little addition!”

“He and I went through a lot, as the plans of having a natural birth were derailed. But with the support of so many people: family, midwives, and hospital staff, we came out victorious, healthy, and happy!” she continued. “Ok that’s all. Too tired to write anything else. Nap time! 😴😴😴#happymommy #happyfamily #champions.”

Related: Just Like Us: Celebrity Moms From grocery shopping to bonding with their kids, see how star mamas spend their day

The Ray Donovan alum first revealed the news that she was pregnant via Instagram in August 2017. “Great News! We are proud and excited to share that we are expecting a little one early next year!” she wrote at the time. “My hubby is a graphic designer, so I hope you appreciate his cheekiness.”

In the photo she shared, Shaw and her husband were standing in front of a wall that read “Great news! I am pregnant.”

She followed up with a creative Hocus Pocus-themed photo that featured a positive pregnancy test. “Winnie, I smell… a child,” the photo read. “It’s just a bunch of Hocus Pocus.” She captioned it: “Maybe I should have used this for my pregnancy announcement?? #anythinggoes.”

Related: Cutest Celebrity Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

Shaw kept her followers updated throughout her pregnancy. She posted a photo of herself and her baby bump on February 2, writing: “When you can’t sit in a normal chair anymore, at least you can match your new ‘baby chair’! This bun is almost baked!”

On Valentine’s Day, the actress posted a photo of Gifford wishing him a happy birthday. “Happy Birthday to this man who has my heart!” she wrote. “Still waiting on the one who will have both of our hearts very soon! #bemine.” The pair tied the knot in 2008 and Jack is the pair’s first child.

The new mom appeared in the 1993 family comedy as Allison, alongside Bette Midler (Winifred), Sarah Jessica Parker (Sarah), Kathy Najimy (Mary), Omri Katz (Max) and Thora Birch (Dani).