Prince Harry Visited Meghan Markle on the Set of Suits in Toronto As had been expected, Meghan Markle made an appearance over the weekend in Toronto at the Invictus Games, the weeklong event which Prince Harry—who, as you may have heard, Markle is dating—created. Markle’s appearance on Saturday in the audience at the opening ceremony may not have been what impatient royal spectators had been hoping for—Markle sat with friend Markus Anderson, situated far from Harry in the arena—but still technically marked their first joint appearance at an official event. (More intriguing: one of Prince Harry’s personal protection officers was standing in the stairwell near Markle, which many are taking as a sign that Markle is in fact already engaged to the royal.)

And it turns out Harry reciprocated, having visited Markle at her place of work earlier in the week. Per several outlets, though originating with a Hello! report, Harry “tried to maintain a low profile” as he stopped by the set of Suits to see Markle in action. “He was super low-key, met some crew, and was so happy to watch his lady,” the source said. “He’s incredibly supportive of her work.” Markle reportedly gave Harry a tour of the set, as well. (We very much want to believe Harry filmed a cameo for an upcoming Suits episode, as well, as a British lawyer on a transfer or the posh cousin of a client, or such.)

Harry will remain in Toronto until Saturday, so it’s very possible we are in for additional sightings and appearances for the couple, though they are also quite well-practiced at this point in doing so without being caught by photographers or otherwise creating any commotion. Though that does not mean they aren’t able to carve out moments of romance when out together: royal reporter Patricia Treble noted that, on Saturday at the opening ceremony, when everyone in the audience had their eyes on the stage for the rendition of “O Canada,” Prince Harry “turned his head and looked at Meghan Markle” from across the section between them in the crowd. Treble noted, “He took advantage of a rare moment out of the spotlight. It lasted a good 10 seconds. She didn’t notice. Yup, he’s in love.”