Pregnant Nikki Reed-Took Fashion Tips from Kim Kardashian on Maternity Style on Date Night With Ian Somerhalder! – Married Biography Pregnant Nikki Reed-Took Fashion Tips from Kim Kardashian on Maternity Style on Date Night With Ian Somerhalder!

Nikki Reed bringing Sexy during pregnancy

Nikki Reed, who’s expecting her first child is rocking with her overwhelming fashing

She wore Kim Kardashian’s maternity style on a date night with her husband Ian Somerhalder in L.A. on Saturday, May 27, 2017

Update: Their daughter, Bodhi Soleil Reed Somerhalder was born on 25 July 2017.

Nikki Reed Fashion Style

Nikki Reed wore a chic maternity outfit while out to dinner with husband Ian Somerhalder and a friend Saturday.

The Twilight alum, 31, wore a long, fitted black lace-up dress with a plunging neckline topped with a long black coat. She and her husband were joined by a friend for dinner.

Reed, who announced more than three weeks ago that she is pregnant with her first child, has rarely been spotted out in public in recent months.

She was last photographed in mid-May, grabbing a meal at the M Cafe in Los Angeles. At the time, she wore a long navy blue dress with a draped waist, paired with dark boots.

The couple married in 2015 and announced that they were expecting a baby with a sweet Instagram post.

The Vampire Diaries star, 41, was pictured kissing his wife’s baby bump in the beautiful photo with the caption,

“To our friends, family, and rest of the world. In my 38 years on this earth I’ve never experienced anything more powerful and beautiful than this. I can’t think of anything more exciting than this next chapter and we wanted you to hear this from us first. This has been the most special time of our lives and we wanted to keep it between the three of us for as long as possible so we could enjoy this time with each other and our little one who is growing so fast…because that’s what they do, they grow so fast. Thank you for your kind energy. Love, Ian.”

The actress also shared the photo on her Instagram account, along with a message to her unborn child,

“Hi, Little One. I know you, but only because I feel you. How is it possible to love someone so much already? All I know for sure is it’s the strongest feeling I’ve ever felt. We’ve been sharing this body for quite some time, and we’ve already experienced so much together. We can’t wait to meet you… Love, Your parents.”

According to an insider, the couple “really wanted a baby,”

“Nikki said she always knew she wanted to have kids before she turned 30,”

Fashion tips from Kim Kardashian

Nikki stated that she took maternity style fashion tips from the mother of four, Kim Kardashian. When Kim was pregnant with her son Saint, she wore a fitted dress topped with matching coats.

Also, the reality TV star said in a post on her website in 2015 that she was not trying to hide her bump, but wanted to accentuate it, while disguising other things. She wrote,

“Yes, long coats to cover my fat arms and ass,. It’s such a trip how your body grows and changes, and at the end of the day, you have to wear what you are comfortable in and what you feel good in.”

Since then, Kardashian’s pregnancy style has been adopted by celebs including Chrissy Teigen, Blac Chyna, Emily Blunt, and Kristin Cavallari.

Short Bio on Nikki Reed and Ian Somerhalder:

Nikki Reed is an American actress, screenwriter, singer-songwriter, and model. She is best known to the general public for her portrayal of vampire Rosalie Hale in The Twilight Saga (2008–2012). She is also popular for her role as Betsy Ross in the TV series Sleepy Hollow (2015-2016). – See more at…

Ian Somerhalder is an American actor, model, and director. He is famous for Damon Salvatore in The Vampire Diaries. Somerhalder is also widely known for his role in the TV Drama Lost as Carlyle. He also portrayed the role of Ricky Murdoch in CSI: Miami which was cast in 2003 in the episode The Best Defence. – See more at…

Share this

Disclaimer Statement: Married Biography's editors wrote and updated all of this data based on their best knowledge and understanding. If any mistakes are found, please use our email to report this content and images.