‘Fifty Shades Freed’ Actor Brant Daugherty Engaged to Kimberly Hidalgo Taking the next step! Brant Daugherty is engaged to Kimberly Hidalgo.

Related: Celebrity Engagements of 2018 Bring on the bling! Scroll through to see which stars proposed — or had the question popped to them — this year! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails […]

The Pretty Little Liars alum, 32, revealed via Instagram on Monday, February 26, that he popped the question to his girlfriend during their trip to Amsterdam.

“So we have some exciting news to share with everyone… A few weeks ago @kimhidalgo and I visited Amsterdam and I asked her to marry me!” he captioned a photo with Hidalgo, who showed off her new ring in the shot. “More importantly, she said yes. Now she’s stuck with me forever. Sucker.”

Related: Celebrity Weddings of 2018 Cheers to the newlyweds! Scroll through to see which stars tied the knot in 2018 so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly Deal of […]

Hidalgo posted the same photo to her Instagram on Monday, simply writing, “Ok @brantdaugherty, I’ll marry you. 🤗💍.”

The pair, who started dating in October 2016, also shared photos from their aforementioned trip to Amsterdam via Instagram earlier this month.

“Amsterdam for Valentine’s Day 😍,” the Dancing with the Stars alum captioned a video of his hotel room in the Netherlands on February 14.

Daugherty is best known for his roles as Noel Kahn on Pretty Little Liars and as Sawyer in Fifty Shades Freed, which is currently in theaters. The author of the Fifty Shades trilogy, EL James, congratulated the pair on their engagement. “Fabulous news!!! Congratulations both of you,” she commented on Daugherty’s Instagram.

Related: Pretty Little Liars: Before They Were Stars See what Ashley Benson, Lucy Hale, Troian Bellisario and Shay Mitchell looked like in their younger years

Hidalgo, who has made guest appearances on Grey’s Anatomy and How I Met Your Mother, also heard from some famous faces about the news. “Yaaaaaaaaas girl,” Ashley Tisdale commented on her photo.

“AHHHHHHHHH” Sarah Hyland wrote.