Carson Daly discovers touching 'goodbye' letter from his late mom Erin Jensen

USA TODAY

Updated Oct. 4, 2017, 2:54 p.m. ET

The unexpected death of Carson Daly's mom last month has taken its toll on the Today host, who has openly grieved the loss on social media.

But it seems Pattie Daly Caruso prepared to say goodbye nearly two decades before her fatal heart attack on Sept. 17 at her Palm Desert, Calif. home.

Daly shared on Instagram Wednesday that he and his sister, Quinn Daly, had unearthed a letter from his mom who was then "in the thick of her breast cancer battle" in 1998.

"She clearly thought she might not make it," Daly captioned a snapshot of the letter. "We never knew."

Caruso lived to be 73.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

"Take good care of yourselves and each other," the letter reads. I'm so proud of you! Each of you have brought me so much joy! Walk closely with God, and be faithful to His word.

"Teach my grandchildren as you have been taught," Caruso instructs. "Live each day and celebrate life — it is God's greatest gift!"

Anticipating her passing, she attempted to console her children. "You can feel my love even now — know I am with you always, your mommy"

Daly returned to Today Wednesday for the first time since Caruso's death, telling his colleagues he's "doing okay."

"I’m healing. Still in stock," Daly shared. "Really rough loss. Nobody likes that phone to ring in the middle of the night to get that call."

Feeling akin to those affected by Sunday's Las Vegas shooting, Daly said, "My heart re-breaks for everybody in Las Vegas, who just lost so many people, and they also got that call that somebody that they loved was suddenly taken away from them. It’s an incredible pain."

Daly thanked his colleagues for their support and expressed his gratitude for being a part of NBC's morning show. "You guys gave my mom the greatest gift ever by employing me on the Today show because she could watch me every single morning in her kitchen and I know that she did," he said. "And there’s no place she’d rather have me be than right back here."