Pregnant Daphne Oz shows off her bump in a nude selfie Daphne Oz's due date is rapidly approaching, and the expectant mom has shared a powerful message about the female body while celebrating her 38th week of pregnancy with a stunning nude selfie.

The 31-year-old television personality took to Instagram on Tuesday to share a photo of herself showing off the side profile of her baby bump while striking a pose sans clothes.

The picture, which was taken in her bathroom, sees Daphne strategically covering her bare breast with one hand while using the other to snap the mirror selfie.

'38 Weeks': Daphne Oz took to Instagram on Tuesday to share a stunning naked photo of herself in celebration of nine-months of pregnancy

Almost there! The 31-year-old, who is pictured at 36 weeks, revealed that she now weighs 193lbs, as she edges ever closer to her due date

Before posting the image, Daphne colored a portion of her bottom and thigh in with shades of pink to keep her backside covered.

'Well...we are very close now. 193lbs (so my doctor tells me - I don’t own a scale). Definitively not all baby,' Daphne wrote.

The soon-to-be mother-of-three explained that when she took the picture on Monday evening, it was supposed to be just for her family.

'I have collages of each baby growing in my belly and [I] try to write myself little reminders of what it felt like to know their movements and the excitement of holding them inside me before I got to know the actual people that would emerge,' she wrote.

'But I decided to share it with all of you because the female body is worth so much more than objectification, scrutiny, comparison, hatred...we do so much in this skin,' she continued. 'We all have complex relationships with the history of how we get comfortable living in and owning it.

Babymoon: Daphne shared a photo of herself in a seersucker bikini at 30 weeks pregnant back in September

Loving it: Daphne recently told Daily Mail Online that she is 'almost too happy to put up bikini pictures' while pregnant because there is no expectation for what her body should look like

Daphne often uses social medial to speak candidly with her 279,000 Instagram followers about her own experiences, and in her latest post she recalls her own complex relationship with her body.

'Mine has been a long, winding journey forward and back and forward again. And then there are moments like this that are a perfect duality: heavy and light, exhausted and exhilarated, unrecognizable and yet distinctly me (plus someone else),' she wrote.

'These last few weeks of pregnancy have gone so fast and slow and it got me thinking about a lot. I feel like you guys think these thoughts too. BIG LOVE!.'

Daphne and her husband, John Jovanovic, are expecting their third child — a baby girl — around the holidays.

The two are already proud parents to a three-year-old daughter, Philomena, and a two-year-old son, Jovan, whom they call John.

Pregnancy cravings: Daphne celebrated her last month of pregnancy by posing for a playful photo shoot with the maternity clothing brand HATCH

Yum: The soon-to-be mother-of-three was photographed surrounded by her favorite foods

Throughout her pregnancy, Daphne has shared numerous photos of her family, as well as pictures of her changing body, with her fans.

In late September, she celebrated 30 weeks of pregnancy with a photo of herself showing off her baby bump in a seersucker bikini.

Daphne was staying at Hotel Villa Cipriani, a luxury hotel in Asolo, a town in the Veneto region of northern Italy, when she snapped the selfie in the bathroom.

When sharing the snapshot, Daphne jokingly defended the location for her impromptu photo shoot, writing: '#30weeks and it's flying (ugh I know bathroom selfie, but those tiles...).

Just a few weeks before, over Labor Day weekend, Daphne struck a pose on the beach in frilly pink bikini while 27 weeks pregnant.

Strike a pose: Daphne attended American Girl Place's grand opening benefit to support the New York Public Library last weekend

Family photo: Daphne and her husband, John Jovanovic, are pictured with their children Philomena, three, and Jovan, two, at the little boy's baptism this month

Fun times: Daphne and her family celebrated Jovan's second birthday on October 21

'I am almost too happy to put up bikini pictures in pregnancy mode,' she said in a recent interview with Daily Mail Online.

The soon-to-be mother-of-three explained that she is someone who has struggled with her weight her entire life, but she loves that there is 'almost no expectation of what your body should look like' when you are carrying a baby.

'You are growing a human. That is the most powerful and empowering and goddess like you could feel,' she said.

Daphne recently posed for a playful photo shoot that sees her chowing down on her favorite foods while showing off her growing baby bump in her last month of pregnancy.

The cookbook author modeled everything from a sultry slip dress to a cozy sweater while posing with her favorite snacks for her shoot with the maternity clothing brand HATCH.

'I’m one of those weirdos that actually loves being pregnant,' she told the retailer's mommy blog. 'I feel no pressure to be anything other than in my own skin, growing this incredible little life. But talk to me three months postpartum when I still look six months pregnant.'