Bella Thorne and pals kicked out of hotel over marijuana Bella Thorne, her boyfriend Mod Sun and three friends were kicked out of Utah's Park City Marriott Sunday, where they were staying for the Sundance Film Festival, after hotel officials reportedly detected one of her associates smoking marijuana.

The 20-year-old and her pals 'were seen rushing out of the hotel hours before the premiere' of her new movie, an insider told Page Six. 'There were so many bags, they needed a trail car to carry them.'

Bella, a native of South Florida, is at the wintry film festival in support of her new, Sam Levinson-directed thriller Assassination Nation, which also features Bill Skarsgard, Suki Waterhouse, Hari Nef, Abra, and Joel McHale.

Scroll below for video

Causing a ruckus? Bella Thorne, 20, and boyfriend Mod Sun, 30, seen here at a Sundance party in Utah on Sunday, were kicked out of a Park City, Utah Marriott with three pals, according to Page Six

While she made it to Sunday's premiere of the movie, Bella fell short in promotional duties toward the film, as 'she called in sick for most of her press interviews on Monday' and 'canceled everything in the morning' amid the change of venue.

The 5ft8 actress and her friends subsequently relocated to another local Marriott, ironically - Marriott's MountainSide in Park City - a source told the paper.

The social media-savvy stunner, who boasts more than 17 million Instagram followers, has past been seemingly open about her use of marijuana, which is illegal in the state of Utah.

Earlier this month, she shared a shot on Twitter in which she was glassy-eyed and appeared to be reaching for a lit marijuana cigarette. She wrote, 'Gimmie dat thing so I don’t have to clean my room...' in a caption to the image.

Seeing red: The actress kept warm in a fluffy red coat while making her way through the snowy town, where she's promoting her movie Assassination Nation

Focused: The eccentric entertainer shared this shot to Twitter earlier this month

The Perfect High beauty's boyfriend Mod Sun, 30, appears to enjoy a bit of marijuana himself from time to time.

The rapper, whose real name is Derek Smith, has been seen in similar circumstances on social media, and his apparent fondness has also made its way into his art, as his catalog includes tracks titled Ganja Farmer and Stoner Girl.

Thankfully for both, a new law in the state of California, where Bella owns a home, made recreational marijuana legal.

The lady in red: Bella stood out in an elaborate ensemble in a shot taken earlier Monday