Kim Kardashian breaks her silence over surrogacy amid claims she’s chosen ‘married college graduate’ to carry her third child BABY TALK Kim Kardashian breaks her silence over surrogacy amid claims she’s chosen ‘married college graduate’ to carry her third child

KIM Kardashian has broken her silence over claims she’s chosen the woman who will be a surrogate for her third child with Kanye West.

Yesterday it was reported the famous couple were in contact with “a married African-American college graduate with two children” who would help bring their third child into the world.

But it seems Kim isn’t ready to discuss details yet, as she told E! News she would talk about her much-talked-about “third child” when she was ready.

Kim explained: “[There’s] so many details out there, and like I’ve never heard this, I’ve never heard this.

“Like whatever. We have not confirmed it, and that’s that. I’ll let you know when we’re ready.

“I’ve definitely seen a lot of things, we’ve never confirmed anything.”

Kim made the comments during a night out with her sister Kendall Jenner at the Harper’s BAZAAR event celebrating ICONS By Carine Roitfeld in New York.

Rumours surrounding Kim and Kanye deciding to expand their family have been circulating for months, after the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star said she would use a surrogate.

Earlier this week it was revealed that the couple, who are already parents to North, four, and Saint, one, will be welcoming a baby girl in January.

According to TMZ, the pair decided to have a third baby via surrogacy because of Kim‘s well-documented medical issues during her previous pregnancies.

Another source told People: “The entire family is over the moon.

“Given her health scares in the past, Kim felt the need to hire a surrogacy agency that helped serve as the liaison in finding a healthy woman who would be a great surrogate option for her and Kanye.

“Both of them have been super involved in the process.”

Neither Kim nor Kanye has confirmed the news but it’s not the first time they’ve been at the centre of speculation a third child is on the way.

Reports of a surrogate surfaced in July, with Us Weekly claiming their chosen surrogate was already three months pregnant.

An insider alleged at the time that the woman was approached by the famous couple through “an agency”.

Claims of a surrogate child being on the way come after Kim revealed she suffers from a condition that means she is unable to carry any more children.

In an episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians aired last year, the reality star was warned she could “bleed to death” if she falls pregnant for a third time.

Kim sought her doctor’s advice after admitting she wanted a third pregnant but fearing the same complications she endured in past pregnancies would return.

Doctor Crane warned her against it and said there is a “potential fear” for her after she suffered from toxaemia – toxins in the blood from infection – and had two “very traumatic” labours with North and Saint.

He said: “Here’s what I think, your pregnancies, you had toxaemia, you had a retained placenta, very traumatic, we’re always worried about the next serious complication. I think the potential fear of the whole situation is legitimate.

“You never know that you might not have the same type of problem that might be more serious this time. You’re always taking a little bit of a chance. There are situations where retained placenta could be life and death.”

Her mother Kris, 61, then said: “You could bleed to death”.

What is toxaemia of pregnancy? During Kim’s last two pregnancy she suffered from toxaemia – more commonly known as pre-eclampsia. It is a condition that can affect pregnant women, resulting in high blood pressure and damage to one or more organs, often the kidneys. It is usually diagnosed after 20 weeks of pregnancy and can lead to serious complications for mother and baby. In Kim’s case she was warned that she could ‘bleed to death’ if she got pregnant again following complications the last two times.

Kim confirmed last month that she and Kanye were hopeful of a third child, but kept tight lipped about details or timing.

Speaking to The Hollywood Reporter about the possibility of a third child, she said: “I hope so. There have been a lot of things said and Kanye and I have not confirmed anything. We’re definitely trying. We are hoping so.”

Kim has spoken in the past about exploring surrogacy – and even said she’d asked sisters Kourtney and Khloe if they would be willing to carry her child.

Speaking during an appearance on Watch What Happens Live, she explained: “I have had to go through multiple things to try and do it on my own but I do not think that is looking good for me but I am not giving up.

“So it is a process. You kind of see the whole thing on this next season of our show… of me begging Khloe to help out, but I do not want to do that to her.

“My mom offered, Kourtney offered.”

Kim’s troubles began when she was pregnant with her first child North after doctors discovered she had a high-risk condition called placenta accreta.

The rare condition occurs when the placenta attaches too deep into the uterine wall and is life-threatening because the sufferer can lose an average of three to five litres of blood during delivery.

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220