Drew Barrymore Has a New Boyfriend — Meet David Hutchinson! Nearly one year after she finalized her divorce from Will Kopelman, Drew Barrymore has stepped out with a new boyfriend!

According to Page Six, the 42-year-old actress is dating David Hutchinson, the senior vice president of Maesa Group, the company that makes Drew's Flower Beauty products.

MORE: Drew Barrymore's Divorce Cause — Find out the Real Reason She Split From Will Kopelman!

"They were in Palm Springs, CA for a wedding last weekend," a source close to the couple told the entertainment news outlet on Thursday, June 15. Though Drew has not yet been photographed with her latest beau, she did tag David as the photographer of her most recent Instagram pic, hinting the two may really be an item!

https://www.instagram.com/p/BUFoHcgh7UP/

The businessman is the Santa Clarita Diet star's first rumored boyfriend since she split with her third husband, Will, in April 2016 after four years of marriage. The former couple — who tied the knot in June 2012 — are parents to two daughters, Olive, 4, and Frankie, 3, together.

MORE: Drew Barrymore Flaunts Her 20-Pound Weight Loss on the Red Carpet — See the New Pics!

In a recent interview on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, Drew opened up about her split from Will — and called the painful experience her "worst nightmare." She continued, "I so wanted to raise kids in this ultra-traditional way and do everything so the polar opposite of my experience."

https://www.instagram.com/p/BTcnNYhBYEi/

"And you know, it really is about the tone you set, and you can talk until you're blue in the face, but kids watch what you do every single day of your life, all day long, and that behavior and that example and that love and community and honesty is just, I think, what's making everything feel safe for my kids," Drew added.

MORE: Katie Holmes and Boyfriend Jamie Foxx Ready to Wed After Four Years of Dating

Prior to tying the knot with Will, Drew was hitched to Jeremy Thomas from 1994 to 1995 and to Tom Green from 2001 until 2002.

Check out the gallery to see Drew’s complete dating history!