Beyonce Stylishly Celebrates JAY-Z’s Birthday Following His Infidelity Admission Love in an elevator!

On Monday night, Beyonce and JAY-Z posed in the Angelika Film Center's elevator in New York City, after a private screening of Woody Allen's upcoming movie, Wonder Wheel, which stars JAY-Z's pal, Justin Timberlake and Kate Winslet. The two were celebrating the rapper's 48th birthday.

Beyonce went '90s chic with her crimped curls, purple lipstick and a green-and-black checkered dress that had a hint of floral embellishments at the slit. She paired the style with a blue fur coat, a mesh top with the word "unity" on the sleeve, a burgundy velvet purse, Krewe cat-eye sunglasses and black strappy shoes.

As for JAY-Z, he wore a maroon suit that he paired with a white T-shirt and matching sneakers, along with several big gold chains.

Splash News

The photo op comes years after the "99 Problems" rapper and Solange Knowles made headlines when surveillance footage from a hotel elevator was leaked, which showed Beyonce's younger sister lunging at her brother-in-law just moments after they attended the 2014 Met Gala in New York City.

The couple kept mum about the incident for several years until JAY-Z spoke with Rap Radar hosts Elliott Wilson and Brian “B.Dot” Miller in August about the infamous footage.

"We had one disagreement ever -- before and after we’ve been cool," JAY-Z shared. "She’s like my sister. I will protect her. That’s my sister, not my sister-in-law. My sister. Period."

“I fought my brothers and argued with my brothers my whole life," he added. "It just so happens, who we are, these things go into a different space -- but it ain’t nothing."

More recently, JAY-Z gave a candid interview with The New York Times, where he admitted to being unfaithful to Beyonce in the past and shared that they had originally planned for Lemonade and 4:44 to be a joint album.

"We were using our art almost like a therapy session. And we started making music together. And then the music she was making at that time was further along," he explained. "So, her album came out as opposed to the joint album that we were working on. We still have a lot of that music. And this is what it became. There was never a point where it was like, 'I’m making this album.' I was right there the entire time."

Check out more of JAY-Z's interview with the Times:

RELATED CONTENT: