Gwyneth Paltrow shows off bikini body with fiance Brad Falchuk in Italy Gwyneth Paltrow proved on Sunday that her intense workouts with personal trainer Tracy Anderson continue to pay off as she looked incredible in a small black bikini.

The GOOP founder was toned to perfection as she took a swim and then relaxed on a luxurious yacht owned by Italian fashion designer Valentino off the coast of Capri, Italy.

The Oscar-winning actress, 45, has been on a dream vacation with her TV producer fiance Brad Falchuk, 47, of Glee and Pose fame.

Still a cover girl: Gwyneth Paltrow proved on Sunday that her intense workouts with Tracy Anderson continue to pay off as she looked incredible in a small black bikini in Capri, Italy with fiance Brad Falchuk

Molto bono: The GOOP founder was toned to perfection as she took a swim and then relaxed on a luxurious yacht owned by Italian fashion designer Valentino

Longtime friends: The pair were joined by designer Valentino and fashion president Giancarlo Giammetti

Paltrow did not disappoint as she made the most of a triangle bikini top with very small string bikini briefs.

Her future husband had on black board shorts and looked buff as well making it likely that they work out together.

They were seen going in and out of the water, and the Shakespeare In Love star also proved she's a good diver as she had a nice arch while heading into the blue water.

At one point she laughed and smiled at her beau, who is behind American Crime Story: The Assassination Of Gianni Versace.

Toned, tanned and terrific: Paltrow did not disappoint as she made the most of a triangle bikini top with very small string bikini briefs. Her future husband had on black board shorts and looked buff as well making it likely that they work out together

Being safe: The Sliding Doors actress did not have on her stunning engagement ring from Brad

Extreme luxury: The power couple made sure that stayed fresh by showering off on the back of the famed yacht

The Iron Man actress displayed her natural beauty as she went make-up free for the casual day, with the pair relaxing side by side.

The Spider-Man: Homecoming actress continued her low-key display as she wore her blonde tresses in loose beach waves.

The pair were joined by designer Valentino and fashion president Giancarlo Giammetti, who took to Instagram to share a cosy snap of the group on the watercraft.

Paltrow was seen leaning up for a kiss with one of the greatest fashion designers in Italy; he looked sharp with a sweater over his shoulders and print slacks on.

She has muscles everywhere! Paltrow, whose mother is Blythe Danner, looked sculpted with toned arms, tummy and legs

No body trouble here: And it's very impressive that at age 45 the siren has no flaws, scars or unwanted fat

Paltrow is no stranger to Italy. It's where she filmed 1999's The Talented Mr Ripley with Jude Law, Cate Blanchett and Matt Damon.

Their display comes after a source told New York Post's Page Six column that their nuptials will take place 'at the end of the summer, after Labor Day'.

But fans of Gwyneth - who has daughter Apple, 14, and son Moses, 12, with her former husband Chris Martin - shouldn't expect her to be involved in much of the wedding planning, because she recently admitted she is too busy to get 'involved'.

In an interview with E! News, she said: 'I'm very busy so I'm actually not that involved in it. I have so much going on and I'm sort of outsourcing that.'

The charmed life: The duo often vacation in Mexico but for the month of June they chose Europe

Side by side: They were seen going in and out of the water, and the Shakespeare In Love star also proved she's a good diver as she had a nice arch while heading into the blue water

First Brad then Gwyneth: He went in first as she followed close behind; they swam for what seemed hours

The two shared a laugh while on deck as well

'I'm probably the least bridezilla person probably to a fault that has ever come across my wedding planner's office doors.'

What's more, the Avengers: Infinity War star is yet to decide whether she will share details of her big day on her lifestyle website Goop.

She explained: 'I don't know if I'll share it or not. I think it's always a fine line of having something that is just yours but also being celebratory so we'll see.'

But one thing Gwyneth is sure about is that she and Brad - who has two children, daughter Isabella and son Brody with ex-wife Suzanne Falchuk - don't want to expand their blended family by having more offspring.

She said: 'Neither of us want more kids. We're on the same team. It's always tricky with kids and trying to gently blend families, and it's hard.'

Gwyneth and Brad started dating in 2014 after meeting on the set of Glee, in which she played Holly Holliday.

In an interview on The Howard Stern show last month, Gwyneth revealed that doesn't plan to have a big wedding ceremony, telling the host: 'I think we'll do something very small.'

Enjoying the wonders of Italy: Paltrow, who filmed The Talented Mr Ripley in the country with Matt Damon and Jude Law, seemed at home

She added: 'We had a big engagement party that was the big thing. Jennifer Aniston was there, Kate Hudson was there. There were like 300 normal people and like four famous people. Cameron Diaz was there, she's the best!'

Howard began the conversation about Brad by asking her why she decided to get married again after she was wed to Chris Martin for 13 years.

'I think that I would like to give it a proper shot,' said the Iron Man actress. 'For myself there is something really beautiful about marriage.'

She chose well: Brad Falchuk is a bit like her ex Brad Pitt in that he keeps his body in top shape

They look like they are inseparable: The Great Expectations actress drank water out of a glass bottle

Time for a tan: And then the Shallow Hal star laid down on a grey towel as she got a tan; her beau did the same

Can;t forget the backside! Paltrow then turned to make sure her back and legs got the same color; again, her man followed suit but he took a moment to look out at the water

The mother-of-two then added: 'I think Brad is somebody who is extremely, you know, he's really intelligent and he's really emotionally intelligent and I think he's a really good person to try this with; he's very self aware he has emotional security,' explained the cover girl.

When Howard asked if they have a prenup and told her she needs to get one because she is worth so much more money than Brad she said, 'You think so?'

She then rattled off all the shows Brad has worked on. In addition to Glee there is American Horror Story and the Crime Story shows. His new show is Fox's 9-1-1 and Pose on FX, both of which she plugged nicely for her partner.

And Stern, leaving almost no stone unturned during this interview, asked if they live together, to which responded: 'No.'

Now time to rest with the dogs: Later the two sat with Valentino and his partner as the pooches looked around for snacks

They sure know how to live! Then it was time for a meal that appeared to consist of fruit and vegetables

Beso for my buddy: Paltrow leaned up for a kiss with one of the greatest fashion designers in Italy; he looked sharp with a sweater over his shoulders and print slacks on

All together now: The beauty with Brad, Valentino, Giancarlo, Rosario Nadal and two Pomeranians