Sofia Richie and Scott Disick go on date night... after 'tense' meeting with Kourtney Kardashian She was spotted breaking down in tears at Derby Day on Saturday, just days after she reportedly shared a tense dinner with Kourtney Kardashian.

And Sofia Richie and her boyfriend Scott Disick looked stony-faced as they emerged from a dinner date in Los Angeles on Thursday night.

The 20-year-old model failed to smile as she left the building, raising questions her formal meeting with Scott's ex-girlfriend of nine-years was still firmly on her mind.

Solemn: Sofia Richie and Scott Disick looked stony-faced as they emerged from a dinner date in Los Angeles on Thursday night... just days after their 'tense' dinner with Kourtney Kardashian

Sofia dressed down for the occasion and took inspiration from the sportluxe trend as she sheathed her trim frame in an over-sized jumper and black Adidas joggers.

She teamed the look with black trainers and donned a pair of her signature Matrix-inspired sunglasses.

Wearing her long blonde hair in a sleek straight centre-parting, Sofia opted to showcase her natural beauty with a minimal make-up look.

Emotions running high: Sofia was as spotted breaking down in tears at Derby Day on Saturday, just days after she reportedly shared a tense dinner with Kourtney (pictured)

The 20-year-old model failed to raise a smile as she left the building, raising questions her first formal meeting with Scott's ex-girlfriend of nine-years was still firmly on her mind

Father-of-three Scott was also casually-clad for their date night, donning a charcoal grey hoodie and khaki corduroy trousers.

Their outing comes after the couple made a hasty exit at Derby Day on Saturday.

Dressed in designer threads at Flemington Racecourse, Sofia looked upset during what looked like a tense exchange with the reality star and was spotted wiping away her tears.

Their tense exchange comes after the socialite shared a 'quick' but 'tense' dinner with Kourtney and Scott on Sunday at Nobu in Malibu.

Loved-up: Sofia and Scott have been an item for more than a year, with the model also spending time with his three children

Kourtney and Scott share Mason, eight, Penelope, six, and Reign, three, with the meal reportedly set up by the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star.

Though the trio broke bread together, those who scoped the scene said the meal was less-than-friendly.

'It wasn’t like they are all friends and were hanging out for fun. It looked more like a business dinner,' the insider told People.

According a source close to the situation, the reality star isn't interested in getting 'to know Sofia better,' but rather feels like she needs to spend more time with the 20-year-old model 'because of the kids.'

'Sofia spends time with Kourtney’s kids, so Kourtney wants to make sure they are all on the same page,' the source said.

'Scott and Sofia tend to get into arguments. Kourtney wants to make sure the kids are in a positive environment when they are at Scott’s house. She is setting up rules for how things needs to be when the kids are with Scott.'

After what was described as a 'quick' meal, all three exited in succession.