The billionaire Topshop heiress is reportedly having a baby with the model who went viral for his police mugshot Topshop heiress Chloe Green is reportedly expecting a baby with her boyfriend Jeremy Meeks.

Green's father, Sir Philip Green is the owner of retail giant Arcadia and has a net worth of $5 billion (£3.53 billion), according to Forbes.

34-year-old Meeks is a model, nicknamed 'Hot Felon' after his mugshot went viral.



Topshop heiress Chloe Green is expecting a baby with boyfriend Jeremy Meeks, according to reports.

US Weekly reported the 27-year-old is expecting her first child with the 34-year-old model, nicknamed the 'Hot Felon' after his mugshot went viral.

It comes just days after Meeks was spotted reportedly shopping for engagement rings in Beverly Hills.

Without you my year wouldn’t be complete @jmeeksofficial 31.12.17 #Happynewyear #goodbye2017hello2018 ❤️I Love you xxx #newyear #love #happy A post shared by Chloe green (@chloegreen5) on Dec 31, 2017 at 5:22am PST Dec 31, 2017 at 5:22am PST

Sir Philip Green previously refused to comment on his daughter's new love interest, telling The Telegraph: "With respect, I am not getting involved in it."

However, her parents have now reportedly given the relationship their backing.

A source told DailyMail.com: "Her parents have recently done an unexpected U-turn on Jeremy, and are now embracing him as one of the Greens.

A post shared by Chloe green (@chloegreen5) Aug 7, 2017 at 9:52am PDT

"They are resigned to the fact he'll be a part of their lives forever."

Meeks earned himself the nickname "hot felon" after his police mugshot went viral following his arrest for gun possession, leaving people 'swooning' over his looks.

Meeks' police mugshot went viral in 2015. Facebook

He landed a modelling contract with White Cross Management on his release from prison in 2016.

The couple is believed to have met at the Cannes Film Festival last May, and were first photographed on a boat in Turkey two months later.

Meeks' wife Melissa said she was left in shock after seeing the couple kissing and hugging during the summer.

But nine days after reports of the romance surfaced Jeremy filed for divorce from her.