Megan Fox is radiant as she attends a Disney On Ice event in LA Megan Fox has three kids with Beverly Hills, 90210 vet Brian Austin Green.

But on Friday the 32-year-old Transformers star was photographed alone as she attended the Disney on Ice Presents Dare to Dream Celebrity Skating Party event in Los Angeles.

The movie icon looked radiant with her makeup nicely done and a fresh tan as she modeled a sweatshirt and leggings.

Solo: Megan Fox has three kids with Beverly Hills, 90210 vet Brian Austin Green. But on Friday the 32-year-old Transformers star was photographed alone as she attended the Disney on Ice Presents Dare to Dream Celebrity Skating Party event in Los Angeles

New gig: She is now starring on the Travel Channel's show Legends Of The Lost

Also there was Girls Next Door star Kendra Wilkinson, who has a mini me daughter.

The two looked very alike as they posed at the fun winter event.

This comes after the Playboy model says it's not easy experiencing her first Christmas without husband Hank Baskett, she told UsWeekly.

Two cute: Kendra Wilkinson has a mini me daughter. The two looked very alike as they posed away on the ice

Beautiful family! Wilkinson, 33, was a happy mom as she stepped out with son Hank Baskett IV, nine, and Alijah, four

Wilkinson and Baskett, 36, share son Hank Baskett IV, 9, and daughter Alijah, 4.

'It’s definitely going to be a new year for us, new holiday for us, as a separated family,' said the 33-year-old star. 'It’s all still up in the air. I’m taking it as it comes. It’s not something that comes easy, so you have to work it out.'

She added, 'But along the way, you have to find all the joy you can, especially during the holidays. Give the kids everything they want and ask for.'

Single: 'It’s definitely going to be a new year for us, new holiday for us, as a separated family,' said the 33-year-old star. 'It’s all still up in the air. I’m taking it as it comes. It’s not something that comes easy, so you have to work it out'

Also there was Chrissy Teigen and John Legend with their kids.

Chrissy, 33. was styled in a black top tucked into a set of jeans.

The mother-of-two kept trendy in a matching duster and turban. John, 39, looked shapr in a striped shirt and military-inspired jacket.

Little Luna, two, was beautifully dressed as Cinderella.

Ready for fun: The Kendra on Top star kept comfortable in a hooded, beige sweater and distressed jeans

Time together: Chrissy Teigen, 33, enjoyed a family day out with husband John Legend, 39, and their daughter, Luna, two

Out for a good time: The family event was attended by a wide range of celebrities, including Jenna Dewan, 38

Easy on the ice: The professional dancer looked right at home in the rink, clad in an animal print top, leather jacket and black skinny jeans

Malin Akerman, 40, caught up with the star at one point in the night

Happy family: Ashlee Simpson, 34, and Evan Rossm 30, enjoyed a date night with their daughter, Jagger Snow

The family event was attended by a wide range of celebrities.

Jenna Dewan looked right at home in the rink, clad in an animal print top, leather jacket and black skinny jeans.

Malin Akerman caught up with the star at one point in the night. The blonde beauty wore an LA-inspired, ensemble, consisting of a bell sleeve sweater, grey skinny jeans, tough boots and a beanie.

Ashlee Simpson and Evan Ross enjoyed a date night with their daughter, Jagger Snow.

Style star: Malin wore an LA-inspired, ensemble, consisting of a bell sleeve sweater, grey skinny jeans, tough boots and a beanie

Hanging with Mickey and Donald! The beauty was joined by husband Jack Donnelly and son Sebastian Zincone, five

Hanging out: Malin caught up with Stephen Amell, 37, and his daughter, Maverick, five

Dudes on duty: Stephen joined writer Andrew Harding at the ice skating extravaganza

Leaving the fun to them! Haylie Duff, 33, left the ice skates to boyfriend Matt Rosenberg and their daughter, Ryan, three

Pals: Ty Burrell, 51, stopped for a snap with Viola Davis, 53

Malin caught up with Stephen Amell and his daughter, Maverick.

Haylie Duff left the ice skates to boyfriend Matt Rosenberg and their daughter, Ryan.

Vanessa Lachey brought along son Camden and Brooklyn to the fun-filled night, which was also enjoyed by Kendra Wilkinson, son Hank Baskett IV and Alijah.

Ty Burrell and Viola Davis also attended.