Roseanne: ABC has revived sitcom for season 2 Your support helps us to tell the story Read more Support Now From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging. At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story. The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it. Your support makes all the difference. Read more

Roseanne will be returning to ABC for a second season after the first season of the reboot was a spectacular success.

The second season of Roseanne is set to feature cast-members Roseanne Barr, John Goodman, Laurie Metcalf, Sara Gilbert, Alicia Goranson and Michael Fishman once again.

Additional cameos will be made by past cast-members every so often.

There is no word on whether or not the season will air by fall, but according to The Hollywood Reporter, the season order has reportedly been increased from nine episodes to 13.

The reboot of the hit sitcom premiered to stellar ratings with its March 27 premiere - becoming the highest-rated scripted broadcast of the season and also the highest-rated sitcom in over three years.

The Roseanne revival took in 18.1m viewers in its first night back, and three days of additional viewing has made that number reach 21.9m.

"We’re thrilled that America has welcomed the Conner family back into their homes," said ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey. "The show is as fresh and relevant today as it was when it left the air 21 years ago. We can’t wait to see what the Roseanne team has in store for next year."

Showrunner Bruce Helford originally told the publication he'd love to shoot more episodes: "Everybody has things that they’re doing, so it might be hard to get 22 episodes in. But I would love to do another 10 or 12 on a yearly basis."

The reboot of Roseanne sees its titular character and her husband Dan Conner (John Goodman) older and struggling with health problems and focuses on the struggles of their children: D.J. (Fishman) is parenting his black daughter alone while his wife is serving overseas, Darlene (Gilbert) lost her job and had to move home with her parents, bringing her two kids with her and Becky (Goranson) is contemplating becoming a surrogate to combat her debt.

Watch Apple TV+ free for 7 day New subscribers only. £9.99/mo. after free trial. Plan auto-renews until cancelled. Try for free ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.

Watch Apple TV+ free for 7 day New subscribers only. £9.99/mo. after free trial. Plan auto-renews until cancelled. Try for free ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.

Roseanne also tackles the political divide that President Trump's election created between Roseanne and her sister Jackie (Metcalf), as well as the topic of gender-fluidity with Darlene's child.

The show is executive-produced by writer Whitney Cummings, actresses Gilbert and Barr, Tom Werner and Helford.

Roseanne airs on Tuesdays at 8pm on ABC.