People Are Still Asking Maggie Gyllenhaal If She Has Taylor Swift's Scarf From 'All Too Well' Seven years ago the old Taylor Swift was still alive and well, sipping maple lattes with Jake Gyllenhaal and enjoying brisk fall walks. And while the Taylor-Jake chapter of the pop star's storied dating history was short-lived, it managed to spur one of Hollywood's greatest mysteries: Where in the world is the scarf Taylor sings fondly of in the song "All Too Well"? (Which is rumored to be about her time with Gyllenhaal.)

Maggie Gyllenhaal, for one, does not know and would very much like to be excluded from this narrative, one she never asked to be a part of.

But before we get into that, a quick recap: In 2012 Swift released "All Too Well" from her Red album; in it, Taylor laments not only the lost love of an autumn romance—allegedly Jake ("The autumn leaves falling down like pieces into place / And I can picture it after all these days.")—but, even more so, the loss of a scarf. "Left my scarf there at your sister's house / And you still got it in your drawer even now," Taylor sings. The sister in question is of course A-list actress Maggie, who has apparently been accused for the better half of a decade of keeping Tay's beloved fall accessory.

So last night, on Watch What Happens Live, Maggie settled the issue once and for all. "I never understood why everybody asked me about this scarf. What is this?" she said. "I am in the dark about this scarf. It's totally possible [it's at my house]. I don't know. I have been asked this before, and I am like 'What are you talking about?'"

If you take closer look at the lyrics of "All Too Well," it's not surprising that Maggie's in the dark about this scarf. When Taylor sings, "And you still got it in your drawer even now," she clearly means Jake has it in his drawer. Later in the song, she reveals that Jake knowingly has taken custody of the article of clothing, because, love:

Now you mail back my things and I walk home alone But you keep my old scarf from that very first week / 'Cause it reminds you of innocence and it smells like me / You can't get rid of it, 'cause you remember it all too well, yeah

So that's that. Jake is the true culprit here, letting his big sis take the rap for years for being, at worst, a thief and, at best, a bad host. And considering Jake has been extraordinarily tight-lipped about his time with the singer, Hollywood will never know what became of that scarf.

Or perhaps Jake sent it back and the new Taylor buried it in that grave, along with all her other bad memories. …

Related: Some Sleuths Think Taylor Swift's Guitars in Her New Ad Might Be a Clue to 'Reputation'