Bindi Irwin Shares Emotional Video of Late Steve Irwin, Proving Just How Proud He’d Be of His Kids Somebody grab the tissues!

Eleven years after the death of Steve Irwin, his legacy lives on through his children, Bindi, 19, and Robert, 14. During Sunday’s Super Bowl, a moving clip aired for the Irwin family’s new Animal Planet series, which featured Steve reflecting on his passion for wildlife conservation and his family’s involvement.

His daughter Bindi shared the truly moving video of her late father to Twitter.

“My first time watching this footage was only a few days ago,” she wrote. “I don’t think I’ll ever be able to describe the amount of emotion in my heart once the video ended. My dad. My superhero. I promise to do my best to make you proud and ensure your legacy lives on forever.”

The video features a visibly emotional Steve talking about his children, saying, “Is there anything in this world that would want to make me give away what I’m doing now? Yes, there is. When my children can take the football that I call wildlife conservation and run it up. When they’re ready to run up our mission, I’ll gladly step aside, and I guarantee you it will be the proudest moment of my life.”

Choking back tears, Steve continued, “Then and only then will I know that I have achieved my ultimate goal, to be able to stand aside and let them run up my mission.”

Fellow Aussie, Russell Crowe, also tweeted the footage, writing, “Ah, talk about a Super Bowl day moment… what a top bloke… tough as nails, heart on his sleeve, never a wasted breath, full of love and man could he make me laugh.”

Bindi, who was only eight years old when her father died, and her younger brother, Robert, have indeed continued their father’s work in wildlife conservation. They work with all kinds of animals at the Australia Zoo alongside their mother, Terri Irwin.

Bindi previously opened up on the Today show about how she honors the Crocodile Hunter star's memory, saying, “We do want to carry on in dad’s footsteps, and make sure everything he worked so hard for continues on.”

The family’s series will premiere on the Animal Planet in the fall 2018. Steve’s show, The Crocodile Hunter, aired on the Animal Planet from 1996 to 2007.

For more from the Irwins, watch the clip below!

RELATED CONTENT: