Inside Drake's $29m Malibu rental mansion Drake rented out a $29 million mansion in Malibu where his girlfriend Rihanna reportedly spent time during his tour's West Coast swing.

The 29-year-old Canadian singer stayed in a six-bedroom Tuscan-style villa overlooking Zuma Beach, according to an article on Wednesday by TMZ.

The private home features 10 bathrooms, chef's kitchen, theater and wine cellar.

Malibu mansion: Drake rented out a $29 million mansion in Malibu, California where Rihanna spent time during his West Coast tour swing

Drizzy set up base at the 11,000 square foot mansion as his Summer Sixteen Tour last week brought three shows to the Staples Center in Los Angeles.

The stunning home also featured a gorgeous long pool and was going for about $7,000 a night as a vacation rental.

The Summer Sixteen Tour is being co-headlined by rapper Future and started in Austin, Texas on July 20.

It is scheduled to conclude in New Jersey on October 16.

Famous couple: Rihann and Drake are shown last month at the MTV Video Music Awards where he presented her with the Video Vanguard Award

Big bedroom: The Malibu mansion included a huge bedroom with sweeping ocean views

Natural light: The 11,000 square foot mansion included plenty of natural light

White walls: The white walled mansion had plenty of space for Drake and his guests

Rihanna, 28, made a surprise appearance on Saturday as Drake performed at Staples Center.

She sashayed around him in an airy white mini-dress and hugged him from behind.

'Oh you're so lovely,' Drake gushed to her.

Stylish rental: The stylish rental was going for about $7,000 a night

Ocean views: The property had panoramic views of the Pacific Ocean

Cool pool: A narrow pool stretched out from a back deck

Pool deck: The long pool was in the center of a deck with lounge chairs

He then turned to the crowd in the sold-out downtown arena and said: 'LA, LA, I pray, I pray that you find somebody that holds you down like this woman right here.

'You gotta make some noise now for coming out and representing,' he added.

Rihanna and Drake confirmed their long-suspected romance last month with a kiss at the MTV Video Music Awards.

Summer tour: Drake is shown performing on Sunday in Las Vegas as part of his Summer Sixteen Tour