Teen Mom OG's Tyler Baltierra reveals struggles to therapist as Catelynn Lowell heads to rehab He has been caring for their three-year-old daughter Novalee as his wife Catelynn Lowell tackles her issues in rehab.

But in the season premiere episode of Teen Mom OG, Tyler Baltierra revealed he had been exhausted 'emotionally' since Catelynn left for treatment.

The reality star opened up to his therapist about his challenges, revealing he was resentful over the way she left for rehab.

'I just sigh a lot': Tyler Baltierra revealed he had been exhausted 'emotionally' since Catelynn Lowell left for an Arizona facility to treat depression and anxiety

Catelynn had entered an Arizona facility that treats people with anxiety and depression during the time of the session.

Tyler revealed his daily phone calls to Catelynn had not been easy.

'How do you feel when you talk to her?' his therapist asked.

'I just sigh a lot,' Tyler said. 'Unfortunately, that's the truth. I don't know if that's resentment building.'

Therapy: The reality star opened up to his therapist about his challenges, revealing he was resentful over the way she left for treatment

'There was no consideration': Baltierra expressed his brewing resentment towards his wife

Tough: The star buried his face into a tissue during his therapy session

'Because you've stepped in and you felt as her husband, you would want to come in and pick up the pieces?' she asked.

'I also felt as a husband we should discuss this as a family, before you just packed your bags and went,' he said. 'There was no consideration, I guess. I mean that's just how it is. Catelynn wants a pig, she gets a pig. Catelynn wants a horse, she'll buy the horse.'

'I think I'm constantly in this care taking position, all the time,' he revealed.

'And that's why you're tired?' she asked.

'Because you've stepped in': The therapist helped walk Tyler through the difficult emotions

'I feel I'm constantly in this care taking position': Baltierra opened up about his inner struggles

Hard: Tyler admitted he was 'exhausted, emotionally'

'I'm exhausted, emotionally,' he said.

'What I'm kind of gleaming from what you're saying is, "what about me?" You were being there for everybody else, sounds like almost at your own emotional expense at times. Is that possible?' she asked.

'Oh it's very,' he said.

Catelynn, who entered rehab for people with depression and anxiety, married Tyler in 2015.

The couple recently revealed they are expecting their third child together.

Catelynn and Tyler already have Novalee, three, and nine-year-old Carly, who is now with her adoptive parents.