Bush tribute erupts into shouting match between Meghan McCain and Joy Behar on 'The View' Updated Dec. 4, 2018, 2:53 p.m. ET

A tribute to former President George H.W. Bush, who died Friday, turned fiery on "The View" Monday.

About three minutes into the segment, longtime co-host Joy Behar brought up Bush's concern for the environment.

"As a candidate he said, 'Those who think we're powerless to do anything about the greenhouse effect are forgetting about the White House effect,' " Behar said, quoting Bush's 1988 speech. "And then he signed into law the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990, one of the most sweeping environment statutes ever."

Behar then seized the opportunity to rag on the nation's current leader, President Donald Trump.

"This president that we have now is trying to unravel everything that he did and Obama did," she asserted. "And if I ever become a one-issue voter, it will be about pollution and the greenhouse effect..."

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

Meghan McCain cut her co-host off asking: "Can we focus on the president, please? I don't want to talk about Trump when we're in the moment of – we're honoring a great president."

"Excuse me, a second please," Behar interjected. "I want to talk about the differences."

"But I'm not interested in your one-issue voter when a president just passed," McCain fired back.

"I don't care what you're interested in. I'm talking," Behar declared.

"Well, I don't care what you're interested in either, Joy" McCain said, raising her voice.

In what appeared to be an attempt to cut off the tense moment, co-host Whoopi Goldberg quickly threw it to a commercial. "We'll be right back," the comedian said.

Like many celebrities, McCain remembered Bush on social media, after his death Friday at age 94.

"I am incredibly saddened by the passing of President George H Bush," she tweeted on Saturday. "A member of the greatest generation and a real hero in his right. A true friend to the entire McCain family. We are all sending so much love, strength and prayers to the entire Bush family - God bless you all."

"The View" airs at 11 a.m. ET on ABC. Review the show's history of co-hosts in the gallery below.