Macaulay Culkin reveals why he can't watch 'Home Alone' anymore Sorry, this video isn't available any more.

Macaulay Culkin may be the star of the childhood classic, Home Alone, but don’t ask to watch it with him because he simply won’t.

The former child actor revealed that he can’t watch the iconic movie quite the same as everyone else, and is ‘flattered’ and ‘creeped-out’ when people ask to watch it with him.

Speaking on The Ellen Show, the actor confessed: ‘It’s background radiation at Christmas time. I’ve had people who want to watch it with me, which is both flattering and creepy.

Don’t ask to watch Home Alone with Macaulay, it’s too ‘creepy’ (Picture: Michael Rozman/Warner Bros.)

‘When I’m watching it I’m remembering that day on the set, like how I was hiding my Pepsi behind the couch,’ he explained, ‘I can’t watch it the same way other people do.’

The former child star first rose to fame after his award-winning performance in Home Alone back in 1990.

The now 37-year-old actor then went on to star in the film’s sequel – Home Alone 2: Lost in New York – which has become such a festive TV favourite that Macaulay can’t bear to go outside because of it.

It’s Macaulay season! (Picture: Twentieth Century Fox)

He continued: ‘I definitely don’t [go out of the house at Christmas and Thanksgiving.] It’s my season. It’s Macaulay season. I try to go out less and less around that time of year.’

Despite looking as youthful as his on-screen character Kevin McCallister, the Hollywood entertainer strictly refuses to pull the classic shocked face with his hands on his cheeks, reminiscent of his role in the comedy flick.

The child actor still gets asked to pull this face (Picture: Twentieth Century Fox)

He said: ‘I’m like, “No, been there done that already. I’m 37 now, OK”.’

The appearance marked a rarity for the actor, as the star confessed he’s somewhat of a ‘ground hog’ when it comes to show business.

Explaining his hiatus from the movie business, he said: ‘I was tired of it. I did like 14 movies in six years. It’s a lot. I was away from home a lot, I was away from school. I needed to grow and develop as a person. I was actually looking forward to going to school. I lived the dream.

‘It was great to be around people my own age for once. I’m always treated differently. At the same time that’s the kind of stuff you have to figure out.

‘It was the smartest thing I possibly could’ve done, taking eight years off.’

Macaulay Culkin’s full interview on The Ellen Show is due to air on Monday 23 April.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

Arrow MORE: Macaulay Culkin’s brother Rory had WWE’s Paul Heyman officiate his wedding