Millie Bobby Brown is young Natalie Portman's doppelganger If you were left thinking, 'I've seen that face before' when Netflix hit Stranger Things first catapulted teen star Millie Bobby Brown to stardom - you weren't alone.

In fact, the now-13-year-old's near-identical resemblance to a fellow on-screen starlet is now the source of much hype on social media, with thousands of people taking to Twitter and Instagram to highlight the uncanny similarities between Millie and 36-year-old actress Natalie Portman.

And it's not just the simple similarities in terms of facial features like their noses, mouths, and dimples, that has people talking; interestingly both women have had shaved heads for previous roles, and both have modeled similar red carpet looks - making the resemblance between them all the more remarkable.

Twins: Millie Bobby Brown is a doppelganger of Natalie Portman and the similarities are shocking, like this photo of Millie in Stranger Things (left) and Natalie in V for Vendetta (right)

Crazy: Millie, 13, (left) at Netflix's Stranger Things Season 2 premiere on October 26, 2017 and Natalie, 36, (right) at the Flirting With Disaster premiere on March 21, 1996

‹ Slide me › Spot the difference: Everything from the shape of the actress's faces to the way that they have been styled for previous roles are similar. Millie is pictured left, and Natalie right

While this is by no means the first time two celebrities have been compared in terms of their similar looks, this is arguably the most impressive, with a series of side-by-side images revealing just how alike Millie and Natalie are.

In particular, pictures of the two with shaved heads - Millie for her ongoing role as Eleven in Stranger Things, and Natalie for her part in 2006 thriller V for Vendetta - have social media users convinced that the duo must be related in one way or another.

Although Natalie did not shave her head to play Evey Hammond until she was 25, while Millie has been modeling the style on and off since she began filming for Netflix at age 12, the pair almost indistinguishable - despite the 13-year age gap between them.

Many of the comparative images being shared on social media have actually left some users unable to tell which actress is which, while others have been prompted to demand 'answers' about how their similarities have only just come to light.

'Are Natalie Portman and Millie Bobby Brown related? I need answers!' one person wrote on Twitter, while share a series of lookalike images of the two.

Bald: The similarities between Millie (left) and Natalie are all the more obvious to see when images of them both with shaved heads are placed side by side

Hair: Millie attended the 75th Annual Golden Globes on January 7, 2018 and had the same exact slicked back hairstyle that Natalie rocked on a red carpet in January 1990

Scary: Both girls had to shave their heads for roles, as Millie plays Eleven in Stranger Things and Natalie played Evey Hammond in V for Vendetta in 2006

Shocking: One Twitter user shared a photo she edited where she morphed both Millie and Natalie's faces together and you cannot even tell who is who

'Well, clearly Millie needs to play Natalie's daughter at some point. Make it happen, Hollywood,' another person pointed out, noting that someone may as well capitalize on the incredible physical similarities between two such talented stars.

Another person chimed in that the process of being compared to another Hollywood star has landed Millie a spot among a group of incredibly successful actresses.

'Millie can join the pack of Winona Ryder, Natalie Portman, and Kiera Knightley of looking the exact same,' the Twitter user wrote.

Others were convinced that there was something a bit more sinister at play - perhaps those who are fans of Millie's sci-fi series which focuses on such eerie goings on.,

'I need a conspiracy video on this,' one person joked, while another insisted: 'She's actually a Natalie Portman clone created to grace us with more Natalie Portman.'

Identical: In another comparison tweet, someone pointed out how much Millie looks like the character Natalie played in Beautiful Girls back in 1996

Can you tell the difference? Not only are their eyes and noses the same, they both have the same exact mouth and dimples

Happy: Millie has tried similar hairstyles to Natalie, like these slicked back buns on the Tonight Show on October 31, 2017 and Natalie’s at an award show on November, 14 2003