Malika confronts Khloe on fear of becoming 'secondary' It is a problem as old as love itself.

Khloe Kardashian, 33, is living with her baby-daddy Tristan Thompson, and her pal Malika Haqq is afraid of becoming 'secondary.'

In a teaser for the new Valentine's Week episode of E!'s Keeping Up With The Kardashians, Malika, 34, groused: 'We don't spend a lot of Malika and Khloe time. We spend a lot of Malika, Khloe and the guys time.'

Scroll down for video

Stormy weather: Khloe Kardashian is living with Tristan Thompson, and her pal Malika Haqq is afraid of becoming 'secondary,' as seen in a new Keeping Up With The Kardashians preview

Khloe, a Los Angeles native who relocated to Ohio to move in with her Cleveland Cavalier boyfriend, said: 'I do love the boys. I do have a great relationship with them. But I don't - it's not our relationship and I don't - '

'It's not,' countered Malika, 'but I think sometimes the people that you spend the majority of time with become priority because they're right in front of you.'

'And I just don't wanna feel like I - I don't wanna come secondary. If I wanna talk to you, I don't maybe don't wanna talk to you in front of all the guys. Or - you know what I'm saying? And it is a bit of a strain,' Malika confessed.

'I don't wanna blame you because you moved. That's so childish. But I think it's hard - like you and I, we went from seeing each other how many days a week to, like, seeing each other every other month. I wanna be around you and spend time with you, but like - '

Festive: Khloe, a Los Angeles native, has relocated to Ohio to move in with her Cleveland Cavalier boyfriend; they are pictured together celebrating Valentine's Day

Keeping close: The confrontation between the pals reached an emotional peak when Malika found herself in tears and Khloe crawled across the sofa to give her a hug

'But why don't you just say that?' said Khloe. Malika began to tear up.

'Don't cry. You don't have to cry. You always cry,' said Khloe gently, crawling across the sofa to give her friend a hug. 'I love you.'

Khloe said in her confessional: 'Regardless if I agree with everything she's saying, her feelings are her feelings and I'm never gonna invalidate them. So if Malika feels like I'm not good at giving her that individual one-on-one time, I have to be more aware of that and I need to make a better effort.'

The teaser cut back to a living room in Khloe and Tristan's Ohio home, where Malika and Khloe were having their conversation.

Airing it out: Malika, 34, groused: 'We don't spend a lot of Malika and Khloe time,' but that 'We spend a lot of Malika, Khloe and the guy time'

'I do try to communicate with you when I'm there,' Khloe told Malika after they broke away from their hug. 'I will try harder.'

'Well, just call me,' said Malika, still wiping tears away, 'and talk to me and tell me you stubbed your toe. Tell me you tripped down the stairs 'cause you're clumsy. Just talk to me.'

Back in her confessional, Khloe said: 'You know what? Life does get in the way, and I don't think that's a bad thing. I think we all have to be secure with our role in each other's lives and just be okay with that.'

Keeping Up With The Kardashians airs Sundays at 9pm on E! Stream Mondays on hayu