Heidi Montag talks about her figure and diet since giving birth Heidi Montag has opened up about how pregnancy has helped her make peace with her body, following the birth of her son Gunner on October 1.

Although she thought she would only gain 20 to 30 pounds while expecting her firstborn, the former The Hills star revealed she gained over 45 pounds in the end.

However, the 31-year-old told speaking to US Weekly she 'wasn't really concerned about getting in shape right away' and 'wanted to give it time'.

Postpartum: Heidi Montag, 31, has opened up about how pregnancy has helped her make peace with her body, following the birth of her son Gunner on October 1

New addition: The new mom, pictured with husband Spencer Pratt, 34, and baby Gunner, revealed she gained 45 pounds while pregnant despite only expecting to gain 20 to 30 pounds

Process: 'Having a baby has made me really appreciate my body, not just how it looks. It's just amazing, the human body,' Heidi (pictured while pregnant) said

'I just had a baby, I'm very emotional,' she added.

Heidi also explained that she is now eating healthier than ever because she wants to give baby Gunner all the nutrients he needs while breastfeeding.

'Having a baby has made me really appreciate my body, not just how it looks. It's just amazing, the human body,' she added.

The mother now estimates that she weighs around 107 pounds but isn't fixated on calorie counting, instead preferring to eat balanced meals.

'I just eat whatever I want here and there. I try to make sure I get enough food instead of limiting food,' she said.

Heidi makes sure every meal contains protein, some carbs and vegetables, and said that she eats 'pretty much the same thing every day'.

She credited husband Spencer Pratt for cooking for her since Gunner's arrival, calling him a 'miraculous chef'.

Master chef: Heidi makes sure she eats balanced meals every day and credits Spencer's cooking skills with helping her get back in shape. She is pictured while pregnant

Meaning: The star shared that her favorite body part is now her stomach because it's more 'meaningful' now she has given birth

Figure: Heidi said she's proud of her 'mom bod' and loves showing off her 'tiger stripes'

Heidi's favorite body part is now her stomach, which has become 'more meaningful' to her since she had a baby.

'It's fun to show off my mom bod, the tiger stripes,' she added.

This new attitude in in sharp contrast to the mindset that made Heidi famous. The reality star underwent 10 plastic surgery procedures in one day in 2010.

The procedures consisted of a mini brow lift, Botox injections, a nose job revision, fat injections, a chin reduction, a neck liposuction, a procedure to pin her ears back, a breast augmentation revision, more liposuction on her waist, hips, as well as outer and inner thighs, and a buttock augmentation.

However, Heidi has since removed her F-cup breast implants and is no longer tempted to go under the knife in the immediate future.

'I want to breastfeed and have my breasts for that. Maybe I would get my boobs done after all the kids we have,' she said. 'But I might just be over that phase of my life.'