Malika Haqq explains why she split from Ronnie Ortiz-Magro Malika Haqq split from Jersey Shore vet Ronnie Ortiz-Magro in February after dating for two months.

And at a recent press event for her new show, Famously Single, the best friend of Khloe Kardashian told People that the reality TV star was 'aggressive.'

'Ronnie and I are really, truly opposites,' Haqq, 34, said. 'His love language is very aggressive. It’s verbally aggressive, it’s physically aggressive. It’s just the way he expresses himself.'

Done: Malika Haqq split from Jersey Shore vet Ronnie Ortiz-Magro in February after dating for two months. And at a press event for her new show, Famously Single, the best friend of Khloe Kardashian told People that the reality TV star was 'aggressive'

Her take: 'We show our love language in two very different ways, so the way we were trying to communicate with each other was often misconstrued because we don’t speak the same language'

They have moved on: Malika on the left on Thursday and Ronnie on the right in March

She also said she was into love.

'My love language is communication,' said the Dash Dolls vet. 'I’m a big communicator and I’m affectionate.

'We show our love language in two very different ways, so the way we were trying to communicate with each other was often misconstrued because we don’t speak the same language.'

Her side: She also said she was into love. 'My love language is communication,' said the Dash Dolls vet. 'I’m a big communicator and I’m affectionate'

On the show: Ronnie having a heated talk with his co-star on Famously Single

Haqq added: 'Life is not perfect. Other human beings need room for air and you also need to give yourself room for that.

'That was something that I was working on. I went into this situation as open-hearted as I could be.'

They split in February after meeting on Famously Single.

'The couple did not have the commonality it takes for a lasting relationship,' a source close to Malika shared with E! News at the time of the split.

Her pal: Malika with Khloe Kardashian and her twin sister Khadijah Haqq in 2016

'Malika ended it after only two months.'

In December they gushed about each other.

'We had a lot in common from the start and it was an instant friendship. The attraction quickly became a mutual romance,' they said.

'Our support for one another through this challenging experience made us strong in a very short period of time. We had an opportunity to really get to know each other living in such close quarter.'