Jason Momoa and Lisa Bonet Attend First Red Carpet After Wedding Date night! Newlyweds Jason Momoa and Lisa Bonet attended their first red carpet together on Monday, November 13, since Us Weekly exclusively revealed that they got married.

Related: Secret Celebrity Weddings From Ryan Reynolds surprise "I do" to Blake Lively to Beyonce's hush-hush ceremony to Jay Z, take a look back in photos at stars who married in secret

Bonet, 49, supported the Game of Thrones alum, 38, during the premiere of his new film, Justice League, in Hollywood. Momoa held Bonet’s left hand on the red carpet and was spotted sweetly caressing her wedding ring. “We’ve kind of been married, it’s just that we had a really great celebration, been around the world working and finally had the time to get together and bring all the tribes together,” he told Extra at the event. “So it was really just a celebration of our love, the twelve years.”

Momoa was joined by many of his costars at The Dolby Theater, including Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Gal Gadot, Amber Heard, Ezra Miller and Ray Fisher.

Related: Simple Celebrity Weddings While some celebrities choose to spend millions on their over-the-top weddings, others keep it no-fuss, hosting far more casual affairs -- see a selection of simple celebrity weddings from the likes of Kelly Ripa, Jessica Alba, and Kelly Clarkson.

Earlier this month, Us exclusively revealed that Momoa and Bonet secretly tied the knot in October, despite it being widely believed for years that they already were husband and wife.

“Jason Momoa and Lisa Bonet had an official wedding a few weeks ago at their house in Topanga, California,” an insider told Us. “Apparently they weren’t officially married until then! They said they ‘made it official.'” A second source confirmed that they purchased a marriage license from the Los Angeles County Registrar-Recorder/County Clerk’s office on October 2.

Related: Celebrity Bridesmaids Cue the chiffon! Even celebs lend their help to pals and siblings when it comes to their big day. Take a look at these A-listers who served as bridesmaids in the past, including the Kardashian-Jenner sisters, Taylor Swift, Sofia Vergara, Jessica Simpson, Eva Longoria and many more.

The couple began dating in 2005 and are parents of Lola, 10, and Nakoa-Wolf, 8. Bonet is also mom of Zoë Kravitz, whom she shares with ex-husband Lenny Kravitz.

Momoa confirmed the nuptials after Us broke the news. “Some a–hole leaked it and I will find you,” he joked to Entertainment Tonight.