Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have fun in behind the scenes snaps from Versace show She was one of many stars who attended the super glitzy Versace pre-fall runway show in New York earlier this month.

And proving just how much fun she had Kim Kardashian shared a collection of behind the scenes photos from the evening on Monday.

The 38-year-old reality star, dressed in a sparkly pink mini dress appeared to get up to mischief with her husband Kanye West, 41.

Giddy: Kim Kardashian has shared a collection of photos from the behind the scenes at the Versace Pre Fall 19 Fashion Show on December 3

The duo looked like giggling teenagers as they ran down a hallway holding hands in one of the images.

In another the mother-of-three poked her tongue out as she flashed a cheeky look over her shoulder at the camera.

Kim dazzled in a sparkling pink mini dress which showed off her cleavage and some Yeezy PVC heels.

Kim and Kanye were also pictured with 2 Chainz and wife Kesha Ward as well as LaLa Anthony as they all hung out in a hotel room before the fashion show.

Cheeky: The 38-year-old reality star showed off her curves in a sparkling pink mini dress

Flawless: Kim's glam team worked hard to create her look for the star-studded show

Meanwhile Kim has revealed she thinks that husband Kanye can't be 'suppressed'.

The reality star - who has kids North, five, Saint, three, and ten-month-old Chicago with Kanye - opened up to the Keeping Up with the Kardashians cameras about Kanye's emotion-filled rants in light of his controversial remarks to TMZ earlier this year.

Speaking after Kanye's much-discussed interview, in which he described slavery as a 'choice', Kim explained: 'When he gets ramped up, he can't control what he says - he can't let it go.

Sitting pretty: Kim sat in-between 2 Chainz' wife Kesha Ward and pal Lala Anthony

'He loves being ramped up. He's like, "I feel powerful when I'm ramped up. I don't want to be so suppressed. Yeah, I say crazy s**t, but I've always said crazy s**t. That's why I'm Kanye."'

Kim also tried to, inaccurately, clarify Kanye's slavery remarks, insisting he'd been misunderstood.

She said: 'He didn't say slavery is a choice, he was saying, "If you're going to still be enslaved for another 400 years, then that's some bulls**t."'

The reality star showed off her long legs in some PVC $50 Yeezy heels

However, that is not correct, as in the interview with TMZ, Kanye said: 'When you hear about slavery for 400 years ... for 400 years? That sounds like a choice.'

However, the Famous hitmaker - whose remarks prompted widespread outrage within the hip-hop community - subsequently took to Twitter in an attempt to clarify what he'd meant.

He wrote on the micro-blogging platform: 'To make myself clear. Of course I know that slaves did not get shackled and put on a boat by free will.

'My point is for us to have stayed in that position even though the numbers were on our side means that we were mentally enslaved. (sic)'

Just chilling: The duo hung out in their hotel room with pal 2 Chainz