‘Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt’ Plots End After 4 Seasons With Movie Series Finale EXCLUSIVE: Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, whose fourth season premieres May 30, will be ending its run on Netflix, I have learned. I hear that the Internet network and Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt producer Universal Television are in talks for a movie that would bring the praised series to an end.

Primetime-Panic Your Complete Guide to Pilots and Straight-to-Series orders See All

The movie would be written by series co-creators Tina Fey and Robert Carlock after they wrap work on Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt‘s upcoming fourth season, which is currently in production. Netflix and Uni TV declined comment.

As recently announced, Season 4 of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt will launch in two parts. The first, consisting of six episodes, will be available May 30, with the remaining seven episodes premiering at a later date. Netflix earlier today released first-look images from the new season, which are featured in this story, along with a Mary Tyler Moore-flavored promo (you can watch it below).

Netflix

Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, starring Ellie Kemper, Tituss Burgess, Jane Krakowski and Carol Kane, has been an important series for Netflix. The streaming service swooped in and picked up the single-camera comedy, originally piloted and given a 13-episode series order by NBC, with a two-season pickup ahead of its debut on the broadcast network. The move gave Netflix instant credibility in the half-hour space by bringing into the fold one of the most celebrated comedy creators of this decade, Tina Fey.

Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, the first ongoing original half-hour comedy series to debut on Netflix, has been among the streaming giant’s most acclaimed shows. To date, it has earned 16 Primetime Emmy Award nominations, including a best series nom for each of its first three seasons. The comedy also quickly entered the cultural zeitgeist with pop culture parodies and songs like “Pinot Noir” that have amassed sizable followings on social media.

Netflix

But after four seasons and over 50 episodes, word is that everyone felt it was time to end the series. In addition to her busy career in TV and film, Fey recently ventured into theater with the Mean Girls musical landing 12 Tony nominations earlier this week.

Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt follows Kimmy Schmidt (Kemper) as she continues to adjust to the 21st century and learn more about who she really is. Joining Kimmy on her journey are her best friend and roommate, Titus Andromedon (Burgess); her former-employer-turned-friend Jacqueline White (Krakowski); and landlord Lillian Kaushtupper (Kane).

Fey and Carlock are executive producers alongside Sam Means, Jeff Richmond and David Miner for Universal Television, Little Stranger, 3 Arts Entertainment and Bevel Gears.

Here is the opening sequence of the first new episode of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, featuring Kimmy (Kemper) as she makes her way to her first day as HR manager at Giztoob: