Sara and Erin Foster pose as Melania and Ivana Trump Halloween is right around the corner, and the Foster sisters have the perfect costumes: feuding first ladies.

Sara, 36, and Erin, 35, channeled Melania Trump and Ivana Trump while enjoying SVEDKA Vodka's Trump-inspired cocktails at Beauty and Essex in Los Angeles on Tuesday — and their costumes made for a perfect photo shoot.

While Sara took on the role of 47-year-old Melania in a knockoff of the blue Ralph Lauren frock she wore to her husband's inauguration, Erin transformed into 68-year-old Ivana with the help of blonde beehive wig.

Feuding first ladies! Erin (left) and Sara Foster (right) dressed up as Ivana Trump and Melania Trump as part of a brilliant Halloween photo shoot

Getting into character: The two sisters enjoyed SVEDKA Vodka's Trump-inspired cocktails at Beauty and Essex in Los Angeles on Tuesday during the shoot

Keeping current: The Trump costumes were inspired by Melania and Ivana's feud over who is the real 'first lady'

The two sisters couldn't even agree on a cocktail while in character.

'Melania' was seen sipping 'The Combover,' while 'Ivana' chose the 'Desperate Cheeto' — both of which were inspired by the president's physical traits.

Sara and Erin utilized plenty of props during the photo shoot, including Ivanka's new memoir, Raising Trump.

In one photo, Sara looks appalled while flipping through the book, and Erin throws a nasty glance in her direction.

Looking the part: Sara wore a knockoff of the blue Ralph Lauren frock Melania wore to the inauguration and a brunette wig

First Wives Club: Erin sported a blonde beehive wig and a flashy red dress to channel Ivana

Real life: Ivana recently made headlines when she called herself 'first lady' during an interview — prompting a spokesperson for Melania to call the statement 'self-serving noise'

'Honestly Ivana aka @erinfoster, you can have him honey. I'll just be in the corner drinking my vodka,' Sara wrote while posting a few image from the shoot on her Instagram page.

One of the most comical images sees Erin trying to kick Sara down the stairs while sipping on her cocktail.

When sharing the photo on her Instagram, Erin wrote: 'All those miserable years I spent with that idiot, and I never even got to live in the White House.'

After Ivana called herself 'first lady' last week the sisters knew they had found the perfect costumes for Halloween.

Doubling down: After Melania' released a statement, Ivana told Wendy Williams that she is 'technically first lady Trump' because she was his first wife

Friends or foes? 'This was like the feud of the moment,' Erin said of their costumes choices

Perfect props: The two took plenty of photos of themselves flipping through the pages of Ivana's new memoir, Raising Trump

'We wanted to do something like current events and we wanted to do a feud so it would make sense to have both of us in it and this was like the feud of the moment,' Erin told E! News of their costume choices.

Erin noted that everyone should be distancing themselves as far away from the president, so she finds interesting that anyone is 'bragging about being married to Donald Trump at this point.'

And while Sara dressed up as Melania, it seems like she may be on Team Ivana.

'Listen I think Ivanna was there for a lot of crap, she gave him all those kids and she did not reap the benefits. She's like why am I not in that White House? I mean listen she is a little angry,' she explained.

Take that: One of the most comical images sees Erin trying to kick Sara down the stairs while sipping on her cocktail

Ice cold: Sara gave Erin plenty of chilly glances while they were in character

Cocktails of choice: 'Ivana' was seen sipping on 'Desperate Cheeto' while 'Melania' opted for 'The Combover' — both of which were inspired by the president's physical traits

The real-life Ivana found herself embroiled in some family drama last week, after a seemingly off-the-cuff remark prompted a public response from the first lady.

While promoting her book, she told ABC's Good Morning America that while she has a 'direct number to the White House', she doesn't usually use it.

'I don't really want to call him there because Melania is there, and I don't want to cause any kind of jealousy or something like that,' she said while laughing. 'Because I'm basically first Trump wife, okay? I'm first lady, okay?'

Though the laughter seems to indicate that she meant the 'first lady' comment as a joke, Melania felt compelled to respond and shut it down.

Her spokeswoman, Stephanie Grisham, released a statement that Ivana's claim had 'no substance.'

Just a thought: Erin thinks it's 'interesting that anyone is 'bragging about being married to Donald Trump at this point'

Breaking: The sisters can be seen getting make-up touch-ups during their photo shoot

Day jobs: Erin, 35, and Sara, 35, are the daughters of music producer David Foster and the stars of the faux reality series Barely Famous

'Mrs. Trump has made the White House a home for Barron and the President. She loves living in Washington, D.C. and is honored by her role as First Lady of the United States. She plans to use her title and role to help children, not sell books,' she said.

'There is clearly no substance to this statement from an ex. Unfortunately only attention seeking and self-serving noise.'

However, Ivana seemed more than willing to continue the feud when she doubled down on her claims that she is the 'real first lady' during her interview with Wendy Williams.

'Well I tell you I am technically first lady Trump. I was first wife,' she said, adding: 'I don’t know what Melania’s problem is.

'She just has to get over it. She is first lady of America, but I am first lady Trump.'

Ivana also admitted she was surprised by Melania's official statement on the matter, saying: 'I have no idea why she did it. Because I never said I am first lady of America. Better her than me, frankly.'