Pamela Anderson on her 'romantic' connection with Julian Assange Pamela Anderson has spoken of her 'romantic' connection with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange.

The Canadian-American actress, 51, said Assange is one of her favorite people in an interview with Harvey Levin that aired on Fox News on Sunday night.

Describing him as 'imperfect', the former Baywatch star said: 'He's definitely an interesting person and there's definitely a romantic kind of connection 'cause it's a romantic struggle.

'We have this closeness… he's not close to people like he is to me.'

Scroll down for video

Pamela Anderson spoke of her 'romantic' connection with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange in an interview that aired on Sunday night

Anderson, who is in a relationship with French footballer Adil Rami, said she had first met Assange to figure out how to be a 'more effective' activist – and brought him vegan food.

Since then, she says she has visited Assange a number of times at the Ecuadorian embassy in London.

'Now it's a tradition that I bring him vegan food every time I see him, and I see him a lot,' she added.

They have deep conversations about everything from the Bible to animal rights and jealousy, she said.

Now, the pair are planning to work together to create 'career activists' by choosing 10 activists from across the globe and pay their salaries for 10 years, she said.

Anderson says she has visited Assange a number of times at the Ecuadorian embassy in London (above)

She previously spoke about her concerns for Assange's health and well-being after Ecuador announced it had taken away Assange's Internet access and visitor privileges.

The Australian was undergoing 'a slow, painful death' at the hands of the US and UK, Anderson told the New York Post in March.

Last month, Ecuador's president said it was in talks with Britain over Assange's fate.

Assange has been holed up at Ecuador's embassy in London since 2012 when he was granted political asylum.

'The issue of Mr. Assange is being treated with the British government and I understand that we have already established contact with Mr. Assange's lawyers so we can find a way out,' Ecuador President Lenin Moreno told Spanish daily newspaper El Pais.

Anderson, who is in a relationship with French footballer Adil Rami, said she had first met Assange to figure out how to be a 'more effective' activist

'Mr. Assange has been in this situation for over five years and we have to find a way out for him.

'A way out that defends his rights, mainly his right to life, and which at the same time can give Ecuador the possibility to not have what, without a doubt, represents a problem for our country.'

Assange, 47, sought refuge in Ecuador's London embassy in 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden to face sexual assault allegations, which he denies.

The Australian computer programmer claims the accusations were politically motivated and could lead to his extradition to the United States to face imprisonment over WikiLeaks's publication of secret US military documents and diplomatic cables in 2010.

Assange has been holed up at Ecuador's embassy in London since 2012 when he was granted political asylum

Swedish authorities dropped their investigations last year, but British authorities still want to arrest him for breaching bail conditions.

US intelligence agencies have also concluded that WikiLeaks co-ordinated with Russian intelligence to release hacked emails from the Democratic National Committee during the 2016 election campaign.

Last year, Attorney General Jeff said arresting Assange was a 'priority.'

In March, Ecuador cut off Assange's ability to communicate with the outside world after he broke a 2017 promise to not interfere in other countries' affairs while in the mission.

Assange particularly drew the ire of Ecuador by angering the Spanish government with his support for separatist leaders in Spain's Catalonia region who sought to secede last year.

Moreno said the 'ideal' solution would involve Assange accepting a 'penalty' for having breached British bail conditions and then be 'extradited to a country where he does not face any danger.'