Abby Lee Miller Opens Up About Her Prison Sentence Updated: Wednesday, May 10 at 10:30 a.m. ET:

As former Dance Moms coach Abby Lee Miller prepares for her yearlong prison sentence, she's determined to keep busy. In an exclusive interview with Entertainment Tonight, Abby revealed exactly how she plans to occupy her time while in jail: by working on a new series.

The former coach told ET that she plans on "pitching a new show," adding, "I have been so very successful — maybe that'll be some time to work." As for what type of show she has in mind? Naturally, "there's dancing in it," she hinted. It'll definitely be interesting to see what Abby comes up with and whether her time in prison will play a role in this future project.

Previously:

Yesterday (Tuesday, May 9), former Dance Moms coach Abby Lee Miller was sentenced to 366 days in prison following charges of bankruptcy fraud. Abby had been accused of hiding $775,000 of her income, as well as bringing $120,000 of Australian currency into the United States without reporting the amount. Last June, the former coach pled guilty to both of those charges.

Now Abby is speaking out about her sentencing. While appearing on Good Morning America, she shared her hopes for the future, explaining that she aims to "be a smarter businesswoman and also to worry about myself" upon her release from prison. During her interview, she also looked back on her time as a dance coach, adding: "I have spent so much time and so much energy making other people's children stars. I didn't have any children of my own. These were my kids and I raised them like they were my kids."

But despite the fact that Abby maintains that her actions were unintentional, she acknowledges that she must own the punishment. In her interview with People yesterday, she explained, "I made mistakes and I trusted people. But ultimately I have to take responsibility." Abby reportedly must turn herself in to prison within the next 44 days.

Related: Dance Moms' Abby Lee Miller Has Been Sentenced to a Year in Prison

Check this out: