Alex Rodriguez is Jennifer Lopez's biggest fan as at the MTV VMAs She labelled boyfriend Alex Rodriguez her 'twin soul' as she accepted the Michael Jackson Vanguard Award at the 2018 MTV VMAs.

And Jennifer Lopez and A-Rod looked like soulmates as they put on a saucy display at her star-studded MTV VMAs after-party at NYC hotspot Beauty & Essex.

The singer, 49, fresh from her 11-hit medley at the awards, danced on her hunky baseball player beau, 43, as they revelled in her success.

Bump and grind: Jennifer Lopez and A-Rod looked like soulmates as they put on a saucy display at her star-studded MTV VMAs after-party at NYC hotspot Beauty & Essex

Smooch: The singer, 49, and her 43-year-old sportsman beau were smitten as they locked lips at the bash

The On The Floor hitmaker, flaunted her fabulous figure in a plunging blue, white and gold printed jumpsuit.

The daring outfit flashed her braless assets while cinching in at her toned waist with a leather belt as she pulled off some dance moves on her handsome boyfriend.

Her blonde tresses were styled sleek and straight while her pretty features were enhanced with a glowing palette of make-up.

On The Floor! The singer fresh from her 11-hit medley at the awards, danced on her hunky baseball player beau as they revelled in her success

Busty display: The On The Floor hitmaker, flaunted her fabulous figure in a plunging blue, white and gold printed jumpsuit, with A-Rod stealing a look at her ample cleavage

A-Rod changed into a fitted black suit for the night of celebration with J-Lo before locking lips with his beautiful partner as they checked out memorabilia from her career.

Alex proved to be his girlfriend's biggest fan as he proudly watched her take to the stage at Radio City Music Hall in New York City earlier in the evening.

The star was seen applauding and cheering his singer love on from the crowd, where he put on an adorable display with her son Max, ten.

Proud of you:Alex proved to be his girlfriend's biggest fan as he proudly watched her take to the stage at Radio City Music Hall in New York City earlier in the evening

The former baseball player, who put on a dapper display in a fitted white shirt and maroon suit couldn't contain his joy after the On The Floor hitmaker completed an 11-hit medley, clad in an array of dazzling outfits.

Showing off his close bond with J-Lo's family, he held Max's hand and fist-pumped as the pair celebrated the showstopping performance.

Jennifer was age-defying when she performed an 11-hit medley starting with Waiting For Tonight and finishing off her performance with her latest track, which won Best Collaboration, Dinero.

Close bond:The 43-year was seen applauding and cheering his singer love, 49, on from the crowd, where he put on an adorable display with her son Max, ten

Glittering: The star put on a flawless display as she accepted the award before labelling beau Alex her 'twin soul'

Proud:The former baseball player, who put on a dapper display in a fitted white shirt and maroon suit couldn't contain his joy after the On The Floor hitmaker completed an 11-hit medley

Kiss: Jennifer blew a kiss to her family and beau from the stage

Congratulations: Jennifer struggled to contain her tears as she accepted the prestigious award

A performance that was up to the standards of a Superbowl spectacular, saw her end with a moving speech which she dedicated to her twins, Alex and her twins.

'It has been an incredible journey of dreaming my wildest dreams and then kind of watching them come true,' she said.

'This career has always been kind of an obsession for me. When people said, "You're doing too much. You can only do one thing", I always had it in my mind... I was always the kind of person who said, "Why not?".

Go mum! Showing off his close bond with J-Lo's family, he held Max's hand and fist-pumped as the pair celebrated the showstopping performance

Applause: A-Rod looked as if he was welling up as he cheered for Jennifer

Glittering: Jennifer thanked her twins, Alex and her fans during her emotional acceptance speech as she was presented with the Michael Jackson Vanguard award

Cute couple: The superstar couple were the picture of true love as they walked into Jen's star-studded afterparty

Work it: The star showed off her lithe frame in a plunging printed jumpsuit at the after-party

Glamour: The actress flashed her braless assets in the plunging jumpsuit

Jennifer continued to explain how her life changed when she welcomed twins Emme and Maximilian.

'It wasn't until I had two little angels come into my life that everything changed,' she said.

'I knew I had to be better. I knew I had to be stronger than I had before. I stand here stronger and better than ever.'

Smitten: J-Lo and A-Rod were all smiles as they held hands after she received her award

Leggy: The singer flaunted her fabulous figure in the racy outfit

Close: The couple looked happier than ever as they strolled into the bash

Loved up: Her blonde tresses were styled sleek and straight while her pretty features were enhanced with a glowing palette of make-up

Cute couple: A-Rod changed into a fitted black suit for the night of celebration with J-Lo

Chatty: The pair looked delighted as they greeted Tiffany Haddish

Smile: The couple were all smiles as they stepped outside the venue

Work it: The youthful songstress exuded confidence as she posed up

While Emme was seated on Jennifer's mom Guadalupe Rodríguez' lap, Max sat on the lap of her boyfriend Alex , who she called her 'twin soul'.

'And Alex. You're like my twin soul,' she gushed.

'We're like mirror images of each other. My life is sweeter and better with you in it because you make me realize that every day the sky is not the limit - the universe is infinite, and so is what we can accomplish together with love and trust and understanding.'

Look of love: J-Lo sweetly sat on A-Rod's lap as they caught up at the bash

Crowd: Benny Medina addressed the crowd at the party

Dance dance: Jennifer smiled as she greeted a pal at the glitzy bash

Memories: The couple checked out lavish memorabilia from her stage career

Collab: Iggy Azalea, who worked with Jennifer on track Booty, smouldered for the camera

Close: The superstar couple flashed their pearly whites at the bash

'There's so much more to do, to experience, and there is no one I'd rather do it with. You're my macho baby I love you.'

The pair were later seen packing on the PDA at Jennifer's star-studded after-party at NYC hotspot Beauty & Essex.

The couple locked lips before posing up for a series of sweet snaps in the VIP area.

Lavish: The pair cheered as they rocked out at the party

Superstar pals: J-Lo and Iggy were all smiles as they chatted

Strike a pose: Jennifer flaunted her fabulous figure in the clinging jumpsuit

Showbiz pals; J-Lo and Benny looked delighted as they checked out her memorabilia

Sweet treat: The star was presented with a golden cake in honour of her award

Glittering: Tiffany flaunted her toned frame in a sequin-embellished jumpsuit

Jennifer, who rocked an array of dazzling ensembles on stage, slipped her toned figure into a plunging blue, white and gold printed jumpsuit.

The daring outfit flashed her braless assets while cinching in at her toned waist with a leather belt.

Her blonde tresses were styled sleek and straight while her pretty features were enhanced with a glowing palette of make-up.

Jennifer and the former pro baseball player first started dating in early 2017 and confirmed their relationship at the Met Gala in May the same year.

The Jenny From The Block singer shares Emme and Max with ex-husband Marc Anthony, 49.

Alex is a father to Natasha, 13, and Ella, 10, from his marriage to Cynthia Scurtis.

Shimmer: Melissa Gorga flaunted her legs in a skimpy silver dress

Smoulder: Winnie Harlow posed up in a feathered gilet at the bash

Fashion and music: Winnie was joined by One Direction singer Liam Payne

Memory lane: Jennifer's stage props and outfits were on display at the bash

Dance: Tiffany cut some moves on the star-studded dance floor

Attendance: The party was the must-visit event after the awards ceremony

Trio: Keegan-Michael Key, Elisa Pugliese, and Maxwell posed up for a swish snap

Dapper: G-Eazy looked sharp in braces as he posed up

group shot: Kelsey Soles, Gregg Bello, and Baylee Soles were radiant at the event

Duo: G-Eazy and actress Olivia Munn posed for a fun snap