How ‘Kevin Can Wait’ Dealt With Donna’s Death in Season 2 Premiere And that’s that. It seems that Erinn Hayes won’t make even the slightest appearance in Kevin Can Wait’s season 2. In the premiere, which aired on Monday, September 25, it was revealed in the first scene that her character, Donna Gable, had died.

Related: 10 Most Devastating TV Deaths of 2016 Viewers lost their heads in 2016 as characters on popular TV shows such as 'Game of Thrones,' 'The Walking Dead' and 'This Is Us' said goodbye — here are the year's 10 most memorable demises

The CBS comedy briefly mentioned her absence when Kevin Gable (Kevin James) received a postcard for her gym saying they missed her.

“So do I,” he said. No other details were given as to what happened to Donna, but she was also brought up toward the end of the episode during Kendra’s last-minute wedding.

Related: Costars Reunited! Nothing like a little reunion! Stars from both TV and film are constantly reuniting in Hollywood, whether it be on a red carpet or for a new project. Check out stars -- from shows and movies like That '70s Show, Saved by the Bell and Full House -- that have come together years after they took their last bows together

“[It’s] just missing one thing,” Kevin said at the ceremony. Kendra (Taylor Spreitler) replied: “I know, I wish Mom was here too.” Leah Remini’s character, Vanessa, helped organize Kendra’s big day.

As previously reported, it was announced in June that Remini was bumped to a series regular after she guest starred on the series on season 1. On the same day, CBS revealed that Hayes would be leaving the sitcom.

“True, I’ve been let go from the show. Very sad, I had a great experience season 1. Thank you for all the support from our wonderful fans,” Hayes tweeted at the time. Last month, executive producer Rob Long said that they killed off Donna “out of respect.”

Related: Stars Who Were Fired From Jobs From fast food to newspaper delivery, find out what gigs the stars loathed

Remini, meanwhile, is ecstatic to be teaming up again with her former King of Queens costar. “I have been having the time of my life being reunited with my favorite funny man @officialkevinjames,” she captioned an Instagram photo of the pair on Monday. “Not often in life do you get to go back and add to already amazing memories. Thank you @cbstv and the cast and crew @kevincanwaitcbs for welcoming me! And to all of you who have been so incredibly supportive, we thank you! #blessings.”

For the latest celebrity entertainment, news and lifestyle videos, subscribe to Us Weekly’s YouTube Page.