Elsa Pataky goes make-up free as she slips into low-key gym gear to grab coffee with Chris Hemsworth They've been taking in some of the most iconic sights in the UK, and have documented their trips to the London Eye and Piccadilly Circus via Instagram.

But Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa Pataky kept things low-key as they stepped out on a coffee date at a branch of Gail's bakery in the capital on Friday morning.

The Australian action hunk, 35, and the Spanish actress, 42, looked happy and relaxed as they chatted away while enjoying an al fresco caffeine fix and tucked into a shared pastry.

Caffeine fix: Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa Pataky kept things low-key as they stepped out on a coffee date at a branch of Gail's bakery in London on Friday morning

Elsa kept things casual for her outing, opting for a loose-fitting grey sweater with a red New York slogan across the chest, teamed with tight grey workout leggings.

The mother-of-three wore her blonde locks scraped back from her face in a loose bun and went make-up free for her morning in London.

Elsa completed her outfit with a black leather Fendi satchel bag with gold detailing, and comfortable-looking Nike trainers in black and blush.

Chris looked casual in a grey T-shirt and khaki button-down shirt, teamed with indigo jeans and tan suede lace-up shoes.

Couple goals: The Australian action hunk, 35, and the Spanish actress, 42, looked happy and relaxed as they chatted away while enjoying an al fresco caffeine fix

On Thursday, the Thor star and his wife of eight years enjoyed a ride on the London Eye, with Elsa taking to her Instagram page to document their journey.

'London flying!' Elsa captioned the photograph.

The sighting comes after the mother-of-three revealed that her lean frame comes at a price.

In January, Elsa credited her age-defying body to green juices, weight training and always making time for yoga - even if it is just before bed.

Speaking to Good Housekeeping, the blonde beauty said she always strives to make fitness a priority, even if it means taking her three children with her to the gym.

Jumping for joy! On Thursday, the Thor star and his wife of eight years enjoyed a ride on the London Eye, with Elsa taking to her Instagram page to document their journey

'Trust me, most kids can have fun just about anywhere, including a gym,' she said.

Elsa explained that yoga is 'great for toning your booty' and is something she can follow, just before bed.

'At that hour, the kids are tucked in bed and I have some time to myself before I go to sleep,' she told Good Housekeeping.

'I'll either do a quick, heart-pumping exercise or a relaxing yoga flow - it depends on how I'm feeling that day.'

Elsa and Chris tied the knot in 2010, and share three children, daughter India Rose, six, and twins Tristan and Sasha, four.