Robert Buckley and Jenny Wade announce marriage iZombie star Robert Buckley and Feast actress Jenny Wade are now man and wife.

Posting to Instagram from the Thai island Koh Samui, the couple surprised their fans by announcing this Saturday that they had recently gotten married.

Robert, 37, uploaded a snapshot of himself and his wife with frosting-smeared faces, captioning: 'Post-cake fight with (Borat voice) MY WIIIIIFE.'

Scroll down for video

Cake-smeared: iZombie star Robert Buckley and Feast actress Jenny Wade are now man and wife, as they announced on Instagram from Thailand this Saturday

Jenny, also 37, included the same photo in a three-entry Instagram album she posted from their cake-fueled Southeast Asian holiday.

The album also featured a video in which she held up a piece of cake with: 'BUCKLEY' frosted on it, then shoved the food into her new husband's mouth.

'Wow,' said Robert, chewing as he lounged on a sofa. 'Wow!' His wife could be heard giggling from behind the camera as she filmed him.

Sweets for her sweet: Jenny's Instagram album featured a video in which she held up a piece of cake with: 'BUCKLEY' frosted on it, then shoved the food into her new husband's mouth

Lap of luxury: 'Wow,' said Robert, chewing as he lounged on a sofa; his wife could be heard giggling from behind the camera as she filmed him

Also on the album was a photo of Jenny relaxing against a neon pink pillow and lifting a piece of chocolate cake to her own mouth.

The bespectacled Reaper star captioned the post with a wedding poem: 'had our cake / ate it too / found more cake / said i do'.

Jenny, who also featured on Fox' The Good Guys, has been posting Instagram snapshots of her Thai vacation for the past five days.

'Found more cake': Also on the album was a photo of Jenny relaxing against a neon pink pillow and lifting a piece of chocolate cake to her own mouth

In fact, she had been hinting at her new marriage as early as this Wednesday in the caption of a shirtless photo she uploaded of Robert.

She wrote: 'p cute Husbert, i’d say,' alongside a snapshot of her 'Husbert' floating on a paddle-board in the shallows off the Phuket coastline.

On Friday she posted a photo of several bugs on a stick, prepared to be eaten, and she wrote: 'double dared @robertearlbuckley & now we can’t kiss for a week'.

Signs: Jenny hinted at her marriage from Thailand in a Wednesday Instagram post in which she referred to Robert as her 'Husbert'