Jessie James Decker showcases amazing post-baby bikini body and reveals she's put on a happy 10lbs She gave birth to her third child in March and was spotted looking incredible on a beach bikini shoot on Monday.

And one day on, Jessie James Decker - a South Beach Diet ambassador - has revealed how nervous she was to strip down for the shoot, also confessing that she's now 10lbs heavier than she was after her second child.

Taking to Instagram, the 30-year-old posted a side-by-side shot of her physique from behind to showcase the differences since starting weight lifting and increasing her protein intake.

Before and after: Jessie James Decker showcased her incredible bikini body and 10lbs weight gain on social media on Tuesday; she has become South Beach Diet ambassador and social media influencer for the brand

Happy in her skin: Jessie also shared a front-on shot on Tuesday of her incredible toned post-baby physique

'No squats on left vs squats and heavy weights and eating more protein on the right... the left is after Bubby and the right is yesterday (6/12 months after giving birth to Forrest),' she began the lengthy post.

'I am not quite at my goal yet but I’m getting close! I have to be honest even though I was 10 lbs lighter on the left I prefer my body on the right. I’m fit and eating better calories and really keeping track of my protein intake! My goal as a mom of 3 now is to be healthy and fit and feel good.'

Jessie continued that she was anxious to be doing a bikini shoot less than seven months after giving birth to her third child but wanted to show other new mom's that it can be done.

Hot mama: Jessie revealed on Tuesday that she had put on 10lbs due to strength training (pictured 2017)

I will admit I was anxious about having a bikini shoot after just having a baby and maybe I even cried a little from being so nervous and worried people would say not nice things,' she added.

'But I woke up feeling ok about it today because I want to show other mamas that we can do it. We can be fit and healthy together in our own time and feel good in our own skin.'

Jessie also shared a front-on shot on Tuesday of her incredible toned post-baby physique.

Gorgeous: Jessie showcased her incredible physique at the AMA Awards earlier in the month

'Another fun day shooting #southbeach,' she captioned.

The country singer stunned in a black two-piece and had her long brunette locks styled out into natural beach waves.

Jessie is the mom to Vivianne Rose, four, Eric 'Buggy' Thomas ll, three, and six-month-old Forrest Bradley with husband Eric Decker, 31.