Kris Jenner enjoys market while on charity trip to Peru She jetted off to Peru with daughter Kylie Jenner to meet children with cleft palates.

And on Thursday, Kris Jenner took some time for herself while in the city of Cusco, where she was spotted shopping at a local market.

The 61-year-old tried on a furry hat as well as cradled a baby goat during her excursion, later joined by Kylie's friends.

So, do you need a momager? Kris jenner cradled a kid while in the city of Cusco, Peru this week

Hat trick: The star also tried on new headgear during a tour of the local market

The Kardashian matriarch and daughter Kylie met with children suffering from the facial birth defect while in Peru, in association with the Smile Train organization.

She created a special limited edition color for a Kylie Cosmetics lip kit - titled Smile - with proceeds going directly to the charity.

Kylie has donated $500,000 to the charity.

The organization provides free surgery for kids born in developing countries with cleft palate.

Kris kept it simple in a dark blouse with matching bottoms, adding black and white APC sneakers.

The mother of six layered on a khaki coat with black and white pocket details for a playful touch.

She later added a large black cap that had a furry texture; Kris wore large framed aviators as well as layers of necklaces.

Bonding: Kris giggled while wrangling the baby goat

Having the best time: Kris couldn't stop smiling as she carried the baby animal

Kris was seen taking photos of her surroundings with a camera crew in tow.

Although Kylie wasn't spotted with Kris, her friend Jordyn Woods joined her as well as another pal.

Jordyn grinned ear to ear while Kris cuddled the baby animal in her arms.

Taking it all in: The mother of six layered on a khaki coat with black and white pocket details for a playful touch

Good times: She later added a large black cap that had a furry texture; Kris wore large framed aviators as well as layers of necklaces

Eyes on the prize: Kris was seen looking over jewelry options at the market place

Jordyn wore black bottoms with a bright red top, adding a denim jacket and bold lipstick.

The model used a Louis Vuitton scarf to adorn her head, adding a chic element to her casual look.

Kylie returned home via private jet on Thursday; she shared clips of the journey back to the states to her Snapchat.

Her friend model Jordyn Woods and her assistant Victoria Villarroel Gamero were also seen heading back to LA with her on the same plane.

Focused: Kris was seen walking along the stone covered market place as she shopped

Taking a shot! Kris was seen taking photos of the market while a camera crew filmed her

Staying safe: She was pictured flanked by bodyguards to ensure her safety

Staying warm: The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star bundled up in her hoodie jacket

Taking it all in: Kris was seen takingin the sights with bodyguards and Kylie's friend Jordyn, as well as her assistant Victoria Villarroel Gamero

So happy: The brunette laughed as a pal tried on a matching hat - but in white

Still shopping: Kris peeked at the local market's jewelry selection

Here we go! The star brought friends, security and cameras for her day at the market

On the move: Kris appeared to be having a relaxing day at the market with pals

Looking good: Jordyn wore a red top with loose capris, adding a denim jacket

International outing: One of the members of her group carried a large stuffed animal, perhaps for one of Kris' granchildren