Inside Chris Hemsworth's luxurious birthday getaway with wife Elsa Pataky Chris Hemsworth spent his birthday at the beach! The Thor star and his wife Elsa Pataky enjoyed a weekend away with friends on Queensland’s Orpheus Island in honor of his 34th birthday. The dad-of-three, who turned 34 on August 11, said he had enjoyed "one of the best weekends ever" as he shared photos from the trip on Instagram.

The Australian actor chose a truly idyllic spot for his weekend away; the Orpheus Island Resort, which is a secluded Aussie hideaway that accommodates just 28 guests at any time, so Chris and his friends would have been able to completely relax and enjoy all that the island has to offer in privacy.

CLICK FOR FULL GALLERY

Advertisement Advertisement

Chris and Elsa celebrated the Thor star's birthday at an Australian resort Photo: Instagram/@chrishemsworth

MORE: Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon's family vacation takes scary turn

On Monday, Chris posted a montage that showed him and Elsa sharing a sweet kiss on the beach, and standing at the edge of the beachfront infinity pool together, that read: "One of the best weekends ever thanks @orpheusisland and @australia. If you haven't been then add it to the long list of amazing places to see in Oz, it's a must!" Meanwhile Elsa shared her own series of holiday photos, which she captioned: "Sunday fun day!"

The adventurous duo shared pictures from their lavish vacation Photo: Instagram/@chrishemsworth

The pair, who are parents to five-year-old daughter India and three-year-old twins sons, Sasha and Tristan, took in all the activities the resort had to offer. Chris and Elsa, 41, were seen swimming, snorkeling in the sea, while the group also enjoyed paddle boarding, surfing and relaxing by the pool. Elsa also found time to wish the love of her life a happy birthday – with a photo showing off her strength. “Happy birthday to my koala bear!! @chrishemsworth. best weekend ever! Love you always and forever!! #shitimstrong #paradise @orpheusisland @australia,” she captioned the picture of herself cradling Chris.

Advertisement Advertisement

Chris celebrated his 34th birthday on August 11 Photo: Instagram/@chrishemsworth

GALLERY: STAR VACATIONS OF 2017

The Orpheus Island resort stretches across an immaculate coastline and has a National Park, while the surroundings have been classed as a World Heritage-listed Marine Park. Facilities at the resort include a day spa, a restaurant and lots of water-based activities including cruises, diving and snorkeling, fishing and dinghy adventures. If Chris has inspired you to stay at the island, a beachfront room for two people currently costs $1,500 per night, while a beachfront suite is $2,000.