Jourdan Dunn rocks white swimsuit for Solid and Striped She is no stranger to putting her incredible body on display.

And Jourdan Dunn was once again showing off her washboard abs as she posed for a slew of behind-the-scenes snaps in the Solid and Striped swim team.

The 27-year-old British model flaunted her amazing body in the all-in-one piece, as she frolicked on the sand during breaks from the photoshoot in the Bahamas.

Stunning: British model Jourdan Dunn, 27, showed off her incredible physique in a white swimsuit as she posed for behind-the-scenes snaps from the Solid and Striped swim team

Jourdan was still right in the model mindset even when she wasn't shooting for the campaign, keeping her jaw-dropping figure on full display.

The star's skin glistened in the sunshine as she posed by the ocean, with her long hair hanging down her back in a beachy waved style.

In some of the snaps, the camera took on a more artistic feel, with the images looking as if they had come straight from a Polaroid camera.

Jourdan was also seen taking a sip from an ice cold drink in one snap, while in another she sported a matching white jacket with her name emblazoned on the back.

Amazing: Jourdan rocked a swimsuit that flaunted her washboard abs as she posed for the campaign in the Bahamas

Sensational: In some artistic black-and-white snaps, Jourdan knelt in the sand during the photoshoot in the Bahamas

Jaw-dropping: Jourdan kept her black tresses in long beachy waves, keeping her flawless complexion on display in very little makeup

Water break: Jourdan was also seen sipping on an ice cold beverage as she strolled along the sand

Stretch it out: In some other black and white snaps, Jourdan could be seen showing off her amazing abs

Race time: The fashion star looked almost ready for a run across the sand, keeping her pert derriere on full display in the very high cut look

The fashion star joined 12 other models appearing in the campaign for the American swimwear brand, with each star designing the swimsuit they would model.

The designs will be available in three different colours, with one being the white in which Jourdan was seen posing.

Others models in the campaign include Lily Aldridge, Jessica Hart, Elsa Hosk, and Josephine Skriver, and their looks will also be on display in a calendar.

Label chic: Jourdan even sported a white jacket with her name emblazoned across the back in one of the snaps

New vibe: Jourdan was part of a sensational campaign starring 12 other models, who each got the chance to design their own swimsuits

Standout: Jourdan also posed for some eclectic shots that looked fresh from a Polaroid camera, with her endless pins taking centre stage

Stretch it out: Each model designed a piece that would be made in three colours, and each would also feature on a Solid and Striped calendar

Having fun? In another snap the models all appeared to engaging in an impromptu dance moment

Ready steady go! Jourdan was also set to run a marathon in one of the snaps, getting into the starting position

Solid & Striped founder Isaac Ross said he hoped to work on something group-oriented, so decided to create the all-female Baywatch-style shoot.

'I wanted to work with women who had a perspective on bathing suits and had spent parts of their career modeling bathing suits and sort of reimagine the model/brand dynamic,' he told Womens Wear Daily.

'Usually we pay someone to model our bathing suits but I thought it would be interesting to have some of these women create the perfect bathing suit for them.'

Girl power: Solid & Striped founder Isaac Ross said he hopes to work on something group-oriented, so decided to create the all-female Baywatch-style shoot

New vibe: 'I wanted to work with women who had a perspective on bathing suits' he told Women's Wear Daily.

Getting involved: 'Usually we pay someone to model our bathing suits but I thought it would be interesting to have some of these women to create the perfect bathing suit for them,' he added