Anna Faris Says She and Chris Pratt Will Always Be 'Incredible Friends' If you're still reeling over Anna Faris and Chris Pratt's split, hopefully, Faris' latest interview about the current state of her relationship with her ex-husband will somewhat console your broken heart.

In this week's issue of People, the actress, podcast host, and author opened up about Pratt. "We'll always have each other and be incredible friends," she said. "There is still so much laughter in our lives together, and he is so proud of me, still." She continued, "We watched each other grow, and he still cracks me up all the time. And I think I crack him up—unless he's a really good actor and great at faking laughter."

Faris added, "It's understandable that people seemed so invested in our happiness together. All I can say about that is, it's all true, that we truly adore each other, and we love each other. I think it still comes through." I'm not crying, you are!

The House Bunny star's new book, Unqualified, comes out next week and includes plenty of details about Faris and Pratt's love story, their island wedding, and their five-year-old son Jack, as well as a foreword penned by Pratt himself. "I am so grateful that he contributed to the book. Chris and I are really great friends, and I think that we always will be," Faris said of her ex's intro, in which Pratt reportedly notes that he and Faris will be "just fine" following their separation and will move forward together as they "amicably coparent a human."

"At first I thought, 'Oh my gosh, this is crazy timing,'" she told People of deciding to move forward with releasing a book about marriage and relationships in the wake of her separation. "Now it sort of feels like maybe, in a way, everything that's happened helps bring it full circle."

Since announcing the end of their eight-year marriage via a joint statement on social media in August, the couple has, for the most part, stayed mum on the topic. In September, however, while Faris was presenting an award at the Primetime Emmys, Pratt praised her performance onstage—despite not being in attendance at the ceremony. "I know she did great. Anna did an amazing job, she rules," he told a paparazzo in a video captured by TMZ. "She was great. Her and Allison [Janney]—they both looked great." He finished with a supportive plug for Faris and Janney's hit show, on which he once costarred as Faris' love interest: "Go watch Mom on CBS!" We will, Chris, as we dream of happier days.