How to break in new shoes quickly Your support helps us to tell the story Read more Support Now From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging. At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story. The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it. Your support makes all the difference. Read more

[This article was originally published in 2017]

Although many of us are spending more time at home, and less time outside, it still doesn’t mean you don’t have the same age-old problem of new shoes.

In fact the problem is exacerbated because any new creps you have bought during lockdown haven’t really had a chance to be worn outside much so are still stiff and not worn into the shape of your foot.

Shoes that you haven’t yet broken in can leave you with sore feet, blisters and hobbling home in the wee hours, potentially having ruined your day out, because the materials aren’t yet softened.

It usually takes time to break in a new pair of shoes, but fortunately there is a secret to wearing them in quickly.

Here’s what to do:

Put thick socks on your feet. Blast one of the shoes all over with a hair dryer for around a minute, until it’s warm and soft. Put the shoe on your foot. Repeat with the other shoe. Walk around your house at least until the shoes have cooled - the longer you can keep them on the better. If you have time, ideally do this a couple of times.

Then enjoy comfortable shoes that are molded to your feet and won’t pinch, squeeze or rub your toes.

That way you can dance all night, with making sure to show off your best shapes on the D-floor your only concern.