Alec Baldwin dances with daughter Carmen on Ellen Alec Baldwin brought out his adorable daughter Carmen for his pre-taped segment on Wednesday's episode of The Ellen DeGeneres Show in Burbank.

When the 59-year-old Oscar nominee emerged, he and his three-year-old princess showed off their dance moves, which had the bilingual tyke excitedly bouncing up and down.

The 59-year-old host marveled at how the Nevertheless author and his second wife Hilaria managed to have Carmen and sons Leonardo, 7 months; and Rafael, 22 months; within a three-year period.

Scroll down for video

Nice to meet you! Alec Baldwin brought out his adorable daughter Carmen for his pre-taped segment on Wednesday's episode of The Ellen DeGeneres Show in Burbank

Shake it! When the 59-year-old Oscar nominee emerged, he and his three-year-old princess showed off their dance moves, which had the bilingual tyke excitedly bouncing up and down

'How's that work, what do I say? I wasn't working. I was home a lot,' Alec explained.

'How? That's what I do. I wake up every morning and I go, "How, how how?" I love having kids again! It's great. If I didn't like them, would I tell you that?'

Baldwin then compared Carmen to a performer like Debbie Reynolds and Rafa to a 'smoldering James Franco' because of their different temperaments at the Boss Baby premiere.

The three-time Golden Globe winner then discussed the origin of his Saturday Night Live impersonation of President Donald Trump, and how he refused to cameo when Alec hosted this season.

'How?' The 59-year-old host marveled at how the Nevertheless author and his second wife Hilaria managed to have Carmen and sons Leonardo, 7 months; and Rafael, 22 months; within a three-year period

Alec explained: 'What do I say? I wasn't working. I was home a lot...I wake up every morning and I go, "How, how how?" I love having kids again! It's great. If I didn't like them, would I tell you that?'

Red carpet style: Baldwin compared Carmen to a performer like Debbie Reynolds and Rafa to a 'smoldering James Franco' because of their different temperaments at the Boss Baby premiere

'We asked him to come. We invited to come. We were so hopeful he would come but he didn't show up,' the Here's the Thing host admitted.

'I talked about going to the White House Correspondents Dinner, and I'm glad that they didn't have me do that whole routine there. They tried to keep it a little more formal.'

The record-breaking 17-time SNL host reportedly signed a contract to impersonate the 70-year-old reality star throughout the 42nd season of the NBC sketch show.

While in Southern California on Tuesday, Baldwin and his family reunited with his eldest daughter Ireland with first wife, Oscar winner Kim Basinger.

'He didn't show up': The three-time Golden Globe winner then discussed the origin of his Saturday Night Live impersonation of President Donald Trump, and how he refused to cameo when Alec hosted this season

Iconic: The record-breaking 17-time SNL host reportedly signed a contract to impersonate the 70-year-old reality star throughout the 42nd season of the NBC sketch show

The 21-year-old DT Model eagerly held little Leo during his 33-week birthday celebration at Disneyland's California Adventure theme park in Anaheim.

The 6ft2in blonde also cradled Rafa as he and Carmen met real-life Disney princesses like Ariel without her mermaid tail.

'Snow White shares with Carmen her secret for getting guacamole out of her gown,' 33-year-old Hilaria captioned one vacation snap.

Blended brood: While in Southern California on Tuesday, Baldwin and his family reunited with his eldest daughter Ireland with first wife, Oscar winner Kim Basinger

'Two women and a baby': The 21-year-old DT Model eagerly held little Leo during his 33-week birthday celebration at Disneyland's California Adventure theme park in Anaheim

'Hanging out with some royalty': The 6ft2in blonde also cradled Rafa as he and Carmen met real-life Disney princesses like Ariel without her mermaid tail

33-year-old Hilaria captioned her snaps: 'Snow White shares with Carmen her secret for getting guacamole out of her gown. Obviously, when meeting Cinderella, we must chat glass'

'Obviously, when meeting Cinderella, we must chat glass.'

The Rules Don't Apply actor currently hosts the second season of the booze-infused game show revival the Match Game, which airs Sundays on ABC.

Alec will also headline a $2,500-ticket fundraiser for a super PAC tied to hospital and insurance executive George E. Norcross III on June 1 at the Collingswood Grand Ballroom in New Jersey.

Celebrity panel: The Rules Don't Apply actor currently hosts the second season of the booze-infused game show revival the Match Game, which airs Sundays on ABC