‘Saturday Night Live’ and ‘Westworld’ lead Emmy nominations with 22 nods A record-breaking year for “Saturday Night Live” paid off in a big way, as NBC’s 42-year-old sketch comedy series walked away with 22 nominations Thursday, tied with HBO’s “Westworld” for the most nods of any show. Alec Baldwin’s SNL portrayal of President Trump landed him a nomination for best supporting actor in a comedy, and Melissa McCarthy’s headline-making turn as Sean Spicer no doubt fueled her to a nod for guest actress in a comedy, earned for an episode she hosted in May.

Netflix’s “Stranger Things” and FX’s “Feud: Bette and Joan” tied for the second-most nominations with 18, while HBO’s “Veep” was close behind with 17.

In the drama category, the absence of “Game of Thrones” (not eligible for this year’s prize because of the upcoming season’s late start) made room for freshmen series, and five new shows made the cut: HBO’s “Westworld”; Netflix’s “Stranger Things”; Hulu’s “The Handmaid’s Tale”; Netflix’s “The Crown”; and NBC’s “This Is Us.” (Netflix veteran “House of Cards” and AMC’s “Better Call Saul” landed the final two spots.)

From "Big Little Lies" to "This Is Us," this year's Emmy Awards will feature an array of co-stars nominated in the same categories. (Video: Nicki DeMarco/The Washington Post)

On the comedy side, Emmy voters went with some old favorites, such as ABC’s “Modern Family” and HBO’s “Veep,” both previous winners that have been nominated every year since they were eligible. Rounding out the category was HBO’s “Silicon Valley”; Netflix’s “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt”; Netflix’s “Master of None”; ABC’s “Blackish”; and the sole newcomer, FX’s “Atlanta.”

The Emmy Awards air Sunday, Sept. 17 on CBS, and will be hosted by Stephen Colbert. See below for a list of major nominations and analysis.

Nominations by network:

HBO: 111

Netflix: 91

NBC: 64

FX: 54

ABC: 34

CBS: 29

Fox: 21

Hulu: 18

Amazon: 16

Nominations for the 69th Primetime Emmy Awards

Outstanding Drama Series

“The Crown” (Netflix)

“The Handmaid’s Tale” (Hulu)

“Westworld” (HBO)

“Stranger Things” (Netflix)

“This Is Us” (NBC)

“Better Call Saul” (AMC)

“House of Cards” (Netflix)

Immediate reaction: We’re not surprised to see “This Is Us” on the list, but NBC’s beloved tearjerker is the first network drama to land a nod for this prestigious category in six years. “The Handmaid’s Tale” was an obvious choice here and it’s the one to watch on Emmy night, though we won’t count out “Westworld” or “The Crown.” “The Leftovers,” despite critical acclaim, failed to clinch a nomination for its final season.

Outstanding Comedy Series

“Blackish” (ABC)

“Atlanta” (FX)

“Veep” (HBO)

“Master of None” (Netflix)

“Silicon Valley” (HBO)

“Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt” (Netflix)

“Modern Family” (ABC)

Immediate reaction: With a Golden Globe already under its belt, Donald Glover’s critically-acclaimed FX comedy “Atlanta” will be a strong contender against last year’s winner, “Veep.” “Modern Family” clinches its eighth nomination, remaining a voter favorite despite declining ratings (it at one point won five years in a row). It would have been nice to see another new name on the list this year — HBO’s “Insecure,” perhaps, or ABC’s perpetually overlooked “Fresh Off the Boat.”

Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series

Claire Foy, “The Crown” (Netflix)

Keri Russell, “The Americans” (FX)

Elisabeth Moss, “The Handmaid’s Tale” (Hulu)

Viola Davis, “How to Get Away with Murder” (ABC)

Robin Wright, “House of Cards” (Netflix)

Evan Rachel Wood, “Westworld” (HBO)

Immediate reaction: For the first time since “Homeland” debuted, Claire Danes is off the list — in her place is Claire Foy, who plays a young Queen Elizabeth II in “The Crown.” (Last year’s winner, Tatiana Maslany for “Orphan Black,” was ineligible.) The debut of “The Handmaid’s Tale” and “Westworld” also means nods for Elisabeth Moss and Evan Rachel Wood, respectively — and the odds are good for Moss.

Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series

Sterling K. Brown, “This Is Us” (NBC)

Matthew Rhys, “The Americans” (FX)

Kevin Spacey, “House of Cards” (Netflix)

Liev Schreiber, “Ray Donovan” (Showtime)

Anthony Hopkins, “Westworld” (HBO)

Milo Ventimiglia, “This Is Us” (NBC)

Bob Odenkirk, “Better Call Saul” (AMC)

Immediate reaction: You can bet NBC is breaking out the champagne with all the love for “This Is Us.” While Sterling K. Brown’s nomination was expected, Milo Ventimiglia was the wild card. Otherwise it’s business as usual (Matthew Rhys’s nod makes up for the lack of “The Americans” in the best drama category) with the addition of Anthony Hopkins in “Westworld,” which apparently is the TV Academy’s new favorite show.

Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series

Julia Louis-Dreyfus, “Veep” (HBO)

Tracee Ellis Ross, “Blackish” (ABC)

Lily Tomlin, “Grace and Frankie” (Netflix)

Jane Fonda, “Grace and Frankie” (Netflix)

Ellie Kemper, “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt” (Netflix)

Allison Janney, “Mom” (CBS)

Pamela Adlon, “Better Things” (FX)

Immediate reaction: Pamela Adlon, the co-creator and star of FX’s “Better Things,” is the biggest surprise here, though we’re not sure she’ll be a match for Julia Louis-Dreyfus, who has taken home the trophy annually since 2012. Or could Tracee Ellis Ross, clinching her second nomination for ABC’s “Blackish,” pull off a surprise win? (She did earn a pretty historic Golden Globe last year.) Jane Fonda finally joins her “Grace and Frankie” co-star Lily Tomlin, a three-time nominee in this category. Allison Janney won best supporting actress in 2014 and 2015 for “Mom,” but this is her first year on the lead actress roster.

Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series

Donald Glover, “Atlanta” (FX)

Anthony Anderson, “Blackish” (ABC)

Jeffrey Tambor, “Transparent” (Amazon)

Aziz Ansari, “Master of None” (Netflix)

William H. Macy, “Shameless” (Showtime)

Zach Galifianakis, “Baskets” (FX)

Immediate reaction: We’re definitely not surprised to see Donald Glover, star, creator and occasional director of FX’s critical darling “Atlanta” here. But we weren’t expecting the other newcomer, Zach Galifianakis, who co-created his niche FX comedy — about a very sad clown — with Louis C.K. (a five-time nominee in this category). Jeffrey Tambor is the one to beat: The “Transparent” actor has, somewhat controversially, taken home the trophy for the past two years. Glover could definitely claim victory, but don’t overlook any of the others: Aziz Ansari, Anthony Anderson and William H. Macy all landed repeat nominations, so the trophy could really go to anyone.

Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited Series or a Movie

Nicole Kidman, “Big Little Lies” (HBO)

Reese Witherspoon, “Big Little Lies” (HBO)

Jessica Lange, “Feud: Bette and Joan” (FX)

Susan Sarandon, “Feud: Bette and Joan” (FX)

Carrie Coon, “Fargo” (FX)

Felicity Huffman, “American Crime” (ABC)

Immediate reaction: Four Oscar winners + two acclaimed shows = toughest category of the Emmys? As many assumed, both Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon will feud for the prize for “Feud,” and Nicole Kidman and Reese Witherspoon will go head to head for the addictive “Big Little Lies.” Even the most seasoned award-show expert will tell you this one is impossible to predict.

Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited Series or a Movie

Riz Ahmed, “The Night Of” (HBO)

John Turturro, “The Night Of” (HBO)

Ewan McGregor, “Fargo” (FX)

Robert De Niro, “The Wizard of Lies” (HBO)

Benedict Cumberbatch, “Sherlock: The Lying Detective” (PBS)

Geoffrey Rush, “Genius” (National Geographic)

Immediate reaction: Even though “The Night Of” will be more than a year old by the time the Emmy Awards actually roll around, this seems like the limited series that Emmy voters would most likely adore. And no surprise to see the love for Robert De Niro, a longtime award show favorite, or that the voters fell for the mysterious charms of Benedict Cumberbatch

Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series

Ann Dowd, “The Handmaid’s Tale” (Hulu)

Samira Wiley, “The Handmaid’s Tale” (Hulu)

Uzo Aduba, “Orange is the New Black” (Netflix)

Millie Bobby Brown, “Stranger Things” (Netflix)

Thandie Newton, “Westworld” (HBO)

Chrissy Metz, “This Is Us” (NBC)

Immediate reaction: Another tough one that could have gone in a bunch of different directions, but as always, Uzo Aduba is a shoo-in — whether OITNB is competing as a comedy or a drama — and there’s no way the adorable Millie Bobby Brown would’ve gone unrecognized. Come awards night, it will likely turn into a showdown between “The Handmaid’s Tale” supporting cast, as critics rave about both Samira Wiley and Ann Dowd.

Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series

Jonathan Banks, “Better Call Saul” (AMC)

John Lithgow, “The Crown” (Netflix)

Mandy Patinkin, “Homeland” (Showtime)

Michael Kelly, “House Of Cards” (Netflix)

David Harbour, “Stranger Things” (Netflix)

Ron Cephas Jones, “This Is Us” (NBC)

Jeffrey Wright, “Westworld” (HBO)

Immediate reaction: Emmy voters understandably couldn’t resist Ron Cephas Jones’s crushingly sad storyline in “This Is Us.” This category was a wildcard, and Jones joins several new names, including David Harbour, John Lithgow and Jeffrey Wright. And after a couple years off the list, Mandy Patinkin is no doubt thrilled to be back.

Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series

Vanessa Bayer, “Saturday Night Live” (NBC)

Leslie Jones, “Saturday Night Live” (NBC)

Kate McKinnon, “Saturday Night Live” (NBC)

Kathryn Hahn, “Transparent” (Amazon)

Judith Light, “Transparent” (Amazon)

Anna Chlumsky, “Veep” (HBO)

Immediate reaction: No shocker to see the women of SNL show up here, though Kate McKinnon (last year’s winner) or Leslie Jones probably has the edge over Vanessa Bayer’s farewell season. One wildcard: Anna Chlumsky’s fifth consecutive nomination on “Veep,” always an Emmy obsession.

Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series

Louie Anderson, “Baskets” (FX)

Ty Burrell, “Modern Family (ABC)

Alec Baldwin, “Sat urday Night Live” (NBC)

Tituss Burgess, “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt” (Netflix)

Tony Hale, “Veep” (HBO)

Matt Walsh, “Veep” (HBO)

Immediate reaction: It’s an eighth(!) consecutive Emmy nomination for Ty Burrell. As “Modern Family” loses its buzz, why do voters always prefer him over his co-stars? It’s been a few years since Ed O’Neill and Jesse Tyler Ferguson were nominated. We digress. This category is fairly predictable, and let’s just say it would be shocking if Alec Baldwin wasn’t onstage in September accepting a trophy for his portrayal of Trump.

Outstanding Reality-Competition Program

“The Voice” (NBC)

“The Amazing Race” (CBS)

“Top Chef” (Bravo)

“Project Runway” (Lifetime)

“RuPaul’s Drag Race” (Logo)

“American Ninja Warrior” (NBC)

Immediate reaction: RuPaul’s beloved reality competition gets its first nod in the category alongside the shows that have all been here before, including perennial favorites “The Amazing Race,” “Top Chef” and “The Voice,” which has won the last two years in a row. As reality-TV expert Andy Dehnart pointed out before the nominations, over the last decade, only eight(!) shows have been nominated in this category overall. RuPaul’s makes it nine, so it’s refreshing to have any new names on the list.

Outstanding Variety Talk Series

“Late Show with Stephen Colbert” (CBS)

“Last Week Tonight with John Oliver” (HBO)

“Jimmy Kimmel Live” (ABC)

“Full Frontal with Samantha Bee” (TBS)

“Late Late Show with James Corden” (CBS)

“Real Time with Bill Maher” (HBO)

Immediate reaction: Sorry, Jimmy Fallon — we’re not saying that ruffling Donald Trump’s hair is the reason you didn’t make it in this year, but that move angered a lot critics. Taking his place is Stephen Colbert, the host who was snubbed last year after a rocky start on “The Late Show,” but is having the time of his life in 2017 covering the political chaos.

Outstanding Limited Series

“The Night Of” (HBO)

“Big Little Lies” (HBO)

“Fargo” (FX)

“Feud: Bette and Joan” (FX)

“Genius” (National Geographic)

Immediate reaction: This showdown will be a feud — get it ?! — between “Big Little Lies” and, well, “Feud.” If the two acclaimed series split the vote, “The Night Of” could sneak in. Otherwise, this category played out as expected, and it’s a nice win for National Geographic’s “Genius,” the network’s Albert Einstein biopic and first scripted drama series.

Outstanding TV Movie

“Black Mirror” (Netflix)

“Dolly Part on’s Christ mas Of M any Colors: Circle Of Love” (NBC)

“Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks” (HBO)

“Sherlock: The Lying Detective” (PBS)

“The Wizard of Lies” (HBO)

Immediate reaction: “Wait, ‘Black Mirror’ isn’t a movie,” you might say. “Just a really creepy TV show!” You are correct — but the critically beloved episode “San Junipero” (a love story between characters played by Mackenzie Davis and Gugu Mbatha-Raw) was submitted as a TV movie, and deemed eligible. It has a shot, though it faces tough competition from HBO, which traditionally does quite well in this category.

Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Limited Series or a Movie

Regina King, “American Crime” (ABC)

Laura Dern, “Big Little Lies” (HBO)

Shailene Woodley, “Big Little Lies” (HBO)

Judy Davis, “Feud: Bette and Joan” (FX)

Jackie Hoffman, “Feud: Bette and Joan” (FX)

Michelle Pfeiffer, “The Wizard of Lies” (HBO)

Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Limited Series or a Movie

Alexander Skarsgard, “Big Little Lies” (HBO)

David Thewlis, “Fargo” (FX)

Alfred Molina, “Feud: Bette and Joan” (FX)

Stanley Tucci, “Feud: Bette and Joan” (FX)

Bill Camp, “The Night Of” (HBO)

Michael Kenneth Williams, “The Night Of” (HBO)

Outstanding Variety Sketch Series

“Billy on the Street” (truTV)

“Documentary Now!” (IFC)

“Drunk History” (Comedy Central)

“Portlandia” (IFC)

“Saturday Night Live” (NBC)

“Tracey Ullman’s Show” (HBO)

Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series

Wanda Sykes, “Blackish” (ABC)

Carrie Fisher, “Catastophe” (Amazon)

Becky Ann Baker, “Girls” (HBO)

Angela Bassett, “Master Of None” (Netflix)

Kristen Wiig, “Saturday Night Live” (NBC)

Melissa McCarthy, “Saturday Night Live” (NBC)

Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy

Riz Ahmed, “Girls” (HBO)

Matthew Rhys, “Girls” (HBO)

Dave Chappelle, “Saturday Night Live” (NBC)

Lin-Manuel Miranda, “Saturday Night Live” (NBC)

Tom Hanks, “Saturday Night Live” (NBC)

Hugh Laurie, “Veep” (HBO)

Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series

Alison Wright, “The Americans” (FX)

Alexis Bledel, “The Handmaid’s Tale” (Hulu)

Cicely Tyson, “How to Get Away with Murder” (ABC)

Ann Dowd, “The Leftovers” (HBO)

Laverne Cox, “Orange is the New Black” (Netflix)

Shannon Purser, Stranger Things” (Netflix)

Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series

Ben Mendelsohn, “Bloodline” (Netflix)

BD Wong, “Mr. Robot” (USA)

Hank Azaria, “Ray Donovan” (Showtime)

Denis O’Hare, “This Is Us” (NBC)

Brian Tyree Henry, “This Is Us” (NBC)

Gerald McRaney, “This Is Us” (NBC)

Outstanding Host for a Reality or Reality-Competition Program

Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg, “Martha & Snoop’s Potluck Dinner Party” (VH1)

Gordon Ramsay, “Masterchef Junior” (Fox)

Alec Baldwin, “Match Game” (ABC)

Heidi Klum and Tim Gunn, “Project Runway” (Lifetime)

RuPaul Charles, “RuPaul’s Drag Race” (Logo)

W. Kamau Bell, “United Shades of America” (CNN)

Outstanding Structured Reality Program

“Antiques Roadshow” (PBS)

“Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives” (Food Network)

“Fixer Upper” (HGTV)

“Lip Sync Battle” (Spike TV)

“Shark Tank” (ABC)

“Who Do You Think You Are?” (TLC)

Outstanding Unstructured Reality Program

“Born This Way” (A&E)

“Deadliest Catch” (Discovery Channel)

“Gaycation With Ellen Page” (Viceland)

“Intervention” (A&E)

“RuPaul’s Drag Race: Untucked” (YouTube)

“United Shades Of America With W. Kamau Bell” (CNN)

Outstanding Variety Special

“Carpool Karaoke Primetime Special 2017” (CBS)

“Full Frontal With Samantha Bee Presents Not The White House Correspondents’ Dinner” (TBS)

“Louis C.K. 2017” (Netflix)

“Sarah Silverman: A Speck Of Dust” (Netflix)

“Stephen Colbert’s Live Election Night Democracy’s Series Finale: Who’s Going To Clean Up This Sh*t?” (Showtime)

Outstanding Special Class Program

“Hairspray Live!” (NBC)

“The Oscars” (ABC)

“Super Bowl LI Halftime Show Starring Lady Gaga” (FOX)

“70th Annual Tony Awards” (CBS)

Outstanding Documentary or Nonfiction Special

“Amanda Knox” (Netflix)

“The Beatles: Eight Days A Week – The Touring Years” (Hulu)

“A House Divided (Vice Special Report)” (HBO)

“L.A. Burning: The Riots 25 Years Later (A&E)

“13th” (Netflix)

Outstanding Documentary Or Nonfiction Series

“American Masters” (PBS)

“Chef’s Table” (Netflix)

“The Keepers” (Netflix)

“Planet Earth II” (BBC America)

“30 For 30” (ESPN)

Outstanding Informational Series Or Special

“Anthony Bourdain Parts Unknown” (CNN)

“Inside The Actors Studio” (Bravo)

“Leah Remini: Scientology And The Aftermath” (A&E)

“StarTalk With Neil deGrasse Tyson” (National Geographic)

“Vice” (HBO)