Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon Celebrate Christmas 2018 Together All Nick Cannon wanted for Christmas was to be with his family. The former America’s Got Talent host jetted off to Aspen on Sunday, December 23, to join his ex-wife Mariah Carey and their twins Moroccan and Monroe.

Related: These Former Celebrity Couples Are Crushing Coparenting Making it work! Ben Affleck, Jennifer Garner and more former celebrity couples have different ideas about how to raise kids — but that hasn’t stopped them from prioritizing coparenting for the sake of their children. “You have to be on the same page,” the actress told Today.com in November 2017 of raising Violet, Seraphina and […]

Cannon, 38, took to Instagram on Monday to share a photo Monroe took when he was dozing by a Christmas tree. “When your daughter catches the rare occasion of you sleeping!” the rapper captioned his picture. “Daddy, I thought you don’t ever sleep?’ #MissMonroe.”

That same night, Carey posted a snap of herself cozying up under a blanket with Moroccan.

Cannon and the five-time Grammy winner ended their six-year marriage in 2014, but remain close friends and coparents. (They always celebrate birthdays together!)

Related: Celebrity Friendly Exes: Hollywood’s Ex-Lovers Who Have Stayed Close Love lost doesn't mean friendship lost for these friendly exes! Take a look at ex-lovers such as Cameron Diaz and Justin Timberlake, Hilary Duff and Mike Comrie, and Ryan Phillippe and Reese Witherspoon, who have maintained close relationships even after splitting up.

“The common denominator is we both want what’s best for our children,” the Drumline actor told Us Weekly in February. “You put them first and you step back and become selfless in making decisions and it’s pretty easy.”

Cannon added that as far as he is concerned, Carey can “do no wrong.”

Just like their famous parents, Moroccan and Monroe were born to perform. “They’re definitely entertainers,” Cannon told Us in July. “They’re hams!” But Moroccan might have a future career in tech: the comedian quipped that little boy tapped into his email and changed all the settings.

Related: Celebrity Parents Who Have Twins From Neil Patrick Harris to Angelina Jolie and now Beyonce, scroll down to see more stars who are mom and dad to twin kids

“I know none of the passwords,” he said at the time. “All of my emails say it’s coming from Moroccan and Monroe.”

Carey described Moroccan as a “technological genius” when she appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live! in June and revealed that he ordered a dog online without her knowing.

Cannon is also dad of 22-month-old son Golden “Sagon” with model Brittany Bell.