Kim Cattrall pleads with fans to help find missing brother Sex And The City star Kim Cattrall's brother is missing and she's pleading for any information on his whereabouts.

The 61-year-old actress took to Instagram early Sunday morning and posted that Chris Cattrall, her brother, has been missing from his home in Lacombe, Alberta, Canada, since Tuesday.

'MISSING! This is my brother Christopher Cattrall or Chris as we call him,' Cattrall said on Instagram.

Kim Cattrall posted on Instagram early Sunday morning that brother Chris Cattrall has been missing from home in Alberta, Canada, since Tuesday

Chris's keys, wallet and phone were all left behind and the door to his home was unlocked

'He has been missing since Tuesday, January the 30th from his home in Lacombe, Alberta Canada. His keys, cell phone,& wallet left on the table and his front door unlocked.

'This is not like Chris. He he would never leave his unlocked home without those items nor his 7 beloved dogs. Chris is 55 years old, 6 feet tall, 200 pounds, blue eyes, short brown hair, goatee, average build & usually wearing a waist length hooded winter coat with black gloves, blue jeans and calf high black winter boots.

'He’s a one of a kind brother. Help us bring him home safe. Please spread the world. Many thanks for reading this. Kim #centralalberta #blackfalds #reddeeralberta.'

Another person posted on Facebook that families and friends were 'desperate for any news of him' adding that Chris had been the best man at their wedding.

His step daughter, Katie Osmond, also took to social media to share photos of the man.

'I know it’s hard to find people when they’ve gone missing. I’m praying that he comes home safe and unharmed,' Osmond said on Facebook.

'He’s a one of a kind brother. Help us bring him home safe. Please spread the world,' Cattrall said on her Sunday Instagram post

His step daughter, Katie Osmond (center), also took to social media to share photos of the man

'He’s a one of a kind brother. Help us bring him home safe. Please spread the world,' Cattrall said on her Sunday Instagram post

Last October, Cattrall appeared on the show Life Stories in the UK with DailyMail.com Editor-at-Large Piers Morgan. When asked if she were friends in real life with the SATC gang, the 61-year-old was adamant that they weren't.

'We've never been friends. We've been colleagues and in some ways it's a very healthy place to be because then you have a clear line between your professional life and relationship and your personal,' she said.

Her comments came after DailyMail.com exclusively revealed that plans for a third Sex and the City movie had been shelved over claims that Cattrall had made several 'outrageous' demands of the studio just weeks before filming was due to begin.

Cattrall then hit back during her interview with Piers, insisting she simply hadn't wanted to do a third movie, and claiming that she had 'never asked for any money or any projects', while also commenting on her professional relationship with each of the other three stars of the hit series.

Last October, Cattrall appeared on the ITV show Life Stories with DailyMail.com Editor-at-Large Piers Morgan and offered her take on the SATC gang

It's been suggested that Cattrall's character Samantha Jones could be recast, with some suggesting Sharon Stone could play the part.

Sarah Jessica Parker admitted to Andy Cohen that Stone was 'a really interesting idea,' but also suggested that Samantha could be removed from the series altogether.

'I think once everybody has thoroughly experienced the grieving process, then Michael Patrick King can go back and sort of ponder what he might want to do and how he might want to proceed,' she said in response to whether they might simply kill Samantha off.

Anyone with information about her missing brother is asked to contact Blackfalds RCMP at 403-885-3300.