Oprah does uncanny impression of A Wrinkle In Time co-star Reese Among her formidable list of talents, Oprah Winfrey can add mimicry.

On The Late Late Show With James Corden, Oprah, 64, showed off her uncanny impression of her A Wrinkle In Time co-star Reese Witherspoon.

Oprah, who became legendary for the emotional interviews she conducted on her own talk show, also reduced James to tears when he challenged her to make him cry.

Scroll down for video

Nailed it: On The Late Late show With James Corden, Oprah, 64, showed off her startlingly uncanny impression of her A Wrinkle In Time co-star Reese Witherspoon

Oprah, Reese and their A Wrinkle In Time castmate Mindy Kaling were all on The Late Late Show together, where they talked to James about the shoot in New Zealand.

Reese confessed that while far away from her own three children, she became 'a helicopter over-planner' organizing 'activities' for her castmates.

Oprah began mimicking what Reese would say in such situations, affecting the latter's mild southern drawl as she did so.

Hitting the mark: 'We're gonna squeeze all the juice outta this orange, y'all,' said Oprah in a near-perfect approximation of Reese, who was in helpless giggles next to her

Reminiscences: Oprah, Reese and their A Wrinkle In Time castmate Mindy Kaling were all on The Late Late Show together, dishing to James about the shoot in New Zealand

Coping: Reese confessed that while far away from her own three children, she became 'a helicopter over-planner' organizing 'activities' for her castmates

'Girls! Girls. Ladies. Ladies. This is what we're doing. This is what we're doing, y'all. This is what we're doing. Y'all, I have a helicopter gonna pick us up right in front of the yard, right there. We're gonna go right in front of the yard,' said Oprah as Reese.

'Then we're gonna go to the top of the mountain. Then we're gonna hike, y'all. Then we're gonna get on a boat, y'all. Then, then, y'all - oh, I found this beautiful yoga place, y'all. It's fantastic, y'all,' she went on.

'Then we're gonna meet for drinks, y'all, and then, we're gonna go dancing, y'all. There's a great place in Queenstown. We're gonna go. They have great macaroons over there. Y'aaall, it's gonna be so much fun!'

'Girls, girls, ladies, ladies': Oprah began mimicking what Reese would say in such situations, affecting the latter's mild southern drawl as she did so

'It's fantastic, y'all': Oprah got a huge laugh from the studio audience by saying as Reese: 'Then, then, y'all - oh, I found this beautiful yoga place, y'all'

Oprah added the button: 'Y'all, we're gonna squeeze all the juice out of this orange, y'all,' - prompting Reese to say with a laugh: 'That's exactly what I would say!'

Reese compared herself to 'Julie the Cruise Director.' She said: 'You know, I like to make sure everybody has a plan. Everybody's included. Everybody knows there's lots of multiple activities, and, I think I would - I'd be like: "Oprah, that's okay. Do you wanna do tomorrow's activities?"'

Oprah, the iconic talk-show host, clarified that 'I like being with my thoughts.'

Accuracy: Oprah added the button: 'Y'all, we're gonna squeeze all the juice out of this orange, y'all,' - prompting Reese to say with a laugh: 'That's exactly what I would say!'

'We're your new Gayle': Mindy recalled that her pitch to Oprah to join the activities was that 'We were in New Zealand,' and 'We're like: "You ain't got no Gayle here

Mindy recalled that her pitch to Oprah to join the activities was that 'We were in New Zealand. We're like: "You ain't got no Gayle here. We're your new Gayle," - referring to Gayle, Oprah's longtime BFF and professional collaborator.

Impression-wise, Reese gave as good as she got, intoning Oprah's voice as she referred to 'something very emphatic with a very low voice about how deep the meaning of life is.'

Reese's most startlingly accurate copy, though, was of Mindy's voice saying that 'this is so fun, but I also have some follow-up questions about it.'

'How deep the meaning of life is': Impression-wise, Reese gave as good as she got, intoning Oprah's voice as she referred to 'something very emphatic with a very low voice'

Amazing': Reese's most startlingly accurate copy, though, was of Mindy's voice saying that 'this is so fun, but I also have some follow-up questions about it'

Who, me?: The real Mindy stared agog at her co-star in A Wrinkle In Time, an Ava DuVernay film based on the 1962 children's book by Madeleine L'Engle

The real Mindy stared agog at her co-star in A Wrinkle In Time, an Ava DuVernay film based on the 1962 children's book by Madeleine L'Engle.

During the chat-show appearance, James challenged Oprah to 'unleash the power' of interviewing him and bringing tears to his eyes.

Oprah placed a hand on her host's shoulder and said, gazing into his eyes: 'Charlotte, Charlotte, Carrie, Max' - the names of James' children.

Still got it: Oprah, who became legendary for the emotional interviews she conducted on her own talk show, also reduced James to tears when he challenged her to make him cry

'Every father has a dream for his children': Oprah placed a hand on her host's shoulder and said, gazing into his eyes: 'Charlotte, Charlotte, Carrie, Max' - the names of James' children

'Once on my show,' she went on, 'a father said: "Every father has a dream for his children."'

Already, James said: 'Oh, shut up, shut up,' laughing through tears.

Oprah restrained her own giggles and continued: 'Every father has a dream for his children, and his deepest regret in life will be if he doesn't fulfill that dream for his children.'

'Oh, you're joking,' said a weeping James, who is a Tony winner.