More Details Emerge on How Mariah Carey’s Engagement to James Packer Fell Apart Mariah Carey’s relationship with Australian billionaire James Packer might be long over, but fascinating details from their whirlwind courtship keep coming out—enough to fill an entire new book, by Damon Kitney, called The Price of Fortune. In details from the book published by the Daily Mail, one of Packer’s co-workers points out just how weird it was for the businessman to team up with a global superstar: “I always thought the last thing in the world he wanted was publicity.”

Packer and his staffers, meanwhile, say they tried to convince Carey she didn’t need to be camera-ready at every moment. “I remember telling her, ‘No one can photograph you here, you don’t need to worry about the paparazzi,’” says one staffer quoted in the Mail. “But she simply responded with words to the effect of, ‘This is me.’”

Packer’s first wife, Jodhi Meares, also weighs in, calling the relationship “unusual.” She continues, “But then I thought these are two people who have had some extraordinary experiences and that is how they connect. That is how it made sense. She is Mariah Carey. I was like, ‘wow.’ She is extraordinarily creative, she is an incredible singer, I grew up with her [music], we are both the same age. She might be the biggest star I have ever met. She was lovely to me.”

Packer is also quoted in the book, praising Carey’s talent and describing her concerts as “fantastic.” As the relationship continued, both Carey and Packer faced personal struggles, and in the end, one of Packer’s friends, businessman Kerry Stokes, insisted on stalling the wedding.

“I did postpone his wedding,” Stokes says. “We did have some issues at the time because Mariah’s agent was most insistent that they would not be separated and the wedding take place . . . James was upset at not seeing [Mariah]. But he wasn’t sure. He was obviously engaged to her. He was obviously emotionally involved. The fact that it was postponed, he was happy to get the chance to get himself into a better place.”

By the time Carey’s E! reality show, Mariah’s World, was set to air, Packer reportedly became uncomfortable with the mounting publicity and the framing of himself as the rich boyfriend.

“Despite his dalliance with Carey, Packer wanted to be viewed as a serious global businessman,” Kitney writes. “But the friend stresses that Packer never asked to be edited out of the series, as has been suggested. His lawyer, Guy Jalland, apparently asked for Carey’s people to show him the signed consent forms from Packer allowing his image to be used in the series. They never materialized.”

Ultimately, the couple broke off their engagement while yachting in Naples in 2016. The following year, Packer provided a rare comment about the relationship, saying, “I was at a low point in my personal life . . . She was kind, exciting, and fun. Mariah is a woman of substance. She is very bright. But it was a mistake for her and a mistake for me.”