Sofia Richie, 20, and Scott Disick, 35, ignore each other as they talk on phones at dinner date There wasn't much romance on the menu for Sofia Richie and Scott Disick on Thursday night.

The 20-year-old aspiring model and her 35-year-old boyfriend were spotted out for dinner at YU/MI Sushi in Beverly Hills.

The pair were both glued to their cell phones and didn't seem to talk much at all once their food arrived.

Dialing it in: Sofia Richie, 20, and Scott Disick, 35, were glued to their phones when they were spotted out for dinner at YU/MI Sushi in Beverly Hills on Thursday.

No romance on the menu: The couple didn't even get off their phones when their meal arrived

They're talking... but not to each other: They didn't switch off during their night out

Earlier in the day, Sofia and Scott looked stony-faced as they emerged from an office.

Lionel Richie's daughter failed to smile as she left the building, raising questions her recent meeting with Kourtney Kardashian, Scott's ex-girlfriend of nine-years and mother of their three children, was still on her mind.

Sofia was dressed down in an over-sized jumper and black Adidas joggers which she teamed with black trainers and a pair of her signature, Matrix-inspired sunglasses.

Wearing her long, sleek blonde hair with a center-parting, Sofia showcased her natural beauty with a minimal make-up look.

So solemn: Sofia and Scott looked stony-faced as they left an office in Los Angeles earlier on Thursday... just days after their 'tense' dinner with Kourtney Kardashian

Scott was also casually clad in a charcoal grey hoodie and khaki corduroy trousers.

Their outing comes after the couple made a hasty exit at Derby Day in Melbourne, Australia, on November 3.

Dressed in designer threads at Flemington Racecourse, Sofia looked upset during what appeared to be a difficult exchange with Scott and was spotted wiping away her tears.

Emotions running high: Sofia and Scott reportedly shared a 'tense' dinner with his ex and the mother of their three children, Kourtney Kardashian. She's seen at an LA event on November 3

It comes after the socialite shared a 'quick' but 'tense' dinner with Kourtney and Scott on November 4 at Nobu in Malibu.

Kourtney and Scott share Mason, eight, Penelope, six, and Reign, three, with the meal reportedly set up by the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star.

Though the trio broke bread together, those who scoped the scene said the meal was less-than-friendly.

'It wasn’t like they are all friends and were hanging out for fun. It looked more like a business dinner,' the insider told People.

According a source close to the situation, the reality star isn't interested in getting 'to know Sofia better,' but rather feels like she needs to spend more time with the model 'because of the kids.'

'Sofia spends time with Kourtney’s kids, so Kourtney wants to make sure they are all on the same page,' the source said.

The way they were: Kourtney and Scott began dating in 2006 but parted ways in 2015 after nine years together. They share children Mason, eight, Penelope, six, and Reign, three

'Scott and Sofia tend to get into arguments. Kourtney wants to make sure the kids are in a positive environment when they are at Scott’s house.

'She is setting up rules for how things needs to be when the kids are with Scott.'

After what was described as a 'quick' meal, all three exited in succession.