Everything You Need to Know About Kate Hudson's Boyfriend Danny Fujikawa Kate Hudson and her fiancé, Danny Fujikawa, were friends for more than a decade before they took their relationship to the next level. Now, seven years into their romance, they share a life, a child, and a long future together.

“He makes me feel beautiful every single moment of the day, even when we have fought,” the Fabletics founder told People in 2020. “I still feel loved. His devotion to the family unit makes me feel safe and confident and secure.”

Below, everything we know about the musician and his relationship with the actor.

He and Hudson have known each other for more than two decades.

Charley Gallay // Getty Images

Although Fujikawa and Hudson confirmed their relationship—with a sweet red-carpet debut—in May 2017, the pair had actually known each other for 15 years prior. Hudson told The Talk hosts that she first met Fujikawa through friends Sara and Erin Foster.



“We’ve known each other for 15 years. He’s my best friend’s stepbrother,” . “We kinda skipped through the part of knowing what the hiccups were. You kinda skip the part of going, ‘Oh, you’re like that?’ ”



She added, “In terms of family, I’ve known his family forever. To have that connection is really powerful.’



He's a musician.

Getty Images

It’s safe to say Hudson has a thing for rockers after previously being with The Black Crowes’ Chris Robinson and Muse’s Matthew Bellamy. Fujikawa is the former lead singer and guitarist for the L.A.–based folk rock band Chief, which he cofounded with his brother Michael Fujikawa. The group is now disbanded, but still remain friendly. Fujikawa posted a photo with his former bandmates on Instagram on April 30, which prompted many fans to wonder whether Chief was making a comeback.



He founded his own record company.





Fujikawa founded Lightwave Records in Los Angeles in 2013, according to his LinkedIn profile.

He went to NYU.

Getty Images

Fujikawa's LinkedIn profile also states that he went to New York University starting in 2004, where he studied music. However, he decided to drop out in 2005. His activities while attending the school consisted of “bartending at Lit lounge, lots of walking, and not going to school.”

He has two brothers.

Their names are Michael and Brady Fujikawa, and the part-Japanese siblings were all raised in Los Angeles. Fujikawa shared the adorable throwback above for one of his brothers' birthdays.

They have a child together.

The couple welcomed their first child together, a daughter named Rani Rose Hudson Fujikawa, on October 2, 2018. “We have decided to name our daughter Rani (pronounced Ronnie) after her grandfather, Ron Fujikawa,” the actor wrote on Instagram. “Ron was the most special man who we all miss dearly. To name her after him is an honor.”She added, “Everyone is doing well and happy as can be. Our family thanks you for all the love and blessings that have been sent our way and we send ours right back.”

Hudson announced the news of her pregnancy in April 2018, with an Instagram video of her exciting gender-reveal party.

“My kids, Danny, myself and the entire family are crazy excited!” she captioned the post, adding that she and her beau had “a little girl on the way.” Hudson also has two other children, Ryder Russell Robinson, 20, and Bingham Hawn Bellamy, 13, from previous relationships with Chris Robinson and Matt Bellamy, respectively.

Stephane Cardinale - Corbis // Getty Images

They got engaged in 2021.

In 2019, Hudson revealed to The Telegraph that she was considering getting married to Fujikawa. She said, “We think about that a lot. Marriage is definitely not a golden ticket—it's not going to solve any challenges in a relationship. But as someone who's lived through … well, trial and error, I think that the symbolism of marriage, that commitment, is more important to kids than we sometimes think.”

And it wasn’t long before Fujikawa officially popped the question. On September 13, 2021, Hudson shared a photo of the two kissing atop a mountain, with her wearing her new engagement ring. “Let’s go! 👰‍♀️💒🤵🏻‍♂️” she wrote in the caption.