11 Waterproof Makeup Products You Have to Try Seventeen picks products that we think you'll love the most. We may earn commission from the links on this page.

Nothing’s worse than looking in the mirror on a hot summer day and realizing you have “raccoon eyes” because your eyeliner started running. Sweat, rain and humidity can quickly turn the makeup look you slayed this morning into something that looks straight out of a horror movie. But sweat doesn’t have to mean sacrifice. You can still beat your face even if you’re expecting the humidity to hit 100. Just invest in some quality, waterproof makeup products that will preserve your look all day long. Even the best waterproof makeup tends to feel a lot heavier than normal makeup, but that doesn’t mean it’s necessarily bad for your skin, according to Dr. Marisa Garshick, a NYC-based board-certified dermatologist at MDCS Dermatology and Clinical Associate Professor of Dermatology at Cornell. “[Waterproof makeup] certainly has a role for people who need it for specific reasons, as long as it is properly removed at the end of each day.”

But Dr. Garshick also says that if your skin is prone to breakouts, the key is finding waterproof makeup that’s non-comedogenic, since it’s less likely to clog your pores. “In general, waterproof makeup can be considered heavier than traditional makeup and it is because some products contain ingredients that are designed to keep water away, such as waxes or silicones, and these can sometimes lead to irritation or further breakouts of the skin.” She advises investing in products that contain acrylates copolymer, isododecane and very small amounts of silicone.

Dr. Garshick says that you can even wear waterproof makeup to workout. “Although it is recommended to remove makeup prior to a sweaty workout to minimize pores from getting clogged, [non-comedogenic makeup] shouldn't clog the pores, even if being worn while getting hot and sweaty.”

It can be hard to break through the noise and find products that really work, but this might help. Beauty Smartie Maria Gomez tested out some waterproof makeup products, which by the way, are all pretty affordable and can be found at your local drugstore.

Sure, a bunch of makeup products out there claim to be waterproof, water-resistant or long-wearing, but can they actually do what they say? You'll have to find out in the video below, and make sure to watch until the very end to see what happens when Maria dunks her entire face into a bowl of water!





1. Milani Conceal + Perfect 2-in-1 Foundation + Concealer

Ulta Beauty







This product claims to be long-wearing, water-resistant, and sweat-proof. For this video, Maria applied the foundation to the back of her hand and then used her fingers to apply it all over her face. (If you want to check out a life-changing hack on how to apply liquid foundation with your fingers, check this out.)

"I’m pretty impressed with the coverage. It went on super smooth, My skin still feels pretty bare. It feels like I almost have nothing on, which I mean I love especially during the summer and spring time," Maria said.

2. NYX Gotcha Covered Concealer

NYX Professional Makeup



This product claims to be waterproof and full coverage. Maria dabbed the product onto her ring finger and only applied a small amount to her under eye area. Unfortunately, the concealer did add some shine to her face. "It did add a little bit of shine. I’m not sure how I feel about it because it kind of accentuates every little ridge in my face, but it is full coverage, so I will give it that."

3. Essence All About Matt! Fixing Compact Powder Waterproof

Ulta Beauty



According to Maria, this powder did a great job of removing some of the shine on her face. However, it did leave a little bit of a white cast. (Hey, no product is perfect, right?!)

4. Rimmel Natural Bronzer

Rimmel London



SHOP NOW



Heads up, Maria noticed there aren't too many waterproof bronzers out there, but she did manage to score this super affordable option! (Now, if you're still not sure exactly where to apply bronzer, head over to this helpful tutorial.)

As it turns out, not only is this product low-cost, but it also works really well. According to Maria, it's very blendable. "I’m actually pretty content with how it blended out and applied on the face. I definitely do see myself reaching for this maybe during the spring or summer when I’m going out with some friends and just want a little bit of a sun-kissed glow."

5. NYX Proof It! Waterproof Eyeshadow Primer

NYX Professional Makeup







Yep, apparently a product like this exists! This product claims that it can work well with any type of eyeshadow and make it budge-proof. It's an interesting concept, but Maria did note it felt a little different than other eye primers. “It feels a little weird– almost feels a little sticky when compared to normal non-waterproof eyeshadow primers," she said.

Whether or not it really works is up for debate. After Maria got her face wet, there was some eye product on her towel. However, the eye makeup left on her face looked pretty flawless.

6. Maybelline Eyestudio Color Tattoo Concentrated Crayon

Ulta Beauty

SHOP NOW



Next, Maria applied this "color tattoo" to add a champagne color to her lids. After blending it out with her fingers, Maria realized that she absolutely loved the color! But, the lids still felt kind of sticky...

7. Maybelline Eyestudio Lasting Drama Gel Eyeliner

Maybelline New York



SHOP NOW



To create a class winged line on her upper lashes, Maria used Maybelline's gel liner.

8. Rimmel Scandleyes Waterproof Kohl Kajal Eyeliner

CVS Pharmacy





On her lower waterline, Maria applied this waterproof eyeliner. After applying both eye products, Maria decided that they worked really well and glided on very smoothly. "I do really, really love them. They glided on super, super nicely and they were really creamy," she said.

9. Maybelline TattooStudio Waterproof Eyebrow Gel

Target



SHOP NOW



This product claims to be so powerful that it can last up to two days! Crazy, right?! Well, Maria says she loves its texture, so let's hope it really lasts that long. "I actually really like this eye brow gel. It deposited a little pigment, nothing too drastic, so it still looks pretty natural and it has a little bit of a gel-like texture, so my brows are staying in place."



As for the waterproof test, this gel definitely passed. Even after Maria dunked her face in water, the pigment did not move.

10. L'Oreal Voluminous Lash Paradise Waterproof Mascara

Ulta Beauty

SHOP NOW



Real talk, Maria said she's absolutely obsessed with this mascara. "I used to think that waterproof mascara was clumpy and it looked like spidery lashes, but this mascara did not give me that effect whatsoever. I added two coats and it gave me the right amount of length and definition," she said.

11. NYX Liquid Suede Cream Lipstick

NYX Professional Makeup

SHOP NOW



Maria tried out this lipstick in the shade "Soft-Spoken," which according to Ulta Beauty is a fan fave.“It goes on super creamy, it’s really pigmented and it doesn’t dry down completely matte," Maria said.

Dr. Garshick says that the key to avoiding skin irritation is properly removing your waterproof makeup by using products like micellar water or makeup remover towelettes. “[Micellar water] is a gentle cleansing option that uses micelles, which are small oil molecules, that help to lift off makeup, oil and dirt off the skin without requiring significant rubbing or extra irritation to the skin." She also advises to avoid excessive rubbing when using makeup remover towelettes. Check out some of her product recommendations below.