Ryan Phillippe Slams Reports He’s Dating Katy Perry Definitely not dating! Ryan Phillippe wants everyone to know he is not in a relationship with Katy Perry.

Despite reports the pair had been “totally flirting” at Elton John’s 70th-birthday party in March, the actor firmly denied it with a frustrated message on Sunday, April 9.

Related: Unlikely Celebrity Couples They dated?! From Tom Cruise and Cher to Taylor Kinney and Lady Gaga, some celebrity couples don't always make sense to the untrained eye. Check out these unexpected celebrity romances.

“I AM NOT DATING KATY PERRY,” he wrote in block capitals on Twitter. “BARELY KNOW HER. PLEASE STOP FLYING HELICOPTERS OVER MY HOUSE. SHE IS NOT HERE. thx.”

Related: On Again, Off Again Celebrity Couples Some couples just need a break every now and then! Click through to see which of your favorites couples -- like Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake -- couldn't help splitting and rekindling year after year.

I AM NOT DATING KATY PERRY. BARELY KNOW HER. PLEASE STOP FLYING HELICOPTERS OVER MY HOUSE. SHE IS NOT HERE. thx — dr. philz (@RyanPhillippe) April 10, 2017

At the time of their rumored flirtation last month, Perry, 32, had just broken up with Orlando Bloom, 41, following a year of dating. Phillippe, 42, had been single for several months since splitting from his fiancée, Paulina Slagter.

When a fan commented on his post saying they’d like to be linked to the “Roar” singer, Phillippe wrote: “don’t mind ‘people’ thinking that. don’t want low flying pervs hovering periodically.”

Phillippe co-parents 17-year-old Ava and 13-year-old Deacon with his ex-wife, Reese Witherspoon.

He recently revealed that his youthful looks leave him open to being mistaken for his teenage daughter’s brother.

Related: And the Best Dressed Couples on the Red Carpet Are … From George and Amal Clooney to Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie, Us Weekly rounded up the best dressed celebrity couples on the red carpet. Scroll through and try not to swoon!

Phillippe told The Late Late Show host James Corden that Ava cringes when people think they’re siblings.

“One thing my daughter gets embarrassed sometimes by is the fact that I do look so young and I get mistaken for her brother at times, which repulses her,” he said. “It absolutely repulses her that anyone could mistake me for being her brother.”