Sam Rockwell Reveals His Relationship ‘Rule’ With Leslie Bibb There’s one thing that helps Sam Rockwell and Leslie Bibb keep their romance alive.

Related: Celebrity Couples and How They First Met Star-crossed lovers! Ever wonder how celebrity couples like Brangelina, Tom and Gisele, and the Beckhams first met? Whether it was through mutual friends or at work, check out their love story beginnings here!

“We have a two to three week rule and then we see each other,” the Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri actor, 49, told Us Weekly exclusively at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic at Liberty State Park in New Jersey on Saturday, June 2. “Then you get too independent if it’s four weeks, five weeks.”

Rockwell gushed that his nearly 11-year relationship with the Iron Man actress, 43, works because they both “have a sense of humor.” He added, “We just look after each other.”

Related: Celebrity Oscars PDA Take a look back in pictures through the years of Ben Affleck, Meryl Streep, Charlize Theron, and other stars showing PDA with their dates, fellow winners, and pals at the Academy Awards

The couple made headlines in January when the Oscar winner revealed yet another secret to their strong bond. “Communication and good sex,” he told E! News cohost Giuliana Rancic with a laugh on the red carpet at the 2018 SAG Awards. When Bibb chimed in, “And a healthy sense of humor,” her boyfriend added, “Yes, humor is important. She’s very funny.”

Later that night, Rockwell elaborated on his love for the model. “She’s my beloved,” he told Us. “She keeps me laughing. … She’s really talented and funny herself. She reminds me of a young Mary Tyler Moore.”

Related: Hottest Celebrity Beach Couples Hotties and their bodies! Click here to see pictures of super fit celebrity couples like Channing and Jenna, Tom and Gisele, and Will and Jada, rock their ripped beach bodies in the surf and sand.

The pair met in Los Angeles in 2007 while he was filming Frost/Nixon. The Moon actor previously dated Piper Perabo, while Bibb was married to businessman Rob Born from 2003 to 2004.