Second Wives Club star Katie Cazorla New Business hindrances and Shiva Safai’s matchmaking tactics for brother 







Photo Source: eonline.com

Second Wives Club has been giving the viewers the full display of what the real posh lives of millennial women are like. While Katie Cazorla has been focused on maintaining her new business that has seen a set off, Shiva Safai is seen playing the matchmaker to find a girl for her younger brother in the last episode. These women have had their hands full this episode around. Let us find out more on this Second Wives Club recap!

Business owner Katie Cazorla was very happy with her new café, Hi SocieTea opening. Unfortunately, she has a leak in the kitchen on the day of the opening. Katie freaks out about the “heath inspection coming up” and seeing all of the leaks! Katie Cazorla faces setoffs and desperately asks for a “day drink” out of frustration that she will have to lose “hundreds of thousands of dollars” and two years of her life!

Katie goes on to share that she “does not have a fear of commitment to business” but to “human beings” when Walter talks about how them getting married is a “really really big deal” for him.







While Katie freaks out about her café opening setbacks, we see Veronika Obeng finally opening up about her husband’s extramarital affair with Katie. Veronika reveals that she was “pregnant the whole time it was happening”!

Shiva Safai has been going bonkers by setting herself as the matchmaker for her younger brother Shanin and it has been pretty awkward till date. Shiva joins hands with Mohamed Hadid to find an elite girl so they head to the streets of Beverly Hills for the task!

The task is that both Mohamed Hadid and Shiva Safai have to find “one girl each”! Hadid and Safai closed the bet with a handshake and a “deal”! While Shiva shows pictures of her younger brother to some single girls in the street, Mohmed has a calm informal interview with women about the kind of men they like!

The bet ends with Shiva winning since Shanin liked her pick the best. Shiva was euphoric with her win and went on to share that she does not “care if he has a girlfriend, a wife” and cares only that she “won this bet”! Not to forget that Shanin is already in a relationship with another girl at present!