La La Anthony and estranged husband Carmelo make out she admits they're 'figuring out' marriage It appears La La Anthony and her estranged husband Carmelo Anthony are trying to work things out.

The couple, who have been living separately since April of 2017, have reportedly been spending more time together.

'We’re good. I mean, we’ve been together for a really long time so we’re figuring out how to make it work for what is best for (our 11-year-old son) Kiyan and what is best for us,' La La revealed in an interview with People.

Mending fences? Carmelo Anthony and La La Anthony attended the Lumiere De Vie Hommes Launch Event Aboard Superyacht Utopia IV on Saturday in New York City; the couple are pictured during NY Fashion Week in September 2018

La La and the NBA superstar looked like a blissful couple when they arrived with their son for the launch of grooming line Lumiere de Vie Hommes aboard a yacht in New York City on Saturday.

At one point, she sat down on Carmelo’s lap and the two started making out as Beyoncé’s hit tune Love On Top rocked the house, according to the magazine.

'We’re having fun! I have my husband here, my friends here, it’s a really exciting time,' the 39-year old television personality admitted.

Swanky party: La La hammed it up with actor/singer Jamie Foxx at the Lumiere De Vie Hommes Launch Event in New York City; Foxx was the host of the event

LaLa and Carmelo separated following reports that he allegedly cheated on her with a dancer at a gentlemen’s nightclub in New York. However, the split has always been amicable and neither side has filed divorce papers.

In fact, the co-parents have often been seen out and about together with their son and they always speak highly of one another to the media.

'Carmelo and I are the best of friends and our number one commitment is to our son, Kiyan,” she said during an appearance on The Wendy Williams Show in 2017. 'I would absolutely never say a bad thing about my husband. That’s my son’s father and he is an amazing dad. I could not ask for a better dad.'

Carmelo and his new team, the Houston Rockets, open up their regular season on Wednesday October 17 in Houston.

La La is an actor, best-selling author and entrepreneur, who is best known for her reality shows La La's Full Court Wedding and La La's Full Court Life.

She and Carmelo have been married since 2010.