Read Keith Urban’s Adorable Anniversary Message to Nicole Kidman These two! Keith Urban posted an adorable message to Nicole Kidman on their 11th anniversary on Sunday, June 25.

Related: Nicole Kidman’s Best Red Carpet Moments After more than three decades in show business, Nicole Kidman continues to dazzle both on the screen and the red carpet. Take a look back at her best style moments, including that game-changing chartreuse Dior gown alongside ex-husband Tom Cruise in 1997.

“Happy Anniversary Babygirl,” the country superstar, 49, captioned a photo of the couple. “Eleven years and you still feel like my girlfriend!!! – KU.”

Happy Anniversary Babygirl Eleven years and you still feel like my girlfriend!!! – KU A post shared by Keith Urban (@keithurban) on Jun 25, 2017 at 7:55am PDT

Related: Stars Gone Country! Yeehaw! Stars like Hayden Panettiere, Kelly Clarkson, Nicole Kidman, and Matthew McConaughey have all stepped out of their comfort zones to get into the Nashville groove. Click through to see some famous faces that have gone country!

The Big Little Lies actress, 50, meanwhile, posted a throwback photo of the pair on their wedding day. “11 years of love that I thank God for every day,” she wrote on her Facebook account. “I love you Keith Lionel more and more. Happy anniversary.”

Urban and Kidman met in 2005 and tied the knot the following year. In February, the actress opened up about first meeting him when she dropped by on The Ellen DeGeneres Show.

Related: Celebrity Couples: Then and Now Their love stands the test of time! From Rita Wilson and Tom Hanks to Victoria and David Beckham, see which celebrity couples' partnerships have endured throughout the years.

“I remember thinking I had such a crush on him and he wasn’t interested in me. He didn’t call me for four months,” she recalled at the time. “We’re here now and it’s all good. We don’t need to hash up all that stuff.”

Urban and Kidman, who was previously married to Tom Cruise from 1990 to 2001, are parents of daughters Sunday, 8, and Faith, 6. She and the Top Gun star, 54, are also parents of Connor, 22, and Isabella, 24, who they adopted.