'Bachelorette' Winner Bryan Abasolo Gushes Over Fiancee Rachel Lindsay on Instagram After Engagement Reveal Now that the cat’s out of the bag and the Neil Lane ring’s on the finger, Bachelorette winner Bryan Abasolo (aka Dr. Bryan) is no longer hiding on social media. The 37-year-old chiropractor popped the question to Rachel Lindsay in Monday’s finale and now is ready for their happily ever after.

Bryan took to Instagram after the episode aired to pour out his heart to his future bride in a sweet video post.



WATCH: 'The Bachelorette': Rachel Lindsay and Fiancé Bryan Abasolo Dish on Their Relationship & Wedding Plans





“Rachel my love, my rock!! It's felt like forever, but the wait is finally over!!!” he captioned the video, which was soundtracked by Brian McKnight’s “Back to One.” “No longer do I have to hide the fact that you are and always have been the one for me! No longer do I have to keep secret how in love w you I truly am from the rest of the world!”

He went on to gush about their proposal, saying, “Hearing you say ‘yes’ on the top of that castle in Spain was the greatest moment of my life! I was optimistic about what could be prior to stepping out of that limo but never in my wildest dreams could I had foreseen us building such a strong foundation and deep bond in the last 6 months.”

He also opened up about their journey after The Bachelorette as the couple prepares to meet the press together on Tuesday.

“Every single day literally gets better and better with you and reaffirms that God placed you in my path for a reason,” he said. “We've gone through so much...the ups, the downs, the challenges...but in the end, what shines above all else is the deep love, loyalty, respect and admiration we have for each other and that's what will continue to carry us through into our future. I can't wait to start our new life together full of fun and adventure! I am so blessed and lucky to have you and I promise to cherish you forever! I love you baby! #whenyouknowyouknow #thebacheloretteabc #bachelornation.”

WATCH: 'The Bachelorette' Finale: Find Out Who Rachel Lindsay Picked!





Bryan also posted a pic with his lawyer fiancée aboard a plane in the middle of a kiss, writing, “On cloud 9 #NY #CT #DAL #MIA.”

For more from the couple’s romantic finale, watch the clip below!