Living 'alien' offers surgery advice to male Britney Spears impersonator A man who has spent more than $50,000 transforming himself into a 'genderless alien,' is offering plastic surgery advice to a Britney Spears impersonator who is looking to get a second nose job ahead of his wedding.

Make-up artist Vinny Ohh, 25, asked Dr. Terry Dubrow and Dr. Paul Nassif to construct him a nose that was truly out of this world when he first appeared on Botched in 2016, but the doctors refused to deform him.

Vinny has returned to the E! reality series to help guide his friend Bryan Ray, 32, who is looking to get his 'perfect nose' for his 'dream wedding.'

Scroll down for video

Two of a kind: Vinny Ohh (L), who has spent $50,000 transforming himself into an alien, gives Britney Spears impersonator Bryan Ray (R) plastic surgery advice on Wednesday's Botched

Returning: Vinny first appeared on the Botched in 2016, but Dr. Terry Dubrow and Dr. Paul refused to construct the out of this world nose he was asking for

'Me and Bryan have a lot in common in terms of him being Britney and me being an alien. We're both striving for a different picture,' Vinny explains in a preview clip for Wednesday night's episode.

When he first appeared on the show, he wanted the doctors to create him a nose that starts out thick from the nasal bridge and comes down to a point. However, they warned him that what he wanted to achieve was potentially dangerous and wouldn't actually work.

The surgeons advised him to stick with a more natural-looking nose, and Vinny appreciated their honesty.

'They will definitely say that I have taken more of an extraterrestrial on Earth kind of look — but always being galaxy realness,' he tells the cameras.

After watching Bryan rehearse, they sit down for a chat and Bryan reveals that he and his fiancé have set a wedding date, but he's looking to have another surgery before saying 'I do.'

Friends: 'Me and Bryan have a lot in common in terms of him being Britney and me being an alien. We're both striving for a different picture,' Vinny says

Britney lover: Bryan says he wants to get a second nose job before his wedding

Highly recommended: Vinny (pictured with Bryan's fiancé) assures Bryan that he is in good hands with Dr. Terry Dubrow and Dr. Paul Nassif

The right time: 'Now is the perfect time that I get my perfect nose for my dream wedding,' Bryan explains in another clip

'You know my nose has been bothering me, so I am going to Dr.Dubrow and Dr. Nassif,' he tells Vinny. 'I want the bridge more defined. I want it sharper.'

Bryan's fiancé cuts in to remind him that he has already had a rhinoplasty, but Vinny gets where he is coming from.

'I've had my nose worked on about five times, so you know I got you,' he tells Bryan, who adds: 'You have to do it until it feels right for you.'

'You are in such good hands,' Vinny adds. 'I never had doctors be so honest with me about my transition to become an alien.

'They pushed me away but girl I have faith. And they're cute. They are kind of cute, like Dubrow? Yeah, I feel it.'

Checking it out: Dr. Nassif (L) and Dr. Dubrow (R) aren't sure they can help Bryan

Demands: 'I want the bridge more defined. I want it sharper,' Bryan says of his nose

Yikes: Dr. Nassif warns Bryan that part his nose will collapse if he has another rhinoplasty

Upset: The Britney fan looks distraught when he hears the news from Dr. Nassif

Vinny also notes that since he last appeared on the show, he's had his cheeks, brown bone, and lips done, 'you know, the normal alien maintenance.'

He has had more than 110 procedures to transform into a 'genderless' extra-terrestrial. The make-up artist believes he's neither male nor female and so his extreme look is a way to mirror how he feels inside.

Vinny started getting cosmetic procedures after feeling like an outcast while growing up. He got lip fillers at the age of 17, before having two rhinoplasties, multiple cheeks and brow bone fillers, and more.

The part-time model also wears large blackened contact lenses, alien like talons, and dyes his hair bright colors.

Last year he revealed he plant to fork out another $160,000 to have his genitalia, nipples and bellybutton removed.

Dedicated: Bryan has spent more than $80,000 on plastic surgery and cosmetic procedures to look like Britney Spears

Throwback: Bryan started emulating the 'Hit Me Baby, One More Time' singing superstar at 17

All smiles: Bryan pictured with the singer when they met for the first time on vacation in Hawaii

'I want to be a sexless alien being, I want my outside to reflect how I feel on the inside,' he said. 'The overall image I want to do is an alien. I want to be a hybrid, not male or female.

'I've wanted to be sexless and genderless since I was 17, I've been going to doctors to see if it's possible but had no luck.

'I don't want people to think I'm trying to change into a woman,' he added. 'I could live without sexual organs so why should I have a penis or a vagina? I don't see why I shouldn't have my genitals completely removed and have nothing down there.'

It's unclear if Vinny ended up going through with the procedure.

Like Vinny, Bryan has also spent thousands of dollars on plastic surgery, shilling out more than $80,000 to look like his idol Britney Spears.

Transformation: He's had more than 90 cosmetic procedures including a nose job, having fat injected into his cheeks, laser hair removal, lip fillers, Botox injections, and more

Dedicated: Bryan also splashes out $500 a month on lotions to keep his skin looking youthful

Bryan started emulating the 'Hit Me Baby, One More Time' singing superstar at 17, when he had veneers to match her smile.

Since then he's had more than 90 cosmetic procedures including a nose job, having fat injected into his cheeks, laser hair removal, lip fillers, Botox injections, and more.

As well as cosmetic procedures, he splashes out $500 a month on lotions to keep his skin looking youthful.

On Wednesday night's episode of Botched, he is looking to get his second rhinoplasty, explaining: 'Now is the perfect time that I get my perfect nose for my dream wedding.'

However, its unclear if the doctors will be willing to operate on him.

'Here is the issue, part of your nose will just go psst and collapse in,' Dr. Nassif tells Bryan in another preview clip from the episode.