Kim Kardashian tells Kourtney and pregnant Khloe 'you look like f***ing clowns' in KUWTK They make much of being devoted sisters.

But Kim Kardashian didn't hold back when she attacked Kourtney and pregnant Khloe's dress sense during a trip to Japan, calling them 'f***ing clowns'.

In a new clip from Sunday's upcoming episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians she sat her sisters down and told them: 'So I gotta be real with you guys. You look like f***ing clowns.'

Kim Kardashian tells Kourtney and pregnant Khloe 'you look like f***ing clowns' as she attacks their dress sense in KUWTK

Clowns? Kim attacked her sisters outfits during their Japan trip

'Oh!' replied her sisters, in obvious shock.

Kim was unrepentant. 'I'm not f***ing kidding. This is not like a tourist thing where it's Halloween, dress up like a f***ing Japanese geisha.'

Defending herself, Kourtney said: 'I thought my hair looked good last night and I thought my outfit was fun for Japan.'

Can you believe her? Khloe and Kourtney looked bemused at Kim's remarks

'You can be cooler': Kim didn't hold back when blasting her sisters

But Kim wasn't having it. 'Your outfit would have been great if you didn't have like blue eyeshadow.

'You have to tell the glam people. Everyone just thinks "Let's go full Japan" and probably the people that live here make fun of people like that.'

While her sisters had at first smiled at Kim's words, they grimaced as she added: 'I am literally cropping myself out.'

Defensive: Kourtney said she thought she looked fun and cute

On blast: Kourtney hit back at her sister in the video room

Kim then told Kourtney: 'You can be cooler.'

But Kourtney bit back, later telling the camera: 'You think I looked like a clown? well you look like you just won the Tour de France and you're cycling around town.'

Kim then decreed: 'I'm not telling you who to be or what to wear or anything. But I'm telling you who to be and what to wear. It could be time for a fashion overhaul so that you stay young and relevant.'

While Kim's comments may seem mean, she has said far worst in the past.

Indeed in the show's season premiere she labelled Kourtney 'the least exciting to look at' - a biting comment for a family who rely on their looks to make their money.

Keeping Up With The Kardashian is available to stream Mondays on hayu in the UK & Ireland

On blast: Kim had words for her sisters, saying they needed a fashion overhaul; the trio are seen in February