Jessica Alba dons unflattering denim at the Baby2Baby holiday bash in Beverly Hills with family Jessica Alba and her husband Cash Warren brought their three children to the Baby2Baby Holiday Party presented by denim brand Frame at Montage Beverly Hills on Sunday.

Aside from Christmas, the 37-year-old Golden Globe nominee is excited to celebrate son Hayes' first birthday on December 31 and the Pair of Thieves sock/underwear designer turns the big 4-0 on January 10.

The married couple of over a decade - who met on the 2004 set of Fantastic Four - are also parents of seven-year-old daughter Haven and 10-year-old daughter Honor.

Making merry! Jessica Alba and her husband Cash Warren brought their three children to the Baby2Baby Holiday Party presented by Frame at Montage Beverly Hills on Sunday

Festive season: Aside from Christmas, the 37-year-old Golden Globe nominee is excited to celebrate son Hayes' first birthday on December 31 and the Pair of Thieves sock/underwear designer turns the big 4-0 on January 10

Jessica tucked a silky green camisole into unflattering blue jeans featuring cut-off hems, and she wore a black blazer, purse, and booties.

Hairstylist Brittney Ryan coiffed Alba's 'Brigitte Bardot-inspired' hairdo while make-up artist Brittany Spyksma Howard applied her 'dramatic liner.'

'Thank you @frame @montagebh for helping us w throw our annual @baby2baby #holidayparty!' the Pomona-born beauty - who boasts 28.8M social media followers - wrote on Instagram.

'It's so meaningful to the families we serve - giving them great memories for their families, a Christmas they wouldn't otherwise be able to have and of course the essentials every child deserves.'

Met on the 2004 set of Fantastic Four: The married couple of over a decade are also parents of seven-year-old daughter Haven (2-L) and 10-year-old daughter Honor (2-R)

Styles herself: Jessica tucked a silky green camisole into unflattering blue jeans featuring cut-off hems, and she wore a black blazer, purse, and booties

Enlisted the Glam App: Hairstylist Brittney Ryan coiffed Alba's 'Brigitte Bardot-inspired' hairdo while make-up artist Brittany Spyksma Howard applied her 'dramatic liner'

The Pomona-born beauty wrote on Instagram: 'Thank you @frame @montagebh for helping us w throw our annual @baby2baby #holidayparty! It's so meaningful to the families we serve'

Starts streaming next spring! The No Activity guest star and Gabrielle Union (L) will play LAPD detectives Nancy McKenna and Syd Burnett in Spectrum's 13-episode Bad Boys spin-off, L.A.'s Finest (pictured Monday)

The No Activity guest star and Gabrielle Union will play LAPD detectives Nancy McKenna and Syd Burnett in a 13-episode Bad Boys spin-off, L.A.'s Finest, which starts streaming next spring on Spectrum.

L.A.'s Finest marks Jessica's first small-screen role since playing genetically-enhanced supersoldier Max Guevara/X5-452 in Dark Angel, which ran for two seasons (2000-2002) on Fox.

While at the bash, Alba posed with Grey Lady actress Rebecca Gayheart, who filed for divorce from her husband - The Last Ship star Eric Dane - in February after 14 years of marriage.

The Kentucky-born 47-year-old wore glasses and covered up in a b&w-dotted midi-dress while her daughter Georgia Geraldine looked festive in a present-patterned frock.

Separated: While at the bash, Alba posed with Grey Lady actress Rebecca Gayheart, who filed for divorce from her husband Eric Dane in February after 14 years of marriage

Mother-daughter duo: The Kentucky-born 47-year-old covered up in a b&w-dotted midi-dress while her daughter Georgia Geraldine looked festive in a present-patterned frock

Hands on! The former 'Noxzema Girl' and her nearly seven-year-old princess played with slime with another child (L), but there was no sign of her eight-year-old daughter Billie

The former 'Noxzema Girl' and her nearly seven-year-old princess played with slime with another child, but there was no sign of her eight-year-old daughter Billie Beatrice.

Speaking of divorce, Jenna Dewan - the estranged wife of Channing Tatum - turned up in a white-belted, blue floral dress and silver stilettos selected by stylist Brad Goreski.

The Connecticut-born 38-year-old wore her brunette bob down and she wore minimal make-up over her shiny complexion.

The former World of Dance host Insta-storied a video of her five-year-old daughter Everly enjoying the candy and 'holiday slime' inside the hotel.

Speaking of divorce: Jenna Dewan - the estranged wife of Channing Tatum - turned up in a white-belted, blue floral dress and silver stilettos selected by stylist Brad Goreski

Browsing toys: The Connecticut-born 38-year-old wore her brunette bob down and she wore minimal make-up over her shiny complexion

Sugar rush: The former World of Dance host Insta-storied a video of her five-year-old daughter Everly enjoying the candy and 'holiday slime' inside the hotel

Hey girl! Jenna later posed with Vanessa Bryant (L) - who has three daughters with retired NBA star Kobe Bryant - and an unidentified little boy (M)

Jenna later posed with Vanessa Bryant - who has three daughters with retired NBA star Kobe Bryant - and an unidentified little boy.

Rachel Zoe and her husband Rodger Berman - who met while students at George Washington University - brought their velvet-suited sons Skyler Morrison, 7; and Kaius Jagger, 5.

The 47-year-old designer matched her boys in black velvet bell bottoms, which she paired with a baggy T-shirt and zebra-print coat.

CNN host Lisa Ling and her radiation oncologist husband Paul Song brought their two daughters Jett Ling, 5; Ray Ling, 2.

Met while students at George Washington University: Rachel Zoe and her husband Rodger Berman brought their velvet-suited sons Skyler Morrison, 7; and Kaius Jagger, 5

Former reality star: The 47-year-old designer matched her boys in black velvet bell bottoms, which she paired with a baggy T-shirt and zebra-print coat

11 years strong! CNN host Lisa Ling and her radiation oncologist husband Paul Song brought their two daughters Jett Ling, 5; Ray Ling, 2

Comfortable footwear: The 45-year-old Emmy nominee paired her conservative black wrap dress with funky checkered Vans shoes

The 45-year-old Emmy nominee paired her conservative black wrap dress with funky checkered Vans shoes.

Mission: Impossible - Fallout actress Michelle Monaghan looked chic in a white collared black midi-dress and sensible ballet flats.

The 42-year-old Golden Globe nominee - who has two kids with graphic artist husband Peter White - presented the FRAME bag of goodies to her 'adopted' Baby2Baby family.

B&W beauty: Mission: Impossible - Fallout actress Michelle Monaghan looked chic in a white collared black midi-dress and sensible ballet flats

Giving: The 42-year-old Golden Globe nominee - who has two kids with graphic artist husband Peter White - presented the FRAME bag of goodies to her 'adopted' Baby2Baby family

Board of director: Jewelry designer Jennifer Meyer - who divorced Tobey Maguire last year - rocked a pair of her own earrings with a white floral mini-dress and beige suede booties

The women of the hour! Baby2Baby co-presidents Kelly Sawyer Patricof (L) and Norah Weinstein (R) posed with their unshaven fellow sponsor, Frame co-founder Jens Grede (M)

Charitable: Influencer Chriselle Lim and her radiation oncologist husband Allen Chen brought their nearly 4-year-old daughter Chloé but left their 3-month-old daughter Colette at home

Jewelry designer Jennifer Meyer - who divorced Tobey Maguire last year - rocked a pair of her own earrings with a white floral mini-dress and beige suede booties.

The women of the hour - Baby2Baby co-presidents Kelly Sawyer Patricof and Norah Weinstein - posed with their unshaven fellow sponsor, Frame co-founder Jens Grede.

Meanwhile, influencer Chriselle Lim and her radiation oncologist husband Allen Chen brought their nearly four-year-old daughter Chloé but left their three-month-old daughter Colette at home.