Meghan Markle arrives fashionably late in Cardiff, working another messy bun Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have arrived in Cardiff (albeit fashionably late) for their second joint royal engagement of 2018.

Harry and Megan’s train not quite an hour late so they won’t be eligible for a full refund. pic.twitter.com/u27NMV5J4B — JamieLinks (@JamieLinks) January 18, 2018

Despite train delays from London to the Welsh Capital, the pair arrived to bustling crowds of loyal fans with many having patiently waited since the early hours of the morning to catch a glimpse of the nation’s couple of the moment.

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle apologised to royal fans for their late arrival [Photo: Getty]

Upon arrival, the couple received a traditional lovespoon to mark their engagement by two local youngsters aptly named, Harry and Megan.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

And to mark the momentous occasion, the couple will later be given a tour of the capital’s castle which is hosting a Welsh culture festival in celebration of their visit.

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are coming to Cardiff today and fans are already out in numbers pic.twitter.com/FMnDHr8vFw — WalesOnline (@WalesOnline) January 18, 2018

This will also give Harry and Meghan the opportunity to meet with leading sportsmen and women, hear performances from Cardiff’s poets and musicians and also see how organisations are working tirelessly to preserve Welsh language and cultural identity.

They will then pay a visit to Tremorfa’s Star Hub leisure centre to garner a greater understanding of how the facility uses sport to engage with young people.

Meghan Markle greets crowds at Cardiff Castle [Photo: Getty]

During the tour, they will also see how local charity StreetGames (an organisation which Prince Harry has worked with before) helps disadvantaged communities participate in sport.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

To mark her first trip to Cardiff, Meghan donned an all-black ensemble accessorised with a pop of vivid green courtesy of her £295 Mini Venice bag by Demellier.

The royal-to-be stayed warm in a super chic satin-bowed Stella McCartney coat (yours from Harrods for a cool £1350) and gave a nod to Wales in a pair of tailored trousers by Welsh label Hiut Denim. She finished the look with a pair of boots by Tabitha Simmons.

And despite social media backlash, the former Suits actress stuck to her sartorial instincts and wore her hair up in another laid back bun. A subtle hint at a more relaxed approach to her soon-to-be royal status?

Prince Harry and his fiancee Meghan Markle are seen during a walkabout at Cardiff Castle on January 18, 2018 in Cardiff, Wales.

Culture Minister Lord-Elis Thomas revealed that it is a ‘real privilege’ to share Cardiff’s culture with the couple today.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

He added, “I hope to see this visit provides a taste of the variety and quality of what’s on offer here in Wales. Indeed, our royal Welsh welcome extends well beyond this visit and we’d be only too pleased to highlight the magnificence of other parts of Wales in future.”





Follow us on Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter for nonstop inspiration delivered fresh to your feed, every day.

Read more from Yahoo Style UK:

Meghan Markle deletes social media accounts in run-up to royal wedding

Meghan Markle dons sparkly tiara in newly resurfaced prom photo

The ‘Meghan Markle Effect’ is in full swing and already worth a cool £500 million