Violetta Komyshan recounts how she met Ansel Elgort Violetta Komyshan has revealed how she and her boyfriend Ansel Elgort met back in high school—and it all began with a slight misunderstanding.

The ballerina, 21, met the Baby Driver star, who is now 23, back when both of them were students at Fiorello H. LaGuardia School. Located in New York City, the school is famous for its performing arts program, which has clearly benefited Violetta and her beau.

Ansel and Violetta's romance began when Violetta, unaware that Ansel went to the same school as her, spotted the budding actor and immediately noticed his good looks.

Memories: Violetta Komyshan has revealed how she and her boyfriend Ansel Elgort met back in high school, when both of them were attending Fiorello H. LaGuardia School

Past: The ballerina, 21, met the Baby Driver star, who is now 23, back when both of them were students at the New York City school, which is famous for its performing arts program

'I think he had his eye on me, because we were in the same lunch period or something,' she told Cosmopolitan in a new interview.

'[One day freshman year] I was with my friend, and he was walking down the block. I didn't even know he went to my school—I just thought he was really attractive.'

Luckily, a friend of Violetta's was there to tell her more about the mysterious stranger.

'I looked at him and told my friend, "Oh my God, that guy's so hot," and she's like, "Oh that's Ansel, he goes to LaGuardia,"' Violetta added.

'Then he walked up to us and said, "What's good?" and [mimes a fist bump]. I thought he liked her!'

Although she was originally convinced Ansel was on his way to developing a crush on her friend, the actor's behavior made it clear he was in fact interested in getting to know Violetta better.

'He waited for me [after school] the next day and told our friend to introduce us and I was like, "OK, he totally liked me yesterday,"' the ballerina said.

'Then I made her come with us to Starbucks. We exchanged numbers and became friends, and then we started dating when I was at the end of sophomore year.'

Origin story: Ansel and Violetta's romance began when Violetta (pictured with Ansel last month in Sydney, Australia), spotted the budding actor and noticed his good looks

Duo: Violetta (pictured in an Instagram snap taken behind the scenes while Ansel was shooting Baby Driver) first thought the actor had a crush on her friend

It worked out: But Ansel waited for her after school the next day, and Violetta realized he was, in fact, interested in getting to know her better

Being the girlfriend of a high-profile actor means Violetta sometimes has to deal with abusive comments from some of his fans, especially on social media. The dancer has an impressive 838,000 followers on Instagram.

Violetta, who said she occasionally gets comments such as 'You're ugly', doesn't pay them much attention.

'There's no substance to those little comments they make,' she said. 'Sometimes they'll insult what I'm wearing or something, but who cares? It's fashion, whatever. I just stay away from that.'

Nowadays, Violetta says she get much more positive feedback than negative remarks, with plenty of social media users gushing over how cute the couple is.

The social media star also revealed that Ansel, the son of the American fashion photographer Arthur Elgort, is behind a lot of the pictures that have appeared on her feed.

'He takes a lot of my photos,' she said. 'He really knows when I look genuinely happy and beautiful. His dad's a photographer, and [Ansel] really learned how to use a camera growing up. He knows my light, he knows everything. He could just be my personal photographer and he'd be great at it because he's so good.'

Snaps: Violetta and Ansel regularly share pictures of themselves together on social media, and sometimes write cute messages for their significant other on their own platforms

Backlash: Being the girlfriend of a high-profile actor means Violetta sometimes has to deal with abusive comments from some of his fans, especially on social media

Handling it: But nowadays, Violetta (pictured with Ansel at a basketball game last year in New York City) says she get much more positive feedback than negative remarks

Violetta and Ansel regularly share pictures of themselves together on social media, and sometimes write cute messages for their significant other on their own platforms.

Last month, Ansel posted a couple of photos of his girlfriend, pointing out in the caption that he's been 'obsessed with her since high school'. The post remains one of Violetta's favorites.

'I was like, "Awww." Which is true, we've been together like six years!' she added.

The dancer and social media sensation also admitted to editing her photos before she posts them, and revealed she loves the app VSCO for that purpose.

'Sometimes if I have too many pimples or something—we all have problems with our skin sometimes—I'll edit that out, but only if it's really visible,' she said.

'I love pretty photos, that's it—so if a filter makes it prettier, I'll do it. I'll brighten it a little just to make it pop more—make the sky more blue or make the grass more green.'