Alyssa Milano, Viola Davis and more stars speak at the 2018 Women's March Updated Jan. 20, 2018, 4:53 p.m. ET

From New York to Los Angeles, women are gathering for the Women's March 2018 — and celebrities are joining in.

Stars are speaking up across the nation Saturday to advocate for change, bring awareness to the #MeToo movement and more.

Here's what some of them are saying:

Alyssa Milano

The actress and vocal #MeToo supporter focused on democracy during her speech at the Women's March in Atlanta.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

"Voting is how we prove that our country is so much bigger and kinder than one man that is in the White House," she said, referencing President Trump. "The good news is that in a democracy like ours, the real power is not with him, it is with you."

She also led the crowd in a "I believe that we will win" chant before leaving the stage.

Natalie Portman

During her speech in Los Angeles, the actress said she cultivated a “nerdy, prudish” image from a young age to protect herself in her career.

Viola Davis

“No one and nothing will be great unless it costs you something," Davis said in Los Angeles.

Halsey

In lieu of a speech, the singer shared a somber poem about rape during the Women's March in New York.

"He held her down with her textbooks beside her and he covered her mouth," she recited.

Listen to the full poem in the video above (Warning: some NSFW language).

Asia Argento

The Italian actress, one of the first women to accuse Harvey Weinstein of sexual assault, showed her solidarity for the protection of women's rights with her fist raised during the march in Rome.

Whoopi Goldberg

"The only way we’re going to make a change is if we commit to change," Goldberg said during the march in New York. "We have to decide that the people who represent us have to represent all of us. They can’t represent some of us."

Eva Longoria, Amber Tamblyn and Patricia Arquette were also among thousands of activists across the country marching this weekend.

Contributing: Andrea Mandell