'America's Got Talent': A Techno Magician, a Daredevil Clown, and a Teenage Singer Impress the Judge The 12th season of America's Got Talent is still going strong with a new night of astounding auditions on Tuesday, which saw some incredible musical performances, a few amazing dance crews and a magic trick that will blow your mind.

The 12th season of America's Got Talent is still going strong with a new night of astounding auditions on Tuesday, which saw some incredible musical performances, a few amazing dance crews and a magic trick that will blow your mind.

While the coveted Golden Buzzer is usually saved for the end of the episode, host Tyra Banks rang it early this week after she was wowed by the Light Balance Ukrainian dance crew, who delivered a psychedelic, LED-lit routine in the dark that the judges called "absolutely brilliant."

However, the South Korean dance group Just Jerk gave them run for their money.

The group of dancers admitted that they will soon have to break up for two years because they are obligated to spend two years in the South Korean military, so their AGT performance could very well be their last big shot.

They promised to show the judges "something they have never seen before," and they certainly delivered on that promise with a perfectly timed, brilliantly choreographed routine where their movements and motions as a group seemed to meld them into one fluid entity.

While they might not have gotten the golden buzzer, they certainly got four yes votes from the judges and will move on to the next round of competition.

Up next was a master of technological wizardry named Tom London, who grew up loving two things in life: magic and computers. Using his talents for both, the English prestidigitator pulled off a slow-burn magic trick that wowed the judges, and has to be seen to be believed.

While the amazing illusion took a while to ramp up, the incredible conclusion was enough to make all the judges believe that magic might just be real, and London got four yes votes to continue on.

There have been quite a few magicians auditioning this season, but there seems to be even more clowns coming out of the woodwork to show off their talents. From funny clowns to sad clowns to goofy clowns to downright disturbing clowns -- the last thing Simon Cowell wanted to see on Tuesday was another one.

But Bello Nock is not your normal clown. While he's got the bizarre make-up and over-the-top costume, this particular clown is a wild and crazy daredevil who showed what set him apart from other jesters by climbing to the top of a 30-foot-tall pole in a death-defying stunt that terrified the judges and won over the crowd.

While Nock won over most of the judges, Cowell was not as impressed and voted no. In an effort to change his mind, the daredevil made a bold promise to make his next stunt even crazier -- he said he'd be willing to get shot out of a cannon over a helicopter. The possibility seemed to impress Cowell, and he ended up switching his vote to a yes, sending Nock to the next round.

In true AGT form, the show saved the most emotional performance for last, with a 13-year-old singer named Evie Clair, whose heartbreaking story brought the audience to tears.

Clair comes from the small town of Florence, Arizona, where her dad works at one of the local prisons. A year ago, her father was diagnosed with stage-4 colon cancer, and given a five percent chance of survival.

"He still continued working and supporting our family," Clair recalled, as tears rolled down her face. "So tonight I'm here to sing for him."

The AGT hopeful delivered a beautiful cover of Christina Perri's "Arms," which is the song she sings to her dad whenever he's having a tough time during his battle with cancer.

"I sing him this song to help him feel better, and just to give him comfort and strength to continue fighting," Clair explained.

It was one of the most emotional AGT auditions we've seen this season, and the raw, heartfelt performance earned Clair a standing ovation and the votes she needed to move on to the next round.

This season is shaping up to be one of the most amazing AGTs in years. Check out the video below for a look at some of the other amazing auditions over the last few weeks.