Bella Hadid Shares Adorable Video While Surprising Her Sick Grandmother In Holland For Her Birthday After weeks jetting off to Mexico, Dubai, Paris and Italy to walk down the iconic Spanish Steps in Rome for a new perfume campaign, you'd think the last thing model Bella Hadid would want to do is jump on yet another long-haul flight from the US to Europe.

However, a bit of jet lag wasn't going to stop the 20-year-old flying to Holland with her mother, Yolanda, to surprise her grandmother – who is currently battling cancer – for her birthday.

Getty Images

Over the weekend, the face of Dior Make-up shared a video of the family's special moment, in which Bella can be seen carrying a bunch of flowers and walking into her relative's room to surprise her with a big hug.

The Californian beauty captioned the video: 'Nothing will ever beat this love. I took off of work for the past 3 days to surprise my beautiful Oma in Holland on her birthday. She is going through the hardest struggle of her life battling cancer again but I know for a fact she is the strongest woman i have ever met.'

She added: 'Today is my last day with my family here in Holland and the last thing I want to do is leave...But I will, so I can work my hardest and come back soon.

'Times like these are so important to me and I wouldn't give them up for the world. Happy birthday Oma...Thank you for birthing and raising my perfect mother into the woman she is today,' she concluded.

The model's post comes days after her little bother, Anwar, celebrated his 18th birthday.

Last week, she shared a photograph of her and her brother when they were younger and captioned the adorable snap: 'Happy birthday my sweet angel. Your love and light is worth all of the stars in the sky! I'm so proud of the man you have become and are becoming. I'm so proud and lucky to call you my brother.

'Nobody loves you more than me my mini me. forever and ever and ever x infinity .. 18 years you're still my best friend and favorite man!' she added.

Could Bella be any cuter right now?

Related Story Bella Freud\'s 5 Rules Of Style To Live By

Related Story The Weeknd Had a Perfect Instagram BF Moment