The Boot-Cut Is Back! Will You Kick Your Skinny Jeans to the Curb? A cursory glance at the Spring ’16 collections reveals that fashion is in the midst of a major shift. The minimalism that ruled the runways (and our wardrobes) for the better part of five years has been replaced by a cobbled-together, anything-goes sensibility; now more than ever, women are being encouraged to mix, match, and wear only what they love. To many of us, Gucci’s glittering knits and Vetements’s tablecloth boots are an invitation to get creative—but to the uninitiated, it could all simply read as tacky. The concept of “good” vs. “bad” taste has been of recent debate here in the Vogue offices—how do you determine what’s chic and what isn’t? Or is some degree of tackiness the secret to inspired style?

The continued ’90s revival indicates the answer is yes—and that counts for denim, too. Super-wide ’70s flares and faded Levi’s 501s are great, but those looking to make a quieter, less literal statement may want to consider the oft-forgotten boot-cut jean. More curve-hugging than a flare but longer and leaner than a straight-leg, it nails the tricky middle ground between familiar and au courant. “The boot-cut is back!” says Kelly Connor, Vogue.com’s resident denim expert. “They’re flattering, lengthening, and perfect for those who aren’t so into the full, high-rise flares we’ve been seeing everywhere.”



Jane Birkin Photo: Getty Images

While images of denim icons like Françoise Hardy and Jane Birkin instantly spring to mind, Connor’s personal boot-cut muses might surprise you. “I love the boot-cut jeans of the early ’00s—Britney Spears, Halle Berry, and all those glossy blondes from The Hills and Laguna Beach,” she says. “In retrospect, Kristin Cavallari was quite chic and ahead of her time!”

Perhaps boot-cut jeans are refreshing because they are considered a tad tacky. Or maybe it’s because we haven’t worn them in a while; chances are you’ve got a pair tucked away in the back of your closet. Either way, there’s no denying the thigh-slimming, rear-lifting powers of a fitted, dark-rinse, mid- or high-rise jean that kicks out just below the knee. The sharp, sleek silhouette will quickly upgrade the chunky sweaters, lace blouses, and anything else you’re buying this fall—not to mention the obvious choice: a great pair of boots.