'Total Divas' Star Brie Bella's Milk Production Took 'a Huge Dip' While Breastfeeding Her Daughter Brie Bella, WWE wrestler and star of both Total Divas and Total Bellas, shared last year that she produced more breast milk than she needed after having her daughter, Birdie—so much so, that she donated her extra milk to help babies at her local hospital. But now, Bella revealed that she eventually struggled to produce as much milk as she used to.

“My breast milk’s taken a huge dip,” she said at a breastfeeding support group, as seen in a sneak peek from Wednesday’s episode of Total Divas.

“I used to have enough where I donate. And now I’ve realized in the last month that I can’t even keep up with her during the day so I’ve had to introduce one bottle of formula a day," she continued. "I’m trying to pump and do all this stuff, but it’s the stress—I hate pumping, to the point it makes me feel bad when I’m doing it because I’m so miserable.”

Bella also said in the clip that she struggled with “mom guilt” over her milk production, adding that it’s “the worst feeling in the world.”

“I thought pumping could balance Birdie and my job but it’s not working,” she said. “It’s weird how you just constantly feel like you’re failing.”

Your breast milk usually works on a "supply and demand" schedule. So if there's less demand, the supply will go down as well.

For instance, "if the baby starts sleeping through the night or if mom is back to work and not breastfeeding or pumping as much as she was, milk supply can drop," Diane L. Spatz, Ph.D., a professor of perinatal nursing at the University of Pennsylvania and nurse researcher at The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, tells SELF.

Or, “if the baby drinks less milk, or formula is introduced instead of breast milk, the supply can dwindle,” Joan Younger Meek, M.D., R.D., chairwoman of the American Academy of Pediatrics Section on Breastfeeding and associate dean for Graduate Medical Education at Florida State University College of Medicine, tells SELF.

Certain medications, like hormonal birth control, can also affect your milk supply, as can fatigue or stress, Joanne Goldbort, Ph.D., R.N., a breastfeeding researcher and assistant professor in the College of Nursing at Michigan State University, tells SELF. And if you get your period when you're nursing, you may also see a drop in your milk supply during that time, Spatz says.