Botched patient is left with deformed boobs after surgery A woman was left with completely deformed breasts after three consecutive surgeries that left her nipples seemingly attached directly onto her chest.

Chanel, a patient on Botched, appears in a preview segment from the show published ahead of Thursday's episode.

Doctors Terry Dubrow and Paul Nassif can first be seen examining photos of Chanel and discussing her case, with Dubrow sounding especially alarmed by what he's seeing.

Scroll down for video

Procedures: Chanel, a patient on Botched, was left with completely deformed breasts after three consecutive surgeries that left her nipples seemingly attached directly onto her chest

Beginnings: The patient (pictured) had a breast augmentation, her original surgery, in 1999, after she turned 21 and wast 'really happy' with the results at the time

'They're at the very bottom of her breast tissue,' he says in reference to Chanel's nipples.

Describing the situation further, the surgeon adds: 'The nipples are being tethered right to the chest wall at the breast crease.'

After pointing out that Chanel is 'missing breast tissue', a frustrated Dubrow asks his colleague to let Chanel in.

The patient then explains she had a breast augmentation, her original surgery, in 1999, after she turned 21. Back then, everything seemed to be going well and she was 'really happy' with the results.

Evolution: But went Chanel (pictured) got pregnant, she says in a preview clip published on Thursday, her breasts turned into 'pancakes', marking the beginning of her troubles

Problems: After the pregnancy, 'one was droopy and then one looked bigger,' Chanel recounts in the video about her breasts. Her doctor at the time recommended she get a breast lift

Getting worse: Chanel (pictured entering her consultation with Doctors Terry Dubrow and Paul Nassif) took that advice, but the procedure didn't go as well as she'd hoped

'It went perfect,' she says of the breast augmentation. 'It took me from an A to a C and they were beautiful.'

But went Chanel got pregnant, she adds, her breasts turned into 'pancakes'.

'They deflated,' Dubrow comments with a knowing look.

'One was droopy and then one looked bigger,' Chanel recounts. Her doctor at the time recommended she get a breast lift.

Chanel took that advice, but the procedure didn't go as well as she'd hoped. That's when her breasts started getting 'a little bent in', she explains in the video.

'Scar tissue formed it sucked the lower portion of the breast tissue in,' Dubrow adds.

Fresh start? After the lift, Chanel's breasts started to get a little 'bent in', she explains in the clip, so she decided to have the implants removed altogether

Complications: But removing breast implants can actually cause the immune system to 'continue the contraction process', Dubrow explains in the video

At that point, Chanel decided she would be happy to go back to her original 32 A size, hoping things would return to normal—but they didn't.

'Sometimes, when you take the implant out, it induces the immune system to continue the contraction process and can actually make it look even worse,' Dubrow explains.

Chanel did consult plastic surgeons to try to restore her breast's appearance, but she weight more than 282 pounds, which kept her from undergoing a new procedure.

She has lost significant weight over the last two and a half years, and now finds that she is 'ready' to handle another surgery.

The preview segment ends with Nassif apparently determined to help Chanel, saying she is an 'incredible person' who 'deserves help'.