Gigi Hadid rocks cut-out black gown for Michael Kors NYFW show Gigi and Bella Hadid took the Michael Kors runway show by storm on Wednesday as they led the Spring Summer 2019 showcase.

The famous siblings were pictured in monochrome looks as they sauntered down the catwalk during New York Fashion Week.

Gigi, 23, rocked a black cutout gown which featured a sequined bralette attached to a long flowing skirt.

Model behavior: Gigi and Bella Hadid ruled the runway for the Michael Kors Spring Summer 2019 catwalk show during NYFW on Wednesday

Her blonde locks were styled to look slightly damp and fell in waves around her shoulders.

Bella, 21, sauntered down the catwalk in a white blazer and matching shorts, with a long black blouse worn underneath.

Her dark tresses were covered in a plain black bandanna.

Both models sported a pared down makeup look.

Leading the way: Gigi, 23, rocked a black cutout gown which featured a sequined bralette attached to a long flowing skirt

All eyes on her: Her blonde locks were styled to look slightly damp and fell in waves around her shoulders

Au naturale: Both models sported a pared down makeup look

The monochrome-theme show was hosted at Pier 17 and attracted a star-studded crowd including Nicole Kidman, Sofia Richie, Catherine Zeta-Jones and Iman.

After the show the duo were spotted on the streets of Manhattan.

Bella showed off her enviable physique in a creamy crop top and pink mini skirt as sister Gigi, 23, took to the sidewalk wearing a gorgeous all-white ensemble complete with a lacy duster.

Strutting her stuff: Bella, 21, sauntered down the catwalk in a white blazer and matching shorts, with a long black blouse worn underneath

Fashion: The monochrome-theme show was hosted at Pier 17 and featured Kors' Spring Collection for 2019

Walk it out: Bella showed her style credentials off the runway and on to city streets after the Michael Kors Spring 2019 show on Wednesday in New York

Bella's chic look was certainly on trend as she flashed her long legs in a rose-hued mini skirt worn high atop her hips.

Her slender waistline was on display as she rocked a fuzzy white crop top with a high neckline.

The youngest daughter of Yolanda and Mohamed Hadid kept her shoulders covered with a retro-inspired blazer to match her tiny skirt.

Dressed for success: The 21-year-old beauty showed off her enviable physique in a creamy crop top paired with a pink mini skirt and blazer combo

Leggy lady: Ever a fan of the fashion scene, Bella made sure to strap on her new favorite accessory: a pair of chunky trainers to match her feminine outfit

Bright: Gigi's looked angelic as ever wearing a long lacy duster paired with matching high-waisted slacks

Ever a fan of the fashion scene, Bella made sure to strap on her new favorite accessory: a pair of chunky trainers to match her feminine outfit.

Gigi's looked angelic as ever wearing a long lacy duster paired with matching high-waisted slacks.

She added a casual element to her look with a crisp white T-shirt tucked into the top of her trousers.

Her chic ensemble was complete with a pair of tan suede booties to match a fluffy camel-colored purse.

Beaming: She added a casual element to her look with a crisp white T-shirt tucked into the top of her trousers

Lovely: Her chic ensemble was complete with a pair of tan suede booties to match a fluffy camel-colored purse