Madelaine Petsch Uses $14 Pacifica Eyebrow Gel Madelaine Petsch is the actor/redhead/villain/heroine/human of my dreams. I mean, aside from being phenomenal as Cheryl Blossom in Riverdale, Petsch is also a makeup and skin addict, talking quite candidly about her beauty routine in interviews. The most recent product favorite of Petsch’s? A $14 eyebrow gel. Yes, that's finally something you can afford.

The Details

In a video posted to her YouTube channel, Petsch broke down her summer beauty look with a makeup tutorial, showing fans exactly how she conceals her skin (with Tarte Shape Tape, of course), contours her eyes (with Wander Beauty Catch the Light Highlighter), and, of course, fills in her signature thick brows. Her favorite product? Pacifica Stunning Brows Eyebrow Gloss in Golden Brown.

"It's a really nice, cruelty-free brand,” says Petsch in the video, before applying the gel. “I kinda just lightly brush the hairs up for a nice full brow that I don't have naturally." And unlike brow gels that tend to be gloopy or thick (you know—the ones that leave marks on your brow bones), Pacifica’s formula is lightweight and relatively sheer, using sunflower seed oil to smooth hair and add shine, along with a sheer does of golden-brown pigments for color.

Article continues below

(Image credit: Courtesy of Brand)

Basically, if you’re looking for a subtle wash of color across your brows, this formula is an excellent pick. Still, because it doesn’t contain any thickening fibers (like many brow gels do), I’d recommend filling in your brows with a pencil or powder, first, to define the shape and add some bulk.

Watch the rest of Petsch’s tutorial, below, and then recreate the look on yourself! I can’t promise you’ll look like a Riverdale star by the time you’re done, but, hey, it can’t hurt to try.

- YouTube Watch On

RELATED STORY (Image credit: Kat Wirsing) Madelaine Petsch on Her New Sunaglasses Collection

Stay In The Know Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more. Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands Receive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsors