Kourtney Kardashian poses in a bikini on Egyptian getaway She missed her little sister Kylie Jenner's 20th birthday celebration as she enjoys a sun-soaked Egyptian vacation with her toyboy beau.

But Kourtney Kardashian didn't look as though she was missing home too much as she posted a series of smouldering snaps and Snapchat videos from the couple's dream break.

Posing in a barely-there black bikini and khaki hotpants, the reality star, 38, seemed to be having a blast as she enjoyed her break with her man Younes Bendjima, 23.

Scroll down for video

Beach body ready! Kourtney Kardashian, 38, posed in a barely-there black bikini as she continues to enjoy her Egyptian getaway with toyboy beau Younes Bendjima, 23

Hello, gorgeous! Enjoying the view, the mother-of-three posted a shot of her boyfriend's sculpted torso as the couple relaxed on a luxury yacht

Enjoying the view, the mother-of-three posted a shot of her boyfriend's sculpted torso as the couple relaxed on a luxury yacht.

Kourtney also uploaded a video of herself lounging about on the same vessel, arcing up one of her toned legs as the wind flung her hair round.

Showing off her cleavage and his chiseled chest, another selfie showed the pair strolling across a tiled floor as they headed out to dinner.

But aside from their beach days, the couple have been enjoying the more cultural side of Egypt too.

Taking in the vista! Kourtney missed her little sister Kylie Jenner's 20th birthday celebration as she enjoys a sun-soaked Egyptian vacation with her toyboy beau

Relaxation! The reality star also uploaded a brief video that Thursday of herself lounging about on the same vessel, arcing up one of her toned legs as the wind flung her hair round

Side by side! Showing off her cleavage and his chiseled chest, another selfie showed the pair strolling across a tiled floor as they headed out to dinner

Let me take a selfie! Kourtney posed in bikini bottoms and a tie-up top as she snapped away in front of the mirror for another selfie

Kourtney and Younes have been joined by pals on the trip, including Command PR owner and Kardashian family friend Simon Huck.

Simon posted an Instagram photo on Wednesday of himself and Kourtney standing in front of the iconic Sphinx of Giza.

Of course, being in Giza, they couldn't miss out on posing in front of the Great Pyramids as well.

Smiling ear to ear! Kourtney seemed to be having a fabulous time on her vacation

Iconic! The couple have been joined by pals on the trip, including Command PR owner and Kardashian family friend Simon Huck, who's posed with Kourtney in front of the Sphinx of Giza

'is on some Indiana Jones s***': Being in Giza, they couldn't miss out on posing in front of the Pyramids, which Younes has done for a photo he's posted to Instagram on Wednesday

Sextet! Another friend, Phil Riportella, posted a photo on Wednesday of himself, Kourtney, Younes, Simon and two other friends with one pyramid looming behind them

Humping along: The group went on a camel ride to see the pyramids earlier this week

Another friend, Phil Riportella, posted a photo on Wednesday of himself, Kourtney, Younes, Simon and two other friends with one pyramid looming behind them.

Meanwhile, Kourtney's younger half-sister Kylie Jenner officially kicked off her 20th birthday festivities Wednesday night as she attended Kendrick Lamar's concert for the third time in a week in downtown Los Angeles.

The birthday girl - who turned 20 on Thursday - was joined backstage at Staples Center by her momager Kris, big sister Kendall, and half-sisters Khloé Kardashian and Kim Kardashian West.

The Lip Kit mogul got an affectionate hug from her new rapper flame, Travis Scott, who opened for The Damn Tour's three-night stand in LA alongside D.R.A.M.

Growing up: Birthday girl Kylie Jenner (R) was joined at the Staples Center by her mum Kris (L), big sister Kendall (2R), and half-sisters Khloé (2L) and Kim Kardashian (M) on Wednesday

Posing with a bag of Dippin' Dots: Kylie and her 21-year-old model sibling are being sued over their $125 'Rap vs. Rock' T-shirts following Kendall's tone-deaf Pepsi commercial

Capturing much of the action was 33-year-old Khloé, who will celebrate her first anniversary with Cleveland Cavaliers center Tristan Thompson next month.

For her special night, Kylie dressed down in a white tank mini-dress beneath a matching hoodie and sneakers selected by stylist Jill Jacobs.

The Keeping Up with the Kardashians stunner - whose BFF Jordyn Woods never left her side - also sported waist-length hair extensions by Tokyo Stylez as she treated herself to a bag of Dippin' Dots.

Though her sweet choice certainly wasn't reflective of the glamour inside her bash, as Snapchat posts revealed that there was also an ice sculpture of Kylie's hourglass figure, which her included her famous derriere.

PDA: The Lip Kit mogul got an affectionate hug from her new rapper flame, Travis Scott, who opened for The Damn Tour's three-night stand in LA alongside D.R.A.M.

'20!' Kylie officially kicked off her 20th birthday festivities Wednesday night at the Kendrick Lamar concert in downtown Los Angeles

Also spotted heading inside the venue was the Jenners' pal Hailey Baldwin rocking Daisy Dukes and thigh-high boots.

Kylie previously spoke about their tight friendship in Sunday's Life of Kylie premiere, announcing: 'I see Kendall, Bella [Hadid], and Hailey - they're out here every day, they just put their outfits together, they're made for this.

'I just feel like this fame thing is going to come to an end sooner than we think. I just don't know who I'm doing it for. Sometimes I wish I can do what they do. But that's not me.'

Comfort over style: For her special night, Kylie dressed down in a white tank mini-dress beneath a matching hoodie and sneakers selected by stylist Jill Jacobs

Smooch: Capturing much of the action was 33-year-old Khloé, who will celebrate her first anniversary with Cleveland Cavaliers center Tristan Thompson next month

Earlier on Wednesday, Kylie - who who boasts 138.7M social media followers - shared Instagrams of herself lounging poolside in a nude string bikini while visiting Kris' Hidden Hills mansion.

The sultry snaps only highlighted how much the selfie enthusiast's appearance has dramatically changed since she was a Sierra Canyon School cheerleader back in 2012.

Kylie has admitted to having artificially-plumping lip injections from cosmetic dermatologist Dr. Simon Ourian at his Beverly Hills clinic Epione.

Babe: Earlier on Wednesday, Kylie shared Instagrams of herself lounging poolside in a nude string bikini while visiting Kris' Hidden Hills mansion

The star has since gone on to launch her own cosmetics line.

According to Women's Wear Daily, the Time of the Twins author's company Kylie Cosmetics has amassed $420 million in retail sales and she's projected to hit $1 billion by 2022.

Fans can catch more of the millionaire millennial on her eight-episode spin-off Life of Kylie, which airs Sundays on E!

Kylie's family will also compete for a reality TV trophy at the fan-voted Teen Choice Awards, which airs this Sunday on Fox.