The Bachelorette's Rachel Lindsay shows off svelte waist She recently revealed she is indeed engaged after starring as The Bachelorette.

And Rachel Lindsay was more than happy to show off the dainty silver band she's been wearing as a placeholder for her actual Neil Lane engagement ring during an appearance on Extra in Universal City on Tuesday.

The 32-year-old lawyer-reality star looked so in love and gorgeous in a chic black tank top, trousers and silver chain belt.

Has a nice ring to it! Rachel Lindsay was more than happy to show off the dainty silver band she's been wearing as a placeholder for her actual Neil Lane engagement ring during an appearance on Extra in Universal City on Tuesday

Wearing her raven locks down in loose curls, the reality star couldn't stop smiling as she promoted the show on which she found her fiancee on.

'I'm so excited... I can't hide it!' Rachel said when Mario asked why she revealed the relationship status. 'They're like, "Just tell 'em! Just tell 'em!" I want to tell you who, but I can't go that far.'

Rachel said fans were in for a surprise with the 'Neil Lane bling' when Mario gestured towards her band.

The Bachelorette premiered just one night ago, and as for now, Rachel said she's focusing more on her engagement rather than a wedding.

Can't hide that smile! The Bachelorette looked so in love

There it is! Mario pointed to the star's delicate silver band

Though, she did admit: 'I think I want a big wedding, I have a huge family and I want everybody to come!'

Rachel said she was also open to tying the knot on television.

'I wouldn't throw it out,' she said. 'I am willing to do it, but now I'm just focused on the engagement.'

Hello gorgeous! Wearing her raven locks down in loose curls, the reality star couldn't stop smiling as she promoted the show on which she found her fiancee on

Bride-to-be: The Bachelorette premiered just one night ago, and as for now, Rachel said she's focusing more on her engagement rather than a wedding

Rachel previously appeared on season 21 of The Bachelor starring Nick Viall.

The Dallas based lawyer was unveiled as The Bachelorette near the end of Nick's season.

It was a busy day for the star, who is in full promo mode before the shows airs on Monday night on ABC.

Heart to heart: Lindsay previously appeared on season 17 of The Bachelor starring Nick Viall

She's the star! The Dallas based lawyer was unveiled as The Bachelorette near the end of Nick's season

Following her appearance on Extra, Rachel made her way to Dodger Stadium where she threw out the first pitch at the St. Louis Cardinals vs. Los Angeles Dodgers game.

The Dallas-born reality star looked cute in a pair of ripped black jeans.

She also wore a Dodgers jersey and black sneakers.

Play ball: Following her appearance on Extra, Rachel made her way to Dodger Stadium where she threw out the first pitch at the St. Louis Cardinals vs. Los Angeles Dodgers game

Feeling unsure: Although she appeared nervous at first, her nerves quickly turned to jubilation after throwing out the pitch

Looking the part: The Dallas-born reality star look cute in a pair of ripped black jeans. She also wore a Dodgers jersey and black sneakers

Pitch perfect: The Texan lawyer took her best shot as she threw out the first pitch at the St. Louis Cardinals vs. Los Angeles Dodgers game

A blue Dodgers cap was worn backwards over her long dark hair.

Although she appeared nervous at first, her nerves quickly turned to jubilation after throwing out the pitch.

She could be seen adorably jumping up and down with excitement after successfully tossing the ball.