Brian Austin Green wants another baby with Megan Fox He might be a father-of-four, but Brian Austin Green isn't done with fatherhood just yet.

In fact the Beverly Hills, 90210 star is making plans to have a fifth child - although he would prefer a girl, if he's honest.

'I want a girl,' Green admitted in an interview with Hollywood Pipeline's Dax Holt. 'I really want a girl.'

Noah, four, Bodhi, three, and Journey, one.

'I really want a girl!' Brian Austin Green would love another baby with Megan Fox... making him a father of five; the couple are seen in July with sons Noah, four, Bodhi, three, and Journey, one

Green has 15-year-old son Kassius, from a previous relationship and along with wife Megan is father to sons Noah, four, Bodhi, three, and Journey, one.

'I'm worried that if I try I’ll just get another boy,' he said. 'Not just because I love my boys, but I’ll have another boy and I don’t know if I’m ready for five.'

And he joked: 'I have four boys now, a fifth is a basketball team,' he joked. 'So that would be kind of awesome.'

Handsome couple: It's not clear what Megan thinks of her husband's plan to expand their family

It's not clear what Megan thinks of her husband's plan to expand their family.

However the Transformers star is clearly happy with the sons she has.

On Monday she shared a throwback photo of her husband and gushed about how good-looking he was in his youthful heyday.

'Thank you for donating your DNA to the shared dream of birthing our own colony of teen heart throbs. #mcm #colonymission,' the actress, 31, wrote.

Father of four: Green has 15-year-old son Kassius, from a previous relationship

She and Green, 44, have been married since 2010, although they dated for six years before tying the knot.

In 2015, Fox filed for divorce but the two have since reconciled.

In the throwback snap, Green is seen with triple earrings and gelled hair.

#mcm: Megan shared a throwback photo of Brian to her Instagram on Monday and gushed about how good-looking he was in his Beverly Hills, 90210 heyday

He is posed with a furrowed brow and chiseled jaw.

Green starred for a decade as David Silver on Beverly Hills, 90210, winning a cult fan following.

Most recently he was seen in a recurring role opposite Charlie Sheen on the sitcom Anger management from 2012 to 2014.