Luann de Lesseps steps out after announcing divorce 'Real Housewives of New York' star Luann de Lesseps ended her marriage after discovering her husband of just seven months had cheated on her twice, DailyMail.com revealed on Thursday.

And now the reality star has broken her silence since the shocking announcement.

The 52-year-old took to Twitter on Friday as she wrote: 'Thank you for the generous expression of warmth, kindness and understanding. Your support and encouragement helps me to get through [heart emoji].'

She was also spotted for the first time since the news had been reported - no longer wearing her engagement and wedding rings.

Moving on: Luann de Lesseps was seen on a solo outing in Sag Harbor, New York on Friday morning

Touched: She also broke her silence on social media as she shared this sweet message with her fans

Bare fingered: The ex-countess has removed the large engagement ring and wedding band

One-season run: This comes after Luann announced on Twitter that she and husband Tom D'Agostino 'agreed to divorce' (couple above on Friday in the Hamptons)

Luann was seen on a solo outing in Sag Harbor, New York on Friday morning.

Things may be getting even more interesting as according to Page Six, the reality star has been spending time with ex Jacques Azoulay, who she has insisted is just a friend.

Sources for the publication have said that Luann has invited the French wine merchant to her home and this caused Tom D'Agostino Jr to file for divorce.

However DeLesseps maintains that she and Azoulay are just friends as she explained to Page Six: 'Jacques has a girlfriend and he’s staying in a hotel, we’re friends, he’s not staying at my house. There’s no truth to the story of Jacques and me.

Tough times: The 52-year-old reality star did not look too pleased while out and about

Reigniting the flame? Things may be getting even more interesting as according to Page Six , the reality star has been spending time with ex Jacques Azoulay, who she has insisted is just a friend, as they are pictured together in March 2013

'God knows I’ve been going through enough recently, I don’t understand why this false rumor is coming at me.'

This comes after friends of Luann say she began investigating after being shown a photo of D'Agostino Jr, 50, kissing another woman by his ex-girlfriend – and her co-star – Ramona Singer, 60.

And when she uncovered more evidence of his affairs last month, de Lesseps confronted the businessman in a New York restaurant – sparking a physical fight that was reported at the time.

D'Agostino is also understood to have met up with an ex-girlfriend during the couple's recent trip to the Hamptons, leaving de Lesseps to attend co-star Jill Zarin's annual luncheon without him.

Not so mellow yellow: She rocked a canary-coloured midi dress

Keeping it simple: She also wore gold flip-flops

A source close to D'Agostino denied the claim, telling DailyMail.com: 'That's not true. That's not the conversation Tom and Luann had about why their marriage ended.

The source added: 'That is not at all why the marriage ended. I don't even know that he did cheat on her. There was the kiss before the engagement party but that was it.'

Luann, who announced her plan to file for divorce on social media today, is said to have been left 'devastated' and 'heartbroken' by D'Agostino Jr's infidelity.

Out and about: She was seen getting dropped off by a Land Rover

Strutting her stuff: She walked up to a home in the affluent neighborhood

Everything in place: She adjusted her bag

She has also told friends that she believes the New Yorker was using her for fame and was 'really loving the limelight'.

'He cheated on her twice and she found out about it,' a close friend of the star told DailyMail.com.

'It's just a matter of him not being able to be faithful. He has been a bachelor his entire life so it was really hard for him to conform to married life.

Keeping it simple: She wore her highlighted tresses down and went make-up free

On-the-go: No doubt it is a tumultuous time in her life

See ya: She puckered up as she said bye to the person dropping her off

'It's just crazy – he was never able to be faithful and that's the bottom line.'

A second source confirmed: 'He did cheat on her twice. He wasn't giving up his bachelor life which she really didn't sign up for.'

A representative for de Lesseps has been approached by DailyMail.com for comment.

Chic c'est la vie: 'We care for each other very much, hope you respect our privacy during this sad time,' wrote the star of the Bravo reality show 'Real Housewives of New York'

Elegance is learned: Her co-star Ramona Singer was one of the first to respond, writing: 'I am so sad for you ....'

Chic c'est la vie?: She and Tom said 'I do' on New Year's Eve in Palm Beach (above), with guests at the event including past and present Housewives such as Jill Zarin and Dorinda Medley.

C'est non bonne: Luann appeared 'melancholy' and 'lonely' on Saturday (above) hile attending a party hosted by Jill Zarin without her husband a source told DailyMail.com

Luann announced the split on Twitter Thursday afternoon.

'It's with great sadness that Tom & I agreed to divorce. We care for each other very much, hope you respect our privacy during this sad time!' wrote Luann.

Her co-star Ramona Singer was one of the first to comment on the split, responding to Luann's announcement on Twitter by writing: 'I am so sad for you ....'

Tinsley Mortimer said her heart 'goes out' to de Lesseps 'during this difficult time' in a statement released exclusively to DailyMail.com on Thursday.

'In life, some people think that it's holding on that makes one strong; however, sometimes it's letting go,' added Tinsley, who has been candid and open about her own divorce this season on Housewives.

Luann had been the only member of the cast who was married this season, with three of the women divorced (Ramona, Bethenny Frankel and Tinsley Mortimer) and two widows (Carole Radziwill and Dorinda Medley).

She and Tom said 'I do' on New Year's Eve in Palm Beach, with guests at the event including past and present Housewives such as Jill Zarin and Dorinda Medley.

It was the second marriage but first actual wedding for Luann, who eloped back in 1993 with her first husband, Count Alexandre de Lesseps.

This was the first marriage for Tom, who is the president and CEO of Smart Source LLC. The business, which he founded in 2003, handles the printing needs for large companies around the world.

A source told DailyMail.com that Luann appeared 'melancholy' and 'lonely' on Saturday while attending Jill Zarin's 5th Annual Luxury Luncheon in the Hamptons.

'She was being very quiet and kept to herself the entire time,' said the source, who noted that Luann never once took off her sunglasses.

'She was not trying to be the attention-grabbing Luann like she normally is, and was just very, very low key.'

The source also added that Luann showed up to the event without her spouse, less than 24 hours after she and Tom were photographed for the last time as husband and wife at a Hamptons kickoff event for the Rita Hayworth Gala, an annual benefit the Alzheimer's Association.

Luann was not alone however, bring along former Real Housewives of Miami star Marysol Patton, who she later posted a photo of on Instagram.

'Whistle while you walk @marysolpatton #NationalGirlfriendDay #bff #squad #gang #friends #hamptons,' wrote Luann.

Throwback Thursday: Luann had shot down reports that she and Tom were having relationship problems in recent weeks, saying that pair had a 'passionate love affair' (Luann and Tom at their wedding )

A toast: 'We never go to bed angry but when we do, when we wake up, we make up. That's the best part,' Luann said of the couple just last month (above with Tom at an engagement party)

The one: 'I never thought it would happen to me again, but I found love again, and I'm a hopeless romantic. So it looks like we're gonna get married!' Luann (above with Tom on the patio of their one-bedroom penthouse apartment earlier this year)

Luann had shot down reports that she and Tom were having relationship problems in recent weeks, most notably after it was revealed that she had slapped her husband while out at a restaurant.

She dismissed that report just days later when she appeared on 'Watch What Happens Live.'

Host Andy Cohen teed things up for the reality star by asking: 'Luann, elephant in the room. Massive story on Page Six this week. They say your marriage to Tom is hanging by a thread and that you slapped him in a restaurant.'

Luann, clad in a razor-cut purple mini-dress, responded by saying: 'Do they love Tom and I? Oh my God, that's so not right.'

She then emphatically stated: 'I did not slap him. We have a very passionate love affair going.'

And, to finish it off, Luann told Cohen: 'We never go to bed angry but when we do, when we wake up, we make up. That's the best part.'

She then spent the rest of the week giving similar comments to other outlets in which she denied the slap and extolled the virtues of makeup sex.

Luann will at the very least get to avoid having to speak about the collapse of her marriage of the Housewives reunion, which was already taped last month in New York City.

The New Year's Eve nuptials marked the end of a tumultuous year for the couple, whose whirlwind romance caused a great deal of tension between Luann and most of her fellow Housewives.

There was also some concern among the women when Luann announced that she and Tom were engaged last February.

An ecstatic Luann appeared on the now-cancelled talk show FAB Life to speak about the news soon after her engagement, saying: 'I'm so excited. I found love the second time around. I'm so lucky. His name is Tom, and he's just wonderful. He's really my soulmate!'

She then added: 'I never thought it would happen to me again, but I found love again, and I'm a hopeless romantic. So it looks like we're gonna get married!'

Last season on the Bravo program, Luann was at times vilified for dating Tom because he and Sonja Morgan had what she dubbed a 'friends with benefit' situation for years, and he had also been on a handful of dates with Ramona Singer.

The relationship was especially hard for Sonja, who at one point was brought to tears over how things ended between her and Tom, and what she perceived as Luann's complete disregard for her feelings about the situation.

In an interview with Vulture last year Sonja discussed how her anger with Tom crept into her relationship with Luann, but said that she is on good terms with the couple.

That anger was due in large part to Tom's delay in admitting that he had been close to Sonja for years.

'I think that Tom just needed to tell the truth. Tom said to Luann that he was seeing me. I knew the group knew and it was going to come out. I knew there was no getting around it,' said Sonja.

'To be polite, I said we were friends with benefits. I don't expect the man to do that. The man has to make a woman feel special. He should have said, 'We were really good friends and we had something special, but then I fell for Lu.'

'That would have made us both feel special. That's why I made the comments about the murky yellow diamond and stuff. I wasn't mad at her. I was mad at him.'

Wife finds house: A few months prior to their wedding Luann moved into her paramour's one-bedroom bachelor pad (Luann above on the wraparound patio)

Luann is looking down: Her estranged husband shelled out $1.5million in 2011 for the postwar pied-a-terre, located on the 20th floor of his building (Luann above in the kitchen)

Bachelor bed: Just this past April, Luann gave an enthusiastic tour of the couple's love nest, stressing how much the two loved to entertain on the wraparound patio (bedroom above)

Mellow yellow: Some claimed that Luann's yellow diamond (above) was a fake

Then, after announcing that Tom had asked her to marry him, many of the women began to question his intentions and whether or not he was faithful to Luann.

There were also suggestions that the eight-carat canary-yellow diamond ring Tom had purchased for Luann was fake, both on the show and in the press.

Ramona was among those who was vocal about that issue, telling DailyMail.com in June that Luann still had not had the diamond appraised, almost six months after she received the ring.

All good in the matrimonial hood: Luann used a recent appearance on 'Watch What Happens Live' (above) to shoot down rumors of a split

Luann stood by her man through it all though, brushing aside the ladies' concerns and criticisms while also firing back at times and accusing them of not wanting to see her happy.

The concerns about infidelity came to a head however when Bethenny Frankel obtained actual proof of one of Tom's indiscretions, in the form of a picture taken by her friend that showed him openly making out with a woman at a popular New York City hotel bar soon after he proposed to his now wife.

Bethenny shared the photo with Luann while the group was in vacation in Miami, privately pulling her aside and breaking the news to her one-on-one in front of a Bravo camera crew.

That managed to cause a deep rift in the already fractured friendship between Luann and Bethenny, who was not even sent an invite to the ceremony.

Luann meanwhile got to defending Tom by talking about her relationship on The Steve Harvey Show.

'Yes, we did hit a little bump in the road. I think that when those things happens, it's a real test of people loving each other and getting past things that happen,' explained Luann.

'I think that if you can't forgive somebody you love, who can you forgive?'

She then added: 'It's made us stronger than ever, and I knew then and I know now that we do love each other and that's the most important thing. So we're getting married.'

Their love story was not strong enough however to get her cast mates to change their plans and attend the wedding.

Ramona could not attend because she was traveling with daughter Avery in London and Paris while Sonja was doing the same with her daughter Quin in Southeast Asia.

It is unclear if Carole Radziwill was invited and declined or was not on the guest list.

Not accepting receipts at this time: Bethenny confronted Luann with proof of her then-fiancee's infidelity last season on Housewives (above at the reunion in 2016)

Season one fun: Luann and her first husband Count Alexandre de Lesseps with son Noel and daughter Victoria in 2008

Quad squad: Luann, Kelly Killoren Bensimon, Gizelle Bryant and Marysol Patton pose for photos at Jill Zarin's luncheon on Saturday in the Hamptons

Luann has two college-aged children from her marriage to her first husband, son Noel and daughter Victoria.

That union that also gave her the title of Countess, which she was officially stripped of on Saturday by marrying Tom.

Her split from the Count happened while she was filming Housewives, but did not feature much in the show at the time due to his refusal to be filmed.

Some of her costars claim that Luann had an open relationship with the Count, but she has denied this.

Rumors began to emerge soon after their split that the Count had been having an affair with Princess Kemeria Abajobir Abajifa of Ethiopia.

That rumor was neither confirmed nor denied by Luann in interviews after her marriage ended, in which she said that she and her husband had been separated for three months when he told her he had met another woman from Ethiopia.

On the town: Luann and daughter Victoria at a 2016 magazine launch (above)

Luann then found love again with Jacques Azoulay, a French businessman with whom she had a very public relationship.

Jacques became a supporting player on Housewives during the pair's four year relationship as he and Luann were inseparable, much in the same way she is with her new husband Tom.

That relationship came to an end in 2013 however, shortly after an episode of Housewives aired which showed Luann enjoying an evening with a Johnny Depp look-alike while the group was in St. Barts.

Luann and the young man could clearly be seen flirting throughout a evening of drinking at a club, and the pair later returned to the house that women were staying at on the island.

The following day she was also caught on camera having a telephone conversation with an unknown person in which she spoke only in French.

Bravo aired that conversation with subtitles, revealing that Luann said: 'Can you do a favor for me, a big favor? I went out with Tom last night. You know, the one that looks a bit like Johnny Depp? And the girls, they know I brought someone here.

'He can't say that he was here last night with me. I don't want the girls to know he was here with me.'

Luann quickly shot down rumors that she was intimate with the man on Twitter when the episode aired, writing: 'I lied about who brought me home. That's all. Nothing happened. Great TV tho! And Jacques and me still very happy and together. Night all. xo.'

Sonja suggested that was not the case however during the episode and in interviews later, but said that in the end in the end it did not really matter what Luann did in private.

Despite what happened in the past, Luann has said repeatedly that she is on great terms with both her ex-husband and ex-boyfriend, and that she even invited the two to her wedding.

The Count declined to attend out of fear that his appearance would take away from her day.

In the beginning: When Housewives began Luann had been living in a Manhattan townhouse with her first husband Alex while spending the summer in a $10 million Hamptons estate

The middle: Luann then moved into an Upper West Side apartment and even at one point spending some time with her pal Sonja Morgan after the divorce

The end: Luann had been living in Tom's one-bedroom bachelor pad but also purchased her own $3.1 million estate in Sag Harbor a few years back

Luann and Tom had been together for a little over a year when they said their vows back in December.

A few months prior to their wedding she moved into her paramour's one-bedroom bachelor pad, located on Manhattan's Upper East Side.

Her estranged husband shelled out $1.5million in 2011 for the postwar pied-a-terre, located on the 20th floor of the building.

Just this past April, Luann gave an enthusiastic tour of the couple's love nest, stressing how much the two loved to entertain on the wraparound patio.

When Housewives began Luann had been living in a nearby townhouse with her first husband Alex and their children Victoria and Noel, while spending their summers in a $10million Hamptons estate.

That all changed however after their divorce, with Luann moving into an Upper West Side apartment and even at one point spending some time with her pal Sonja Morgan.

She also purchased a home in the Hamptons hamlet of Sag Harbor a few years back for $3.1million which has been featured multiple times on Housewives.