Teen mum contracts GANGRENE when deadly tummy tuck and boob job goes dangerously wrong in most stomach-churning Botched yet Teen mum contracts GANGRENE when deadly tummy tuck and boob job goes dangerously wrong in most stomach-churning Botched yet

WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT Krystle could have died during the 12 hour procedure that left her horribly scarred

Teen mum contracts gangrene when deadly tummy tuck goes dangerously wrong (Image: E! / BACKGRID)

A teenage mum contracted a stomach-churning case of gangrene after undergoing a potentially deadly tummy tuck and boob job.

ŌĆī



Krystle was left her scarred and infected after the botched procedure, which was supposed to get rid of her stretch marks and fix her tubular-shaped breasts.

ŌĆī



"I just wanted them to fix the problem and then, you know, they were already gonna be there, put implants in as well," Krystal - who signed up for the surgery after giving birth to her son at 15 - tells E!'s Botched, in one of its most shocking episodes yet.

ŌĆī



But things went dangerously wrong when doctors decided to fit her breast implants through the incision they'd made for the tummy tuck, leaving her massively susceptible to complications.

Krstle contracted gangrene after the botched surgery (Image: E! Entertainment / BACKGRID)

She could have died on the operating table (Image: E! Entertainment / BACKGRID )

ŌĆī



She wanted to get rid of her stretch marks (Image: E!)

"Placing implants through a tummy tuck incision, in my opinion, it's never a good idea because it's a long way to go and the chance of a complication is really high," Dr Terry Dubrow told her.

ŌĆī



And when he learned that the surgery took a staggering 12 hours, he shockingly revealed she could actually have died right there on the operating table.

"Krystle's last surgery could have literally been her last surgery. Eight hours is the time when risks start to go up of anesthesia complications and difficulties from prolonged recovery," he explained.

Surgeons inserted her implants through her abdomen (Image: E! Entertainment / BACKGRID)

ŌĆī



She was unable to wear a bikini (Image: E!)

Super Booty - new TV show follows the lives and arses of huge-bummed women

After thankfully surviving the surgery, a second problem occurred when nurses insisted she take a shower, despite her wounds.

ŌĆī



"So the next day, the nurse wakes me up and she says, 'Shower time,'" Krystle recalled.

"There you go. There's one of the reasons it got an infection," Dr Paul Nassif confirmed to Dr Dubrow.

The ensuing gangrene left Krystle with a scar that resembled The Joker, and she was so disfigured that she couldn't even wear a bikini.

Article continues below

What's more, she later learned that the surgeon who operated on her had recently had a stroke.

Thankfully Dr Dubrow was able to fix Krytle's scars, giving her another chance to rock it in a two-piece.