Melania Trump’s Most Stylish First Lady Moments Thanks to her former modeling career, Melania Trump can turn even the most casual outfit into a major fashion moment, and she has consistently wowed Us with her classic-with-a-twist style choices.

Related: Leather Dress! Lace Tights! Jill Biden Looks Edgier Than Ever in New Pic This doctor knows how to dress! Even though she just moved her home base to the White House, First Lady Jill Biden has already proved that she’s a force when it comes to fashion. She’s already wowed Us with a series of stunning styles and we can’t wait to see what the 69-year-old educator has […]

From the second she moved to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue (a.k.a. the White House), through her 4-year term as FLOTUS, and up until the day she left Washington, her outfits are always off-the-charts.

It became clear from the onset that the Slovene-born beauty was taking wardrobe cues from previous trendsetting first ladies throughout her term.

For Donald Trump’s inauguration in January 2017, she wore a pale blue Ralph Lauren cashmere coat dress with matching suede pumps and gloves that called to mind Jackie Kennedy’s chic style, and she’s continued to rock high-fashion designs ever since.

Related: Michelle Obama Wears the Same Designer as Kamala Harris to the Inauguration Michelle Obama has always captured our attention when it came to her choices in fashion, after leaving the White House her style continues to shine.

Though, much like former first lady Michelle Obama and current FLOTUS Jill Biden, Melania’s outfits always keep Us guessing.

Whether she was hosting her first state dinner for French President Emmanuel and First Lady Brigitte Macron in a sparkling Chanel Haute Couture gown (which originally appeared on the brand’s spring 2018 runway as a jumpsuit) or sporting a pastel Burberry coat to read to children at the annual White House Easter Egg Roll, Melania’s wardrobe creatively and tastefully embraces color, texture and design.

Oh, and we will forever be amazed by her ability to have a rainbow-hued stiletto (Christian Louboutin is her fave) to match just about any outfit.

Related: Ivanka Trump’s $1,000 Designer Dress Is Summer Perfection See Ivanka Trump's feminine but professional style moments in Washington, D.C., from January 2017 to now!

Even as she exited the White House on January 20, 2021, Melania maintained her fashion-forward reputation. She left Washington in an all-black outfit with pieces from Chanel and Dolce & Gabbana, marking the formal end of her FLOTUS fashion.

But her post-Washington style was equally as strong. When she hopped on a plane that same day to head to Florida, she had a mid-flight outfit change. On board, Melania slipped into a $3,700 hexagon-print Gucci dress, which she paired with black pumps and her go-to black sunglasses.

Here at Stylish, we kept tabs on Melania’s most fashion-forward moments both at home and abroad through her term as FLOTUS and beyond. Keep scrolling to see her best looks!