Stranger Things season 2: Eleven is back in final trailer Your support helps us to tell the story Read more Support Now From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging. At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story. The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it. Your support makes all the difference. Read more

With less than two to go before Stranger Things season two arrives, Netflix has released a final trailer to coincide with Friday the 13th.

A teaser of epic proportions, the biggest reveal takes shape in the return of Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown), as the iconic eggo waffles enthusiast who finally makes an appearance having been absent from the forthcoming season's promotional trails.

While Will Byers has been rescued from the Upside Down, a darker, more dangerous threat is looming over the town of Hawkins. The Demogorgon of the first chapter makes way for the "Shadow Monster" born in Will's "PTSD-like visions of" his season one experience. Speaking about the new run of episodes, co-creator Ross Duffer of the Duffer Brothers previously said: “It’s all connected to this singular threat, which is tied into this shape that Will sees in the sky."

In the final Stranger Things 2 trailer the stakes keep rising, as the survivors of season one face the horrors from their nightmares as they creep into reality. Eleven has no choice but to return.

The Duffer Brothers revealed that the forthcoming season acts as a "movie sequel" to the first instalment with the marketing campaign branding the new episodes as Stranger Things 2, as opposed to Stranger Things season 2.

The official names for the first six episodes were recently confirmed, while the final three remain under wraps. Fans are promised a satisfying Halloween-themed episode in "Trick or Treat Freak", sure to feature Mike et al. in the Ghostbusters costumes we've been teased with.

Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard, Winona Ryder and David Harbour return to reprise their roles in Stranger Things 2, joined by new addition Sean Astin.

Stranger Things 2 arrives on Netflix on 27 October.