EXCLUSIVE: Mama June Reveals Exactly How Much She Weighs Today After Stunning Transformation Mama June Shannon is a new woman!

After losing nearly 300 pounds on her WE tv show, From Not to Hot, the 37-year-old reality star sat down for an exclusive interview with ET, where she opened up about her shocking transformation and how much she weighs now.



WATCH: Mama June Seen for the First Time Since Size 4 Reveal -- See the Pic!

"I'm in the 160s. I'm probably four or five pounds off from being there," Mama June, who weighed 460 pounds at her heaviest, told ET's Jennifer Peros on Tuesday.

"I'm happy that I went through with it and got what I wanted. I've been wanting it a long time," she shared. "I'm always doing stuff for everybody else and never myself, so this is pretty much myself."

"Y'all are seeing me what I've always seen myself as," Mama June said. "I was seeing this always. I look at old pictures and I'm like, 'That's not me, that's not me.' And that's true."

As for what size the mother of four currently is, that's a little more up in the air.



EXCLUSIVE: Mama June Shocks Sugar Bear With Her Weight Loss Transformation: 'Oh Sh**!'

"I don't know. These are a size 5 and they're too big," she said of her jeans. "In a dress size, a size 4, [but] I don't honestly know. I haven't been shopping at all."

Splash News

"I've been in a safe house in hiding since last Friday," she explained. "[I] came out this Sunday and had to come [straight to New York City]."



WATCH: Mama June Reveals Size 4 Transformation on 'From Not to Hot' -- See Her Amazing Makeover!

Mama June revealed her new body on Friday's episode of From Not to Hot, but losing the weight wasn't exactly easy. She had gastric sleeve surgery in May to jump-start her weight loss, before having a tummy tuck and breast lift in November. In December, she had her second skin removal surgery to remove the excess skin from her arms and her chin, but says she still has some numbness on her face. In total, Mama June says she had 12 or 13 pounds of skin removed -- about nine pounds of skin on her stomach, and one pound on each arm.

"[I spent] well over $50,000. People think because I'm on TV it was covered. No. I had all this planned out," Mama June revealed. "It's not cheap at all. [But] I'm very happy because I got what I wanted."

"Gastric sleeve [was the toughest surgery] because it reminded me of having C-sections," she added. "It was worse than a C-section, honestly."

Now, Mama June is looking to the future, and determined not to gain the weight back.

"Hell no!" she said when asked if she would do more surgery. "[But] I will do whatever it takes. You have to exercise, you have to maintain. A lot of people think [if] you have the surgeries, nothing else has to be done."

"I will never go back to what I looked like," she declared.



EXCLUSIVE: Mama June's Weight Loss Surgeries Revealed -- How She Went From 460 Pounds to a Size 4

Tune in to ET on Wednesday for more from Mama June's interview, where the reality star shows off her scars and reveals she's swearing off dating, while daughter Alana "Honey Boo Boo" Thompson shares her reaction to her mom's transformation. Check your local listings here.

During an interview with ET in February, Mama June's daughter, Lauren "Pumpkin" Shannon, revealed that her mom is so confident in her new body, she likes to walk around the house in her underwear.

See more in the video below.