Victoria Beckham drops Spice Girls reference at People's Choice Awards Victoria Beckham returned to Los Angeles to accept the Fashion Icon Award at the People's Choice Awards on Sunday, where she dropped an amazing Spice Girls reference in her speech.

The rest of the Spice Girls announced their reunion tour last week, with Beckham, 44, the sole holdout, choosing to stay focused on her fashion line.

While she won't be performing with Melanie Brown (Scary Spice), Emma Bunton (Baby Spice), Melanie Chisolm (Sporty Spice) and Geri Halliwell (Ginger Spice) on the tour, that didn't stop her from referencing their breakthrough hit song Wannabe.

What you really, really want: Victoria Beckham returned to Los Angeles to accept the Fashion Icon Award at the People's Choice Awards on Sunday, where she dropped an amazing Spice Girls reference in her speech

No Spice Girls reunion: The rest of the Spice Girls announced their reunion tour last week, with Beckham, 44, the sole holdout, choosing to stay focused on her fashion line

Homage: The singer and fashion designer was presented the award by actress Amber Valetta, who wore a dress designed by Beckham herself to honor the Fashion Icon

The singer and fashion designer was presented the award by actress Amber Valetta, who wore a dress designed by Beckham herself to honor the Fashion Icon.

'I always told myself, 'Dream big and then dream even bigger,'' Beckham said in her speech in front of a star-studded crowd in Santa Monica, California.

'And I wanted to show that if I can do it, anyone can do it. And what you can achieve really can be limitless if... I can't help it — if you really, really want it, okay?'

Fashion Icon: Victoria Beckham accepts the People's Choice Fashion Icon Award on Sunday, referencing her time with the Spice Girls in her acceptance speech

Valetta honors Beckham: Amber Valetta paid homage to Victoria Beckham by presenting her with the Fashion Icon Award while wearing a Beckham-designed dress

She added, 'They told me at the table, they said, 'You come all the way from London, you gotta get up there and give 'em what they want, what they really, really want.''

Her reference to the 1996 smash hit song, one of the best-selling singles in the world with over 7 million copies sold, caused the crowd to cheer.

'So many years ago, I started with girl power, and now that message is just as strong as ever but now it's through the privilege of being able to empower women through my designs,' the pop star turned fashion designer continued.

While fans were delighted by her Spice Girls nods, Victoria had earlier made it clear her singing days are long behind her.

'I do apologize for reading off of cards, but I hung up my microphone some time ago, and I get a little scared when I get on stage and I see a mic,' she said.

Heading to the stage: 'And I wanted to show that if I can do it, anyone can do it. And what you can achieve really can be limitless if... I can't help it — if you really, really want it, okay?' Beckham said in her People's Choice Awards speech

Wannabe: Her reference to the 1996 smash hit song, one of the best-selling singles in the world with over 7 million copies sold, caused the crowd to cheer

Girl power: 'So many years ago, I started with girl power, and now that message is just as strong as ever but now it's through the privilege of being able to empower women through my designs,' the pop star turned fashion designer continued.

Elsewhere in the speech, she thanked her husband David and their four children Brooklyn, Romeo, Cruz and Harper.

She also took the opportunity to praise the firefighters for doing 'an incredible job' battling the wildfires in her 'second home' of Los Angeles.

Beckham was wearing an all-white suit to the event, revealing in a red carpet interview with Guiliana Rancic that, 'this is a suit that I custom-made for myself that I'm going to put in my next collection.

Beckham added that, after the awards ceremony, she planned on meeting up with her close friend Eva Longoria to have dinner, 'just the two of us.'

Fashionable Beckham: Beckham was wearing an all-white suit to the event, revealing in a red carpet interview with Guiliana Rancic that, 'this is a suit that I custom-made for myself that I'm going to put in my next collection

Beckham also made headlines before the awards ceremony, sharing a video on her Instagram of her getting her hair cut by hairstylist Ken Paves while riding in a car on her way to the ceremony.

She arrived in Los Angeles by herfself, leaving husband David Beckham, and their four children behind in London.

Beckham is also celebrating the 10th anniversary of her fashion line, Victoria by Victoria Beckham.

Waiting to be honored: While fans were delighted by her Spice Girls nods, Victoria had earlier made it clear her singing days are long behind her

'I do apologize for reading off of cards, but I hung up my microphone some time ago, and I get a little scared when I get on stage and I see a mic,' she said

On stage: The rest of the Spice Girls announced their reunion tour last week, with Beckham, 44, the sole holdout, choosing to stay focused on her fashion line

Beckham rose to prominence as a member of the Spice Girls, selling over 85 million records worldwide, making them the best-selling female group of all time.

After releasing three albums in four years, 1996's Spice, 1997's Spiceworld and 2000's Forever, the group went on hiatus to focus on their solo careers.

The group reunited in 2007, with the release of their Greatest Hits album, and again in 2012, the last time the entire group performed together, during the Summer Olympics in London.

The Beckham-less U.K. reunion tour kicks off May 29, 2019 in Manchester and ends June 15 in London.

Still retired: Beckham rose to prominence as a member of the Spice Girls, selling over 85 million records worldwide, making them the best-selling female group of all time

Big honor: The group reunited in 2007, with the release of their Greatest Hits album, and again in 2012, the last time the entire group performed together, during the Summer Olympics in London

No tour: The Beckham-less U.K. reunion tour kicks off May 29, 2019 in Manchester and ends June 15 in London