Normani Kordei, Dancing With the Stars: Will Twisted Ankle Injury Affect DWTS Play

Normani Kordei is favored to win this season on Dancing With the Stars, opposite pro dancer Val Chmerkovskiy. The Fifth Harmony singer has improved week after week, but the fierce schedule and routines have definitely taken their toll on her body. Previously, Kordei opened up about the strain on her back, which was affecting her movements. Chmerkovskiy told DWTS viewers that injuries at this point in the competition are completely normal, so it doesn’t come as a surprise.

Unfortunately, Kordei has suffered another injury and this time, it’s a twisted ankle. In a clip from the show, Kordei talked about last week’s live episode, saying:

Last week we had one of our most challenging dances. The judges saw a stumble … it just shows anything can set me back. Any little thing can be the reason why I don’t get the mirrorball.

Kordei stresses that any little error can definitely impact your performance. In addition, E! reports that when it comes to her ankle injury, she says that:

All of my body weight came down on it really hard and it just …

Partner Chmerkovskiy then chimed in that:

This couldn’t have happened at a worse time. I just feel terrible. This is a week that’s already really intense and she’s never going to admit that she’s hurt.

(ABC/Eric McCandless)

Despite her injury, Kordei says she can “push through anything.” She said she knows her injury looked bad, but that she’s doing better. We’ll just have to see how Kordei does in her finale performances tonight. For her Redemption routine, she and Chmerkovskiy are dancing a Quickstep, which could definitely hurt a twisted ankle. They are doing this routine to “Check It Out’ by Oh the Larceny. In addition, Kordei is performing a Freestyle dance to “What the World Needs Now is Love” by Andra Day.

Be sure to cast your votes if you hope to see Kordei win this season. Tonight’s part 1 of the finale airs from 8 – 9 p.m. ET/PT time delay and tomorrow night’s grand finale runs from 8:30 – 11 p.m. ET/PT time delay on the ABC network.