Jessie James shows off streamline figure at CMT Music Awards Hot mama! Country singer Jessie James shows off her trim post-baby body at CMT Awards... just three months after giving birth

Jessie James didn't waste any time getting back into a LBD.

On Wednesday at the Country Music Television Awards in Nashville, the 26-year-old singer stunned in a very form-fitting dress just three months after giving birth to her daughter Vivianne.

But her mind didn't seem to be on her waistline at the star-studded event - rather, she seemed more interested in her 27-year-old football player husband Eric Decker who she snuggled up to on the carpet.

The beauty captioned a cute shot with her spouse that she posted to Instagram, 'With my love.'



Scroll down for video

Bouncing back! Jessie James displayed her streamline figure in a slinky black dress while attending the CMT Music Awards in Nashville, Tennessee on Wednesday - less than three months after giving birth

The long sleeved dress featured a plunging neckline and a knee-length skirt, which the Blue Jeans singer dressed up with towering nude platform pumps.



She glammed up the look with sparkling bangle bracelets and a silver pendant necklace . 'Thanks @jacqnerguizian for my gorgeous diamonds and jewelry you let me rock on the carpet last night. Love you!! #JNJewelsDesigns,' she wrote on Instagram.



Jessie’s long hair cascaded down in luxurious waves, as she highlighted her brown eyes with plenty of mascara and eyeliner.

Beautiful brunette: Jessie's long hair cascaded down in luxurious waves, as she highlighted her brown eyes with plenty of mascara and eyeliner

Handsome couple: The 26-year-old country music singer showed off her slender shape and ample curves, while joined by her football player husband, Eric Decker, 27 At the event, Jessie and Eric took a photo with model Brooklyn Decker. The singer made a funny face as she stooped down, facing the blonde. Brooklyn and Eric have the same last name but are not related.

Jessie and her New York Jets wide receiver husband wed in June 2013 and announced they were expecting their first child in September.



They welcomed Vivianne Rose Decker in March, with Eric sharing via Instagram shortly afterward: ‘What an amazing, life altering experience! A day of extreme intensity that is filled with raw emotion!

‘I am a PROUD husband of such an incredibly tough and loving wife! I am a PROUD daddy to God’s greatest gift on earth, my little princess!’

Clowning around: The E! reality star shared this photo from the awards show alongside Brooklyn Decker - who is not related to Eric - writing, 'The Deckers @brooklynddecker @edeck87'

Post baby body: The mother-of-one shared this photo on April 13, having given birth on March 17 Curvaceous: She shared this photo recently, writing, '...Didn't realize how big my boobs have gotten from pregnancy and nursing!!! Ahhhh #dollypartonboobs #milkmommy'

Jessie shared one of her secrets to staying in shape with Glamour last October.



‘I think the reason why we actually stay in shape—not only that Eric's a freak athlete and he works out every day his whole life—is that I cook everything at home from scratch.

'I know what I'm putting in everything, whether it's a gumbo or a jambalaya—I cook all Cajun food.’

Doting dad: Eric shared this photo, caressing his wife's belly during her pregnancy Ready to burst! Jessie Instagrammed this image of her and Eric when heavily pregnant

Meanwhile, the second season of the couple’s E! reality show, Eric & Jessie: Game On, premiered on March 30 – though the birth of their daughter was kept private.



‘I'm going to probably have a personal camera to film the actual birth,’ Jessie told E! before the big day. ‘But there will not be a birth for people to see.



‘It's something we wanted to keep personal to us, but you will see bits and pieces of that experience.’

