Amber Portwood Reacts to Ex-Fiance Matt Baier’s Surprise Marriage Amber Portwood is not interested in Matt Baier’s new life. The Teen Mom OG star “doesn’t care” about her ex-fiance’s surprise marriage, a source exclusively tells Us Weekly.

Related: Teen Mom Stars, Then and Now! It’s been quite a journey for the cast of Teen Mom. The series launched in December 2009 as the first spinoff from MTV’s 16 and Pregnant. The debut season followed the lives of Maci Bookout, Catelynn Lowell, Amber Portwood and Farrah Abraham, who all experienced very different journeys during their teen pregnancies. On season 5, […]

“Amber is happy in her new life,” the source tells Us. “She doesn’t care that Matt is married.”

As previously reported, Baier tied the knot with his girlfriend of six months, Jennifer Conlin, in Las Vegas on Monday, November 27. Portwood, meanwhile, is expecting with her boyfriend of five months Andrew Glennon. (Portwood is already mom to 9-year-old daughter Leah with ex Gary Shirley).

Related: Teen Mom 2 Tots: My, How They’ve Grown! See adorable snapshots of Jenelle, Chelsea, Kailyn and Leah's little ones

“When I first found out I was a little scared. I don’t know what to expect. Having a new baby is new likes, new wants, new needs, so it’s very nerve-racking,” Portwood exclusively told Us earlier this month. ”We’re both very happy. I feel like it’s a new chapter of my life.”

Portwood and Baier officially ended their relationship in August two months after calling off their wedding. The final straw was when Baier, a recovered drug addict, offered Teen Mom OG cast member Catelynn Lowell a Xanax during the show’s press day in NYC.

Related: Hollywood’s Broken Engagements From Hugh Hefner and Crystal Harris to Jesse James and Kat von D, see who else never made it down the aisle

“It was rough, but it was a necessary thing to do,” Portwood told Us. “I needed to see where I was in my head and it’s a beautiful thing because I just feel better.”

Reporting by Brody Brown