Jill Zarin's Latest Comments About Bethenny Frankel Are Sure to Surprise The Real Housewives of New York City Fans What Does Bethenny Have to Do to Not Hear This Question?

What's going on between these two?

Jill Zarin's Latest Comments About Bethenny Frankel Are Sure to Surprise The Real Housewives of New York City Fans

We weren't sure if we'd ever see the day when Bethenny Frankel and Jill Zarin completely squashed their years-long beef. But that day may come sooner than we think.

How to Watch Watch The Real Housewives of New York City on Bravo and Peacock.

Jill recently posted a lovely message about Bethenny on Instagram, and it seems as though the ice has thawed somewhat between these former friends-turned-foes. "I’m sitting around going thru photos and put together a collage of @bethennyfrankel with my family," Jill wrote in a post that featured photos of Bethenny with her, her late husband Bobby Zarin, her daughter Ally Shapiro, and her mother Gloria Kamen. "Miss B...thanks for the memories tonight."

Check out the post on Instagram

Bethenny attended Bobby's funeral at Riverside Memorial Chapel in New York City on January 15. "Today is a sad day with a silver lining. I laughed. I cried. I saw old faces & watched a family come together surrounding a loss," Bethenny shared on Twitter following the funeral. "'I have a dream' that Bobby’s death makes us realize what is important & treat each day as our last."

Related

Check out the post on X

Bethenny also posted a series of tweets in remembrance of her late friend after his passing on January 13 following a battle with cancer.

Check out the post on X

Check out the post on X

Check out the post on X

Jill shared during an appearance on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen in June that she would "absolutely" give Bethenny "a hug and a kiss" if they ever crossed paths again (clip above). However, Bethenny said she wasn't looking to rekindle her friendship with Jill during the most recent The Real Housewives of New York City reunion.

See more of Bethenny's thoughts on Jill, below.