Michael Buble, Wife Luisana Lopilato Expecting Baby No. 3 Michael Bublé and his wife, Luisana Lopilato, are expecting their third child, Us Weekly can confirm.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2018 A new bundle of joy! Scroll through to see all the cute babies who were born to famous parents in 2018, so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive […]

The singer’s rep confirmed the good news and according to reports in Lopilato’s native Argentina, the actress, 30, is about two and a half months along in her pregnancy.

The happy news comes after a heartbreaking year that saw the couple’s eldest son, Noah, 4, battle cancer. He was diagnosed with liver cancer in November 2016 and the singer, 42, and his wife put their careers on hold while their little boy underwent treatment. (The pair also share a second son, Elias, 2.)

A source told Us in December 2017 that Noah is “doing well” now and “Michael is ready to think about going back to work.”

Related: Cutest Celebrity Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

But the source added that the couple’s focus remains on their family. “This difficult time has brought them closer together and put things in perspective,” the source said. “Michael is keeping his workload light so he can spend as much time as possible” with his wife and sons.

The “Feeling Good” singer gave an update about Noah’s condition to Us last February. “We are so grateful to report that our son Noah has been progressing well during his treatment and the doctors are very optimistic about the future for our little boy,” Bublé told Us at the time. “He has been brave throughout and we continue to be inspired by his courage.”

Related: Celebrity Health Scares Trista Sutter, Selena Gomez, Ellen DeGeneres and more stars have opened up about their unexpected illnesses and injuries — read more

Lopilato opened up about Noah’s health and the impact it had on their family in an interview on Argentinian TV last July.

“These things, when they happen to you in life, they make you realize that the most important thing isn’t what you thought it was — it’s to have faith, to be strong,” she told TV host Susana Giminez. “There were nights I couldn’t sleep, that I prayed to God, because it’s a long process. But thank God the worst is over.”