Nicki Minaj mentions 'Kim Kardashian's a**' as she wins album of the year at People's Choice Awards Nicki Minaj won the awards for best female artist and album of the year at the 44th People's Choice Awards from Barker Hangar in Santa Monica,California on Sunday.

When she captured the honors for album of the year for Queen, she thanked God, her fans and the voters. She joked in giving a shout out to Kim Kardashian's 'a** in that dress,' in a reference to the reality star, who was in attendance at the luxe gathering.

The Anaconda singer, 35, beat out a best female artist field that included fellow nominees such as Ariana Grande, Taylor Swift, Cardi B, and Camila Cabello.

Queens: Nicki Minaj won the award for best album at the 44th People's Choice Awards from Santa Monica, California on Sunday. She joked in giving a shout out to Kim Kardashian's 'a** in that dress,' in a reference to the reality star, who was in attendance at the luxe gathering

Nicki kicked off the show with a live performance of her song Dip on an evening underscored by a somberness amid a weekend of rampaging wildfires in Southern California that had left two people dead and burned at least 177 homes, as well as a mass shooting in nearby Thousand Oaks Wednesday that left 12 people dead.

Nicki thanked designer Donatella Versace for making her outfit, and gave a 'shout out to Michael B. Jordan cause he's gonna be taking it off of me tonight.'

Jimmy Fallon won the honors for best late night talk show. Fallon said: 'We'll do anything to make you laugh and I think our country needs a good laugh,' noting he's commemorating his 20th year at NBC.

The former Saturday Night Live cast member in his acceptance speech thanked his band, The Roots, his wife Nancy Juvonen and their kids, as well as SNL creator Lorne Michaels. In receiving the honors, which are voted on by fans, Fallon bested nominees Jimmy Kimmel, James Corden, Trevor Noah and Andy Cohen.

Outspoken: Nicki thanked designer Donatella Versace for making her outfit, and gave a 'shout out to Michael B. Jordan cause he's gonna be taking it off of me tonight'

Grateful: When Nicki captured the honors for album of the year for Queen, she thanked God, her fans and the voters

Pop culture queens: Chrissy Teigen presented the honors to Kim and Khloe

On point: Kim continued to shy why she's a trendsetter in style with her eye-catching ensemble at the ceremony

Pals: Chrissy and Kim posed with one another backstage at the fan-selected honors

Grand entrance: Khloe looked taut and toned as she headed to the stage with Kim

Superstars: Kris, Kim and Khloe attended the events with heavy hearts, as their native Calabasas was under emergency evacuations amid the wildfires in Southern California

First family of television: Kendall Jenner, Khloe Kardashian, Kim Kardashian, Kourtney Kardashian and mom Kris Jenner were front and center to accept the honors for best reality show

Showtime: Nicki kicked off the show with a live performance of her song Dip

Duet: Nicki teamed up with Tyga for the outing, which kicked off the award show

Melissa McCarthy was awarded the People's Icon in the first year of the honors.

Funnymen Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly were presenters for the best comedy movie, which was captured by The Spy Who Dumped Me.

Mila Kunis, who co-starred with Kate McKinnon, accepted the honors for the motion picture, which bested a field that included Blockers, Crazy Rich Asians, Love, Simon and Mamma Mia: Here We Go Again.

Wearing it well: Victoria Beckham donned a white pantsuit as she was honored with the style icon award by model Amber Valletta

Big heart: Victoria had warm thoughts for those impacted by the ongoing wildfires, hailing the first responders and firefighters battling the blazes

Throwback: The former Spice Girl also tugged at nostalgic chords, dropping a few phrases from their breakout hit Wannabe

The lady in red: Rita Ora took to the stage to belt out a rendition of her single Let You Love Me

Detailed: Ora was flanked by a stage of backup dancers as she delivered the new single

Influencer: Rita performed with confidence at the Southern California award show

Visual: Rita performed in front of a wall in which her song's lyrics were shown

Killing it: Black Panther's Danai Gurira beat out a nearly-all-male field in capturing the honors of best action star

Breakout star: The actress has played the role of Okoye in two of the year's biggest hits

Glam: Scarlett Johansson was awarded the title of female movie star of the year after her turn in Avengers: Infinity War as Black Widow

Celebrate! Johansson and Pom Klementieff and Gurira accepted the award for Avengers: Infinity War as it was the movie of the year

Three of a kind: The talented actresses were keys in buoying the film to record-setting box office totals

Beaming: Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly presented Mila, who co-starred with Kate McKinnon in the late summer film, with the award

Stunning: Mila Kunis accepted the honors for The Spy Who Dumped Me's win for best comedy movie

Spicing it up: Melissa McCarthy was awarded the People's Icon in the first year of the honors

Scarlett Johansson was awarded the title of female movie star of the year after her turn in Avengers: Infinity War as Black Widow.

Danai Gurira, who played Okoye in both Black Panther and Avengers: Infinity War, beat out Chris Pratt, Chadwick Boseman, Chris Hemsworth and Ryan Reynolds for the honors of action star of the year, a fitting sign of the times in what's been hailed as 'The Year of The Woman.'

It was a good night for Blake Shelton, who captured the best country artist award against fellow nominees Luke Bryan, Carrie Underwood, Keith Urban and Thomas Rhett.

Beautiful: Chrissy Teigen, a presenter on the evening, looked amazing in a designer skirt

Legendary presence: John Legend brought a sense of gravitas to the occasion with a performance of U2's Pride (In the Name of Love)

Dynamic duo: Award winner Blake posed with his love Gwen Stefani backstage at the event

No sad song: Blake Shelton won the best country artist award out of a talented field

Harry Shum Jr. took home the male TV star honors, besting the field of Justin Chambers, Andrew Lincoln, Cole Sprouse and Freddie Highmore.

The show hit an emotional point when Victoria Beckham was honored as a fashion icon, as she hailed the City of Angels as her second home, and had warm thoughts for those impacted by the ongoing wildfires, hailing the first responders and firefighters battling the blazes.

The former Spice Girl also tugged at nostalgic chords, dropping a few phrases from their breakout hit Wannabe, also including her famed husband David Beckham and their kids in her acceptance speech.

Songstress Rita Ora took to the stage to belt out a rendition of her single Let You Love Me.

The honors for female movie star went to Scarlett Johansson's Avengers: Infinity War performance as Black Widow.

Pop culture and social media queen Chrissy Teigen, presenting the honors for best reality show, which was captured by her close friend Kim Kardashian's E! stalwart, Keeping Up With the Kardashians.

Khloe won the individual honors for reality star of the year amid a subdued mood in the wake of the aforementioned factors.

Glamorous: Kat Graham looked sleek as she appeared onstage alongside Lil Rel Howery

Glitzy: Kourtney Kardashian looked to be in a good mood as she donned a lacy ensemble to the proceedings

Time to shine: Harry Shum Jr. beamed confidence as he accepted the best male TV star award

Avengers: Infinity War captured the honors for action film of the year, beating out fellow nominees Black Panther, Deadpool 2, Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom and Ocean's 8.

Notable wins included Shadowhunters: The Mortal Instruments capturing the TV show of 2018 award; and The Voice besting the opposition for the best competition show.

BTS defeated Twenty One Pilots, Panic! At the Disco, 5 Seconds of Summer, and Super Junior for group of the year.

Teigen's husband John Legend delivered a poignant rendition of U2's Pride (In the Name of Love), prior to introducing attorney-activist Bryan Stevenson, who was honored as the People's Champion.

Avengers: Infinity War was announced by presenter Darren Criss as the movie of the year, edging out Black Panther, A Quiet Place, Incredibles 2 and Fifty Shades Freed for the honors. Johansson, Gurira and Pom Klementieff went up to accept the honors.

Big night: Jimmy Fallon was among the winners Sunday at the 44th People's Choice Awards from Santa Monica, California.

Living up to his name: Legend continues to use his big voice to speak out about social causes he holds important

Appreciated: Attorney-activist Bryan Stevenson was honored as the people's champion