Amal and George Clooney settle into a summer in Sardinia The Clooneys have decamped to Sardinia for the summer as George starts work on his new TV series Catch 22.

And the actor and his human rights lawyer wife Amal have roped in their parents to help with childcare, and enjoy the Italian sunshine, as the group were seen headed out for dinner this week.

Amal was seen jetting in by private jet with George's parents Nina and Nick Clooney, while her mother Baria Alamuddin flew on a separate flight, before the whole family reunited for a dinner the next evening.

VIps in town: The Clooneys have decamped to Sardinia for the summer as George starts work on his new TV series Catch 22, with the actor's lawyer wife Amal and his in laws all in town

Amal looked stunning in a pair of leopard print trousers and black tee for her flight, warmly greeting staff as she disembarked the private jet with her in-laws following behind.

Meanwhile the lawyer's mum Baria arrived by commercial flight later in the day.

The evening after, the whole family met up with George after a day of filming at popular restaurant Il Marino di Puntaldia.

The parents have landed: Amal was seen jetting in by private jet with George's parents Nina and Nick Clooney earlier this week

Delighted to be here! The couple's parents will no doubt be helping out with babysitting for George and Amal's twins

Plane chic: Amal looked stunning in a pair of leopard print trousers and black tee for her flight, warmly greeting staff as she disembarked the private jet

Nice way to travel: George's parents enjoyed the plush jet as their ride to the Italian idyll

Good to see you: Amal, who was spotted in Sardinia earlier in the week with George and their twins, got another private jet back to the island after some time away

Ready for some sun: Amal looked effortlessly cool in her wild print trousers

Amal looked gorgeous in a bardot crop top for the family dinner, which showed off her svelte frame.

The mother of two teamed the minuscule top with a pair of wide legged striped trousers as she was seen making a low key exit with George out of a side entrance.

Their parents meanwhile left by the front, with Nick seen helping a chic Baria down the steps.

Summer chic: The next day the family headed out to dinner at a local restaurant with Amal wowing in a tiny bardot crop top

Dressed for dinner: The mother of two teamed the minuscule top with a pair of wide legged striped trousers as she was seen making a low key exit with George out of a side entrance.

VIP treatment: Staff looked delighted to spot the actor and his family as they left the dinner

Dinner date: The brunette flashed a smile as she made her way into the car followed by George

It looked as though George and Amal's parents are settling into local life in Sardinia as the morning after the dinner Baria was spotted buying some cheese from a street vendor - a popular choice for the family as eyewitnesses reveal she asked for the same variety her son-in-law had bought previously.

There was no sign of George and Amal's twins Alexander and Ella during the outings, but the children were spotted with their parents at Sardinia airport earlier in the week.

Sardinia is a large Italian island in the Mediterranean Sea and is over 500 miles from Clooney's villa in Lake Como.

Close: Amal's mother Baria wowed in a bright green dress as she was helped down the steps by George's father Nick

Family meal: Nick looked dapper in a brown blazer while his wife carried a designer bag

Bonding: The mothers enjoyed a chat as they left via the front entrance of the restaurant

Grandparents: Baria and Nina held hands as they navigated the cobbled streets

Clooney is working hard in the region for his new project Catch 22, with the star directing, producing and starring in the six episode miniseries based on Joseph Heller's seminal novel.

It was announced in April that the multi-talented star was reducing his role in the Hulu production so he could concentrate on his directing and producing credits.

The two-time Oscar winner has hired Kyle Chandler of Friday Night Lights fame to take over the part of Col. Cathcart (played by Martin Balsam in the 1970 adaptation) originally earmarked for himself while he takes on the less demanding role of Scheisskopf.

Spot of shopping: It looked as though George and Amal's parents are settling into local life in Sardinia as the morning after Baria was spotted buying some cheese from a street vendor

George's choice: Eyewitnesses reveal Baria asked for the same variety her son-in-law had bought previously, talking on speaker phone before making the purchase

Fashion savvy: Amal's mother wowed in a bright red sun hat and polka dot trousers for the shopping trip

The story, set in Italy during World War 2, focuses on Christopher Abbott's character of Yossarian, a US Air Force bombardier who is furious because the bureaucratic rule known as Catch-22.

The rule specifies that a concern for one’s own safety in the face of dangers which are real and immediate is the process of a rational mind; a man is considered insane if he willingly continues to fly dangerous combat missions, but a request to be removed from duty is evidence of sanity and therefore makes him ineligible to be relieved from duty.

Hugh Laurie also stars as Major de Coverley for the series which has a release date of 2019.

At work: Clooney is working hard in the region for his new project Catch 22, with the star directing, producing and starring in the six episode miniseries

Multi-talented: The actor has grown a mustache for his role in the mini-series which is based on Joseph Heller's seminal novel

Stepping back: It was announced in April that the multi-talented star was reducing his role in the Hulu production so he could concentrate on his directing and producing credits

All-star cast: The two-time Oscar winner has hired Kyle Chandler of Friday Night Lights fame to take over the part of Col. Cathcart (played by Martin Balsam in the 1970 adaptation)