Erika Girardi Is Returning to the Screen with Eileen Davidson The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills songstress is heading back to The Young and the Restless.

Erika Girardi and Eileen Davidson will soon be back together again. Erika will make her triumphant return to The Young and the Restless, E! News reports.

How to Watch The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Season 15 airs on Thursdays at 8/7c on Bravo and streams next day on on Peacock. Stream on

The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills songstress will reprise her role as high-powered real estate agent Farrah Dubose on the soap in two upcoming episodes. Farrah is back in Genoa City to help someone in town find a new bachelor pad, according to E! News.

Erika made her Y&R debut in December 2016 when Farrah literally bumped into Eileen's character, Ashley Abbott. They then exchanged words — all over spilled coffee, no less — that seemed straight out of RHOBH. Erika brought her fierceness back to Y&R for another appearance in April 2017.

Erika's Y&R debut was nothing but drama with Eileen. Photo: CBS

Erika's first appearance on Y&R was a gift given to her by Eileen for her birthday in Season 7 of RHOBH. "I thought that Erika would be a great fit for The Young and the Restless because she was a soap opera fan. She shared that with me last year when I brought her to set just to visit. And she was very excited just about being there and witnessing the whole process," Eileen told The Daily Dish in February 2017. "So I thought, 'Oh my God, if I have her on the show, she's gonna really love it.' And I knew she'd fit right in, and she did."

Related

This exciting news comes as Genoa City celebrates Eileen's recent Daytime Emmy win for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series for her role as Ashley. This is the second Daytime Emmy for Eileen, who previously won the award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series for her work as Kristen DiMera on Days of Our Lives.

Watch Eileen dish more on Erika's acting chops, below.