Chrissy Teigen Recalls ‘Meltdown’ on John Legend’s Video Set Chrissy Teigen does not have the fondest memories of the time she stopped by the set of her then-boyfriend John Legend’s “Green Light” music video in 2008.

“Fun fact, I had a jealousy-fueled meltdown visiting this video set and made an a–hole out of myself to a large group of people,” the Cravings cookbook author, 32, tweeted on Monday, July 30.

Related: Chrissy Teigen and John Legend’s Epic Romance Chrissy Teigen and John Legend are a power couple to be reckoned with -- see how their adorable relationship has evolved over the years.

Teigen’s 10.6 million Twitter followers quickly expressed interest in her revelation and asked for more details. She managed to piece together “small bits of information” after a “brief refresh with john.”

“it began with our friends (john’s manager and co-writers and a couple others) talking about how BEAAAAAAUUUUTIFUL some of the women were … and they were! But in my mind they not only were talking about it, they were talking about it on purpose to rile me up,” she recalled. “Looking back and knowing how well I know them now, THEY WERE DEFINITELY RILING ME UP AND GETTING A KICK OUT OF IT.”

Related: Chrissy Teigen’s Most Entertaining Twitter Feuds Click through to relive Chrissy Teigen's most entertaining Twitter feuds

Teigen tweeted that she “watched the monitor like a psychotic (tarantula) hawk” while Legend, now 39, filmed one particular scene with a female costar. “He probably laughed at something she said. And in my mind it was some GRAND conversation I was conjuring up,” she continued. “They were probably just talking about craft services honestly but in my mind she was like ‘hey we should bone’ and he was like ‘haha f–k yeah!’”

Eventually, after “a few more shoulder touches and laughs,” the Lip Sync Battle color commentator lost her cool. “Anger turned to sobbing turned to fleeing the set and getting a hotel room,” she recounted. “The director (ALAN FERGUSON!) was baffled. Everyone was. Anyhow I wish more happened but no. I was just a jealous, angry 22 year old. I’m better now. BUT DONT TEST ME.”

The video shoot was particularly sensitive for Teigen because she and the Grammy winner were first introduced on the 2007 set of his “Stereo” visual. “Keep in mind john and I met on a video,” she reminded fans. “I was that girl! I know how this s–t works!”

Related: Celebrity Music Video Couples Showing off their love -- on and off screen! Some Hollywood A-list couples don't mind taking their work home. Here's to Beyonce and Jay Z, John Mayer and Katy, and other celebrity couples who've appeared in each other's music videos.

When asked if her self-proclaimed “meltdown” is the reason she now regards “Green Light” as her least favorite Legend song, the model responded, “maybe subconsciously but mostly I just thought it was corny. LOVE YOU JOHNNY!!!!”

Teigen’s moment of jealousy didn’t last long, though. She and Legend went on to marry in Italy in September 2013. They share two children: daughter Luna, 2, and son Miles, 2 months.

Fun fact, I had a jealously-fueled meltdown visiting this video set and made an asshole out of myself to a large group of people. https://t.co/SiE3h9aisY — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) July 30, 2018

maybe subconsciously but mostly I just thought it was corny 😬😬 LOVE YOU JOHNNY!!!! https://t.co/03EkwIeXXB — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) July 30, 2018

Oh you want to know more, do you? Let me try to remember. 10 years is a long time! — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) July 30, 2018

Ok after a brief refresh with john, I have pieced together small bits of information — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) July 30, 2018

it began with our friends (john’s managers and co-writers and a couple others) talking about how BEAAAAAAUUUUTIFUL some of the women were… — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) July 30, 2018

…and they were! But in my mind they not only were talking about it, they were talking about it on purpose to rile me up. Looking back and knowing how well I know them now, THEY WERE DEFINITELY RILING ME UP AND GETTING A KICK OUT OF IT — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) July 30, 2018

I was watching the monitor with all the guys and someone, I can’t remember who, said, “ooooooo look at that girl with john ooooooooo!” so I watched the monitor like a psychotic (tarantula) hawk and in my mind, oh he was in trouble — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) July 30, 2018

Keep in mind john and I met on a video. I was that girl! I know how this shit works! — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) July 30, 2018

He probably laughed at something she said. And in my mind it was some GRAND conversation I was conjuring up. They were probably just talking about craft services honestly but in my mind she was like “hey we should bone” and he was like “haha fuck yeah!” — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) July 30, 2018

A few more shoulder touches and laughs with her later, I lost it. Anger turned to sobbing turned to fleeing the set and getting a hotel room. The director (ALAN FERGUSON!) was baffled. Everyone was. — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) July 30, 2018

Anyhow I wish more happened but no. I was just a jealous, angry 22 year old. I’m better now. BUT DONT TEST ME — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) July 30, 2018

What a boring story. Happy anniversary, Green Light video!!! — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) July 30, 2018