Richard Curtis says co-hosting Live! With Kelly Ripa again was 'fantastic' His day job is as a high school teacher of television production in Perkasie, Pennsylvania.

But on Monday Richard Curtis was back in the co-host chair at ABC's Live! With Kelly Ripa.

'It's amazing how daytime talk shows have taken over the school,' he joked as he returned to the show after making his debut on October 21.

'It's amazing!': High school teacher Richard Curtis couldn't contain his excitement as he returned to the co-host chair at ABC's Live! With Kelly Ripa on Monday

Curtis, a 30-year-old father-of-two, won a social media contest to fill in the spot left vacant six months ago following the departure of Michael Strahan.

While Kelly's sidekicks have mostly been celebrities, Curtis was an unexpected hit with viewers with producers bringing him back due to public demand.

He said during his appearance Monday that he had to tell himself, 'wake up, Richard, you're dreaming,' when he learned he was being invited back, adding it was 'fantastic.'

Popular: Curtis, 30, a married father-of-two from Perkasie, Pennsylvania, won a social media contest to be a guest host. His first appearance on October 21 was so successful, he was invited back

Not everyone is impressed, though, he revealed. Apparently his five-year-old daughter told her grandmother she'd rather he was on the Disney channel.

On Monday, Curtis interviewed former Sex And The City star Jessica Parker about her new HBO series Divorce.

The actress appeared to be impressed.

'I feel like you've secretly being doing talk shows for, like, the last 10 years,' she told him. 'It's really quite something.'

A source told ET last month that the executives 'really' like Curtis, and 'he's definitely in the running' to replace Strahan as Kelly's permanent sidekick.

However, the source also added that the show's producers 'are being cautious because he's unproven.'

'They love that he could go from being a school teacher to a daytime talk show host. They think that's a really cool story,' the insider stated.