Mark Ronson and Josephine de La Baume file for divorce Mark Ronson and his wife Josephine de La Baume have reportedly parted ways, after five and half years together.

According to TMZ, the French beauty filed for divorce from the 41-year-old DJ on Thursday - citing irreconcilable differences as reason for their split.

The site reports that the 32-year-old has listed April 21 as their official date of separation, which is five months shy of their sixth anniversary.

Scroll down for video

End of an era: Mark Ronson and his wife Josephine de La Baume have reportedly split up, after five and half years together

The pair have no children together but is believed that Josephine, who is an actress, singer and model, is asking for spousal support.

MailOnline has contacted Mark's representatives for comment.

Mark married the beauty in a lavish ceremony in Aix-en-Provence, in the South of France, in September 2011.

Over: According to TMZ , the French beauty filed for divorce from the 41-year-old DJ on Thursday - citing irreconcilable differences

It had first been rumoured the pair had become engaged in January of that year, when the blonde was spotted with a ring on her wedding finger in Paris.

Josephine, who rose to fame modelling for Agent Provocateur, had previously gushed about the proposal - admitting she was stunned musician Mark had designed the ring himself.

She divulged: 'Mark proposed on the beach in La Rochelle - I had no idea whatsoever. He designed the ring - it's a yellow diamond, so beautiful.'

Mark had a number of his A-list pals, including Kate Moss and Lily Allen, present at the two-day ceremony that took place near the bride's home town.

Making it official: The pair have no children together, but is believed that Josephine, who is an actress, singer and model, is asking for spousal support in the split

In their famously trendy style, the groom had sported a candy-striped suit and Ray-Ban sunglasses, while Josephine looked just as glamorous in a low-cut Zac Posen wedding gown and cropped veil.

BRIT Award winner Mark first met his bride in 2009, and the pair managed to pull together their wedding plans fast enough in 2011 to kick off the ceremony just six months after he got down on one knee.

The lingerie model also appeared in Mark's video for his track The Bike Son back in 2010.

Ronson is best known for his career as a DJ, and work with the late Amy Winehouse - having produced her hit Rehab, and album Back To Black.