Linkin Park launch suicide prevention site after Chester Bennington death Linkin Park have set up a tribute website to their singer Chester Bennington, who died last week in what is being treated as suicide.

The site, chester.linkinpark.com, features suicide prevention information including phone numbers for the US services Suicide Prevention Lifeline and Crisis Text Line. The site also collates social media messages from fans paying tribute to the singer.

A coroner confirmed that Bennington, who was found at home on Thursday morning, died by hanging. He was 41, and left behind a wife and six children.

Linkin Park, whose pop-friendly blend of hard rock and hip-hop won them tens of millions of fans worldwide, were promoting their recent album One More Light; they recently recorded an episode of Carpool Karaoke with guest star Ken Jeong, to be aired in October. They have cancelled their North American summer tour, which was due to begin next week.

The band also posted a message on Facebook, their longest statement yet in the wake of Bennington’s death. It reads:

double quotation mark Our hearts are broken. The shockwaves of grief and denial are still sweeping through our family as we come to grips with what has happened. You touched so many lives, maybe even more than you realized. In the past few days, we’ve seen an outpouring of love and support, both public and private, from around the world. Talinda and the family appreciate it, and want the world to know that you were the best husband, son, and father; the family will never be whole without you. Talking with you about the years ahead together, your excitement was infectious. Your absence leaves a void that can never be filled – a boisterous, funny, ambitious, creative, kind, generous voice in the room is missing. We’re trying to remind ourselves that the demons who took you away from us were always part of the deal. After all, it was the way you sang about those demons that made everyone fall in love with you in the first place. You fearlessly put them on display, and in doing so, brought us together and taught us to be more human. You had the biggest heart, and managed to wear it on your sleeve. Our love for making and performing music is inextinguishable. While we don’t know what path our future may take, we know that each of our lives was made better by you. Thank you for that gift. We love you, and miss you so much.