Emily Blunt Has a Very Sweet Reason for Refusing to Take Selfies With Fans Emily Blunt and John Krasinski are one of the most recognizable couples in Hollywood. Blunt has starred in several box-office hits—The Girl on the Train, The Devil Wears Prada, Into the Woods, to name a few—so it's easy to see why fans might feel comfortable approaching her in public. Krasinski, on the other hand, played friendly Regular Guy Jim Halpert for several seasons on The Office. Obviously, people feel connected to him.

That being said, Blunt and Krasinski are still entitled to their privacy, as we all are, and shouldn't feel obligated to take photos or chat with fans. Several celebrities have opened up about why they refuse to take selfies with people in public, and Blunt just added her voice to the chorus. In a new interview with Vanity Fair, Blunt says she's not into snapping for photos with fans—not anymore, at least. And it's not because she doesn't want to meet the people who watch her films: She just wants a more genuine exchange.

“Social media has changed the landscape, so an encounter with you is valued more as a social media currency than a genuine interaction,” Blunt told the magazine. “Frances McDormand told us—she just makes my teeth ache I love her so much—when someone asks her for a picture, she says, ‘You know what? I’ve actually retired from that. But I would like to shake your hand and meet you.’”

Honestly, having a five-second chat with Blunt about how The Devil Wears Prada helped me come out sounds way more appealing than taking a blurry pic that will inevitably get buried in Instagram. In fact, it's those types of chats—the real ones—that make Blunt realize the importance of her career.

“I am always under the impression that I have a silly job for a living," she also told VF. "But occasionally you will run into someone who deepens your feeling about it. Sometimes people will say they had cancer and The Office was the only thing that made their family laugh during that time. You realize when you are in something that really touches people that it does offer an escape.”

Related Stories:

Emily Blunt and John Krasinski Are a Tortured Married Couple in the A Quiet Place Trailer

Emily Blunt Is Annoyed AF That Her Daughter Is Developing an American Accent

John Krasinski Jokes That He Was Emily Blunt's "Stalker" Before They Married