Chloe Moretz steps out in sharp outfit and 'f**k' necklace She may have just split from beau Brooklyn Beckham, but that wasn't stopping Chloe Grace Moretz from having a bit of fun while out in NYC Friday.

The Kick-Ass actress, 21, cut a sharp figure in a long navy coat, Vans Classic Slip-On s and leather slacks as she stepped out from her hotel in the Manhattan neighborhood.

And it appeared like the Georgia-native may have been sending a secret message to her ex with her accessories, donning a necklace bearing the four-letter word 'F***.'

Sending a message? Chloe Grace Moretz looked sharp in leather trousers and a long coat in NYC Friday, where she also adorned her outfit with a tiny gold necklace reading 'F***'

Chloe layered a black and white top underneath while piling on the necklaces.

While a gold medallion and delicate drop pendant looked quite lovely, it was her expletive accessory that really grabbed attention.

Looking closely, you could see a tiny letter-plate, which was styled in curvy script to contrast the piece's edgy message.

The wry smile on the newly single star's face strongly suggested like the necklace choice was more than intentional.

Chained to fashion! While a gold medallion and delicate drop pendant looked quite lovely, it was her expletive accessory that really grabbed attention

Layers: Chloe teamed a black and white top underneath her coat and piled on the necklaces

Moving on so soon? Meanwhile, Brooklyn was caught cozying up with a bevy of beauties during last weekend's Coachella music festival in Indio, California

If so, this isn't the first the time Chloe's used fashion to take subtle digs at her ex.

Earlier this week fans noticed that the star swapped a 'B' ring given to her by Brooklyn with an almost identical ring bearing her own 'C' initial.

Meanwhile, Brooklyn — who is the offspring of famous footballer David Beckham and Spice Girl wife Victoria — was caught cozying up with a bevy of beauties during last weekend's Coachella music festival in Indio, California.

The star was spotted hanging out with leggy blonde model Meredith Mickelson, 18, in addition to former Justin Bieber fling Cindy Kimberly.

Read between the lines! The wry smile on If I Stay actress's face strongly suggested like the necklace choice was more than intentional

Ditching his ring: This isn't the first the time Chloe's used fashion to take digs at her ex. The star recently swapped a 'B' ring given to her by Brooklyn with an almost identical ring bearing her own 'C' initial

The ex of CGM hit the headlines last month when he was snapped in a passionate lip lock with Playboy model Lexi Wood.

Brooklyn and Chloe's love story goes back to when they first met at Paris Fashion Week in 2014 and enjoyed a brief romance in Los Angeles that summer.

They rekindled the flames of their love in April 2016 and again in September 2017 but it seems the couple have parted for good this time.