Ellen dresses as 'Karla Kardashian' for Halloween Karla Kardashian is back.

Ellen DeGeneres, 59, returned as forgotten Kardashian sister 'Karla' on Wednesday for her Halloween episode, this time sporting a huge prosthetic baby bump as part of the costume.

She was joined by Kourtney Kardashian, 38, and Kendall Jenner, 21, for the skit, as well as comedian Jay Pharoah, 30, playing Karla's baby daddy and Shaq's 'cousin' Jaleel O'Neal.

Scroll down to see the video

Look who's back: Ellen DeGeneres, 59, returned as forgotten Kardashian sister 'Karla' on Wednesday for her Halloween episode

Ellen donned a leopard print body suit for the sketch, plus a gray cardigan.

She wore furry red sliders on her feet and covered her short cropped hair with a long, blonde wig.

The comedian accessorized with oversized glasses, an ostentatious 'KK' gold chain, plenty of jewelry and false nails which kept peeling off.

Amusingly, one fingernail was so troublesome that it had to be reattached with Scotch tape.

Trendsetter: Ellen donned a leopard print body suit for the sketch, plus a gray cardigan

In an effort to keep up with her arguably more famous sisters Kim, Khloe, and Kylie, 'Karla' announces she’s expecting a baby as well.

While the mom-to-be gossips that Kourtney is pregnant, the real Kardashian sister emerges from backstage to shut down the rumor.

Karla then tries to announce Kendall Jenner is pregnant - before Kendall herself appears to rubbish the claim.

Can't keep up: In an effort to keep up with her arguably more famous sisters Kim, Khloe, and Kylie, 'Karla' announces she’s expecting a baby as well

Try, try again: Karla then tries to announce Kendall Jenner is pregnant - before Kendall herself appears to rubbish the claim

Then Ellen says she's going to announce the 'baby daddy's' identity - and is handed an envelope from offstage.

Unable to open the envelope with Karla's long nails, Kourtney does the duties.

The baby daddy is revealed as 'Jaleel O'Neal' - allegedly the cousin of basketball great Shaquille O'Neal.

A cross-eyed Jay Pharoah emerges from backstage wearing a full LA Lakers outfit and embraces Ellen.

Who's your daddy: Then Ellen says she's going to announce the 'baby daddy's' identity - and is handed an envelope from offstage

We are family: The baby daddy is revealed as 'Jaleel O'Neal' - allegedly the cousin of basketball great Shaquille O'Neal

Karla first made her debut on the hit daytime TV talk show in 2015.

She recently reappeared on The Ellen DeGeneres Show in September to celebrate the tenth anniversary of Keeping Up With The Kardashians.

Ellen helped celebrate that milestone by making a crib for the forthcoming Kardashian babies - out of aluminium cans.