Felicity Jones marries Charles Guard in secret wedding at castle Felicity Jones married her movie director boyfriend of three years Charles Guard on Saturday.

The ceremony took place at Sudeley Castle, near Winchcombe, Gloucestershire in England, with the star opting to wear a 'budget' dress.

The couple's big day celebration had an impressive guest list, with A-list celebs including the bride's The Theory of Everything co-star Eddie Redmayne, 36, and Tom Hanks, 61.

Finally hitched: Felicity Jones, 34, married her boyfriend of three years Charles Guard, 45, on Saturday in their native England in a secret ceremony (pictured in 2017)

According to The Sun, the bride wore an elegant full-sleeved white gown with sheer fabric above the bust and a frilled neck.

Felicity, who also starred in Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, made a speech at the ceremony.

Wearing an expression of utter delight, she slicked her wavy dark hair back beneath a classic mesh veil that fell to the floor.

Meanwhile, her groom, 45, cut a dapper figure in a three-piece suit with silver trousers, a black jacket and a pale yellow waistcoat.

A day in the Cotswolds: The ceremony took place at Sudeley Castle, a spectacular structure near Winchcombe, Gloucestershire in England

Rounding off the look with a sky blue tie over a white dress shirt, he popped a flower in his lapel for his special day.

The majestic venue is the only private castle in England to have a queen buried within its grounds, Katherine Parr, the last of Henry VIII’s six wives.

It closed its grounds early to the public on Saturday to accommodate the wedding.

The newlyweds have mostly managed to keep out of the public eye since they began dating three years ago.

Historic: The majestic venue is the only private castle in England to have a queen buried within its grounds, Katherine Parr, the last of Henry VIII’s six wives

Special day: It closed its grounds early to the public on Saturday to accommodate the wedding

Spellbinding venue: It is being said that Felicity, who also starred in Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, made a speech at the ceremony

The movie director popped the question in May 2017 after just two years of dating.

He is best known for the 2009 horror film The Uninvited, which he co-directed with his brother, Thomas Guard.

Before the Hollywood actress dated Guard, Felicity, 34, was with a sculptor named Ed Fornieles.

They were together for ten years. and had met while they were both attending the University of Oxford

Wedding details: The newlyweds have mostly managed to keep out of the public eye since they began dating three years ago

Epic guest list: Some of their A-list guests that watched on included the bride's The Theory of Everything co-star Eddie Redmayne, 36, and Tom Hanks, 61

A-list: Eddie Redmayne was one of the guests at the wedding (he and Felicity starred together in The Theory Of Everything)

Friends in high places: Tom Hanks was also a guest at the wedding

Details about the bride's infamous wedding outfit remain under lock and key but it’s unlikely Jones wore a budget dress, like she did when she first attended the BAFTAs in 2011.

The British beauty admitted that when she was invited to the British Academy Film & Television Awards for the first time shortly after winning a special jury prize at the Sundance Film Festival for her work in indie movie Like Crazy, she was totally unprepared for the glamorous event.

Instead of breaking the bank to purchase an expensive couture gown, she sourced her dress from a second-hand store.

She even did her makeup in her brother’s bathroom before the ceremony.

Flashback: Felicity, pictured left, and her wedding guest attendee co star Eddie, pictured right, are seen dancing together in their 2014 film The Theory of Everything