Nina Dobrev hangs with ex Ian Somerhalder and wife Nikki Reed Nina Dobrev is making it clear that there’s no bad blood between her and ex-boyfriend Ian Somerhalder.

“Can’t believe how time flies,” she captioned a photo with Somerhalder and his wife Nikki Reed on Tuesday, “Farewell dinner with team Somereed! So good catching up with these goofballs. All ❤”

Dobrev, 28, and Somerhalder, 38, met on the set of TV’s “Vampire Diaries” in 2009 and dated for over three years, calling it quits in 2013.

When Dobrev decided to leave the show in 2015, rumors spread that she was leaving because of her ex and his whirlwind romance with the “Twilight” actress.

Reed also addressed the chatter on Tuesday. “For the last few years we thought addressing any baseless rumors with silence was the best way,” Reed wrote on Instagram, “So here’s to putting an end to all those fake stories of on set jealousy, betrayal, made-up-friendships lost & women hating women. Because at the end of the day, that’s what this is about: teaching girls that you have to hate other girls only breeds a generation of women who believe you have to hate other women. And that’s what these magazines, websites and blogs don’t understand. That is the harmful unintended consequence of their bulls–t stories and we have a moral responsibility to fix that. Let’s turn this page together, as we all walk into the next chapter peacefully.”

Somerhalder and Reed began dating in 2014 and were engaged after just six months. The couple wed in April 2015.

“They look happy and I am happy and so I don’t see why there should be a problem with that,” Dobrev said at the time, “The drama is in the media, it’s not with us.”

Dobrev was back on set in Georgia to film the “Vampire Diaries” series finale.

“This is my true final goodbye, as today I shot my last scene of the ‘Vampire Diaries’ forever,” she wrote on Instagram on Monday, “Coming back for the series finale has been a whirlwind of emotion, nostalgia, love, tears of joy and bittersweet endings. It feels like the beautiful closure we all needed, myself included, and I couldn’t have been happier to come home to be with my ‘TVD’ set family and friends.”