Kim Kardashian Poses Topless, Talks Fave Spa Treatments: Pic Us Weekly has affiliate partnerships. We receive compensation when you click on a link and make a purchase. Learn more!

Okurr! Kim Kardashian revealed a topless photo of herself sporting Calvin Klein undergarments while on vacation in Turks and Caicos.

The 37-year-old reality star shared the sensual snapshot in an app post on Tuesday, April 17, 2018, as she also dished on her favorite at-home spa treatments for keeping her skin vibrant and healthy.

See the at-home spa treatments:

Related: Kim Kardashian’s Style Evolution We first saw Kim Kardashian burst onto the scene in the early 00’s; since then her fashion choices have hit every note, from Juicy tracksuits to custom Balmain!

“I love indulging in spa treatments, but they can be so time-consuming and pricey!” Kardashian explained. “There are a ton of at-home alternatives that are quick to use and less expensive.”

As for her go-tos? “I swear by Dr. Ourian’s laser treatments, but this tool is the next best thing,” the KKW Beauty founder said of the Tria Smoothbeauty Laser. “It helps rebuild collagen to make your skin look more youthful and radiant.”

Related: Stars Go Nude on Twitter and Instagram Check out some of the most revealing and shocking nude photos celebrities have shared on either Instagram or Twitter, including Nicki Minaj taking a topless selfie and Ke$ha posing seductively for the camera.

The social media maven also takes care of her skin by undergoing microdermabrasion treatments. “Microdermabrasion is such a good treatment option for anyone with sun damage, discoloration, acne scars and other blemished,” noted Kardashian, who uses the PMD Personal Micoderm Pro to nurture her skin. “I love doing this type of treatment during the spring and summer, as the sun can be SO damaging to the skin. This at-home tool deeply exfoliates the top layer of your skin to reveal brighter and smoother skin.”

See the at-home spa treatments:

Related: Stars Go Nude on Twitter and Instagram Check out some of the most revealing and shocking nude photos celebrities have shared on either Instagram or Twitter, including Nicki Minaj taking a topless selfie and Ke$ha posing seductively for the camera.

Related: The Best Celebrity Beach Bodies of 2018: Stars Workin’ it in Bikinis and Swimsuits Bikini, swimsuits, tankinis and more! So far in 2018 stars like Jennifer Aniston, Hailey Baldwin and model Kim Kardashian have all been spotted showing their forms in chic swimwear. From creative figure-flattering styles to string numbers, here are the hottest swim looks of the year! For the latest beauty and style trends subscribe to our […]

Kardashian has shared many glamorous photos from her Caribbean getaway with sister Kourtney Kardashian. She previously posted pics of herself via Instagram tanning beachside and taking a dip in the ocean.

See both products! See the Tria Smoothbeauty Laser and the PMD Personal Micoderm Pro!

Us Weekly receives compensation from the manufacturer of the products we write about when you click on a link and then purchase the product feature in an article.

Check our latest news in Google News Follow Us Check our latest news in Apple News Follow Us

For the latest beauty and style trends subscribe to our new podcast ‘Get Tressed With Us’ below!

