Kate Middleton Wears an Emilia Wickstead Plaid Skirt at the RAF Christmas Party Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.

As you start to brainstorm what to wear for your Christmas celebrations, look no further than Kate Middleton for inspiration. The Duchess of Cambridge stepped out today for a holiday party, which she's hosting for military families with Prince William at Kensington Palace, wearing the perfect plaid skirt for the occasion.

The pleated midi piece is , and boasts a bright red, green, and white tartan. For her top, Kate opted for a cardigan by Brora, but cleverly buttoned it up and wore it like a blouse. (The cardigan-as-a-shirt look is a BAZAAR-approved trend for the winter.)

Samir Hussein // Getty Images

Stuart C. Wilson // Getty Images

The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's Christmas party involved families of Royal Air Force (RAF) personnel from the RAF Coningsby and RAF Marham stations currently serving in Cyprus. Prince William was seen making truffles with some of the young attendees, while Kate was seen chatting with some of the children and moms.

Tomorrow, the couple "will fly to RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus to meet with Serving personnel, families living on the base, wider station personnel and members of the local community," Kensington Palace previously announced.

These won't be Kate and William's only holiday plans this year, of course. They'll be spending Christmas Eve and Christmas Day with the royal family at the Queen's Sandringham Estate in Norfolk, a palace source told BAZAAR.com. In the days following, they're expected to spend time with Kate's family in Berkshire.



The Cambridges actually celebrated Christmas with the Middletons in 2016, as they were seen attending church service with the Duchess' family instead of the royals. This year, the'll make time for both sides of the family for the holiday. It'll also be their first Christmas with William and Kate's youngest son, Prince Louis, who was born in April.