Kim Kardashian and Kanye West hit by attempted burglary Your support helps us to tell the story Read more Support Now From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging. At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story. The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it. Your support makes all the difference. Read more

Kim Kardashian and Kanye West were hit by an attempted burglary at their LA home.

According to E! News, two suspects entered the grounds of their Bel Air mansion early on Friday, with the LA Police Department confirming an attempted motor vehicle theft was made around 5am.

The LAPD has confirmed that a witness saw one suspect enter and exit a vehicle before fleeing while a second suspect, who was hiding in some bushes, also fled; the LAPD also stated some personal items were taken from the car.

A source has claimed the suspect attempted to flee with a cell phone, but was caught by the property's security team.

"Nothing of Kim or Kanye's was taken. Their armed security handled it. The guy didn't even make it past the driveway. He was startled by their security, and dropped the phone he was trying to take," they explained.

It's also reported members of the security team drew their guns on the suspect as soon as he entered the bottom of the driveway, meaning the intruder never actually made it to the property, with the burgled car being parked at the bottom of the driveway near the street.



TMZ reports that the thief then entered the property of comedian Kathy Griffin, who lives next door, where he allegedly broke into a car and stole a purse, which was later ditched.

The incident comes just over a year after Kardashian was held at gunpoint during a Paris robbery, which led the family to increase security measures, as revealed by Kris Jenner.

Follow Independent Culture on Facebook for all the latest on Film, TV, Music, and more.