Meghan Markle confirms her father will not attend the royal wedding Meghan Markle has ended the intense speculation over the royal wedding by confirming that her father will not walk her down the aisle when she marries Prince Harry on Saturday.



In a public statement the American actor spoke of her sadness that Thomas Markle Snr, 73, who is said to have undergone heart surgery on Wednesday, would miss her wedding on medical advice.



Within hours, however, the wedding show was back on track, with the royal couple seen arriving at Windsor Castle to have tea with the Queen.



Markle’s mother, Doria Ragland, 61, who is now favourite to walk her daughter to the altar at St George’s chapel, is expected to meet the Queen on Friday and is understood to have had a private meeting with Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall on Wednesday after flying in from Los Angeles.

In her statement released by Kensington Palace, the bride-to-be said: “Sadly, my father will not be attending our wedding. I have always cared for my father and hope he can be given the space he needs to focus on his health.



“I would like to thank everyone who has offered generous messages of support. Please know how much Harry and I look forward to sharing our special day with you on Saturday.”



Planning for the wedding is entering its final day. Markle and the prince arrived in Windsor hours after a full dress rehearsal, watched by thousands who lined the route of the planned carriage procession around the town.

Markle is said to be distressed that her father, a retired award-winning TV lighting director who lives in Mexico, has found himself under intense pressure from the media. The impact on him personally is said to be her main concern, rather than the impact of his absence at the meticulously planned event.



Both she and the prince, who has yet to meet his future father-in-law, are understood to have been in contact with him in recent days.



Kensington Palace has faced criticism over perceptions it has not sufficiently protected both parents from media intrusion. Markle’s estranged half-sister, Samantha Markle, 53, has claimed their father has been terrorised by paparazzi.



Sources said extensive private security and media advice had been given to the parents from the moment Markle’s relationship with Harry became public. Markle’s comment that she has always “cared” for her father may be interpreted by some as alluding to this private support the couple are said to have been giving him.



The developments began on Sunday when her father was accused of staging paparazzi photographs of himself. Having never previously spoken publicly about his daughter’s marriage, he then began communicating through the American celebrity website TMZ.

It first reported he had decided to pull out due to his embarrassment over the photographs. He then changed his mind, apparently after Markle managed to contact him by text. But he was reportedly suffering chest pains following a heart attack last week. On Wednesday he reportedly underwent surgery at a hospital in Mexico.



TMZ later said he was “alert and coherent” after doctors implant three stents in arteries. It quoted him as saying: “I’m OK. It will take a long time to heal. Staying in the hospital a few more days. Not allowed to get excited.”



Kensington Palace has refused to give a rolling commentary on the slew of reports emanating from TMZ. But by Thursday Markle felt she owed it to the public to clarify the situation.



Neither she nor Harry have responded to criticism aired by other members of her family, which has recently dominated the media, and it is clear they have no intention of doing so.