Chris Rock Gets Candid on Divorce and Infidelity: I Wouldn't Get Married Again Even If It 'Would Cure AIDS' Chris Rock is opening up about his intense divorce.

The 52-year-old comedian and his ex wife, Malaak Compton-Rock, split in 2014 after 19 years of marriage, and their divorce was finalized last August. They share two daughters together, 12-year-old Zahara and 14-year-old Lola. Rock covers Rolling Stone's latest issue, and in the revealing cover story, talks about his complicated marriage.

The story includes bits of Rock's stand-up routines over the past few months, in which he says he was unfaithful during the relationship.

NEWS: Chris Rock's Daughter's Girl Scout Cookies Brought Us 8 of the Greatest Moments in Oscar History

"I was a piece of sh**," he tells the crowd during one comedy show.

According to the magazine, he later talks about his affairs and "gets disarmingly specific, describing three women: one famous, one semifamous, and one a member of the retail class." Now, the actor is clearly jaded to the idea of marriage.

"Would I ever get married again?" he says. "Not if it would cure AIDS."

Rolling Stone

The Grown Ups 2 star also talks about his fame in the interview, and how it played into the divorce.

"My faults are magnified," he says. "Your significant other, if they really love you, has a high opinion of you. And you let them down."

Still, he says he's now toned down talking about his marriage out of respect for his ex-wife.

"It's not fair," he notes. "I have a mic, she doesn't. God forbid people are bugging her in the supermarket. That's not cool. I'm going to have to see her at weddings and graduations."

Rock says he's never had a breakdown about his split, though admits he cried once during their custody battle.

"We live in a world where men are assumed to not have feelings," he shares. "All my friends assume I moved into the city after my divorce, away from my girls. When I say I bought a house around the corner, it blows their minds."

The Saturday Night Live alum at one point gets candid while talking to the Rolling Stone writer, who is married with a toddler.

"You got a kid now. You'll be fine. You need each other," he notes. "Need is big. A woman breaks up with you, the first thing she says is 'I don't need this sh**.' She doesn’t say, 'I don't love you,' she says she doesn't need you."

"My own daughter has blocked me on Instagram," he adds. "They grow up so quick."

Now, the comedian says he's in the middle of "starting over."

"Getting divorced, you have to f**king start over," he says. "You get to reset. It's not a breakdown, but something in your life broke down."

EXCLUSIVE: Kevin Hart Supports Chris Rock

Still, Rock has plenty of A-list friends to help him through. Last December, Amy Schumer Instagrammed a pic of her and Rock alongside Leslie Jones, Michael Che, Sam Morril and Colin Jost, the group enjoying themselves sitting courtside at a New York Knicks game.

Watch below: