Sneak Peek Inside T Swift's 8 Homes Taylor Swift may be best known for her impressive music career, though with eight homes across four states, she may be adding “real estate mogul” to her repertoire pretty soon. The 35-year-old pop megastar—who just released her latest album, Life of a Showgirl—is worth an estimated $1.1 billion, according to Forbes, $150 million of which she has invested in real estate.

What was Swift's first real estate investment?

Swift has come a long way, from country girl to global pop star. Her rise to the top began on a Christmas tree farm in Cumru Township, Pennsylvania, before the Swift family moved 15 minutes away to a five-bedroom home in Wyomissing, just outside of Reading, Pennsylvania. It was in a Georgian Colonial–style home that she first began to exhibit an interest in music and started to play guitar. At 14, Swift convinced her parents to move to Nashville to pursue her music career—which is where she made her first official real estate purchase, in 2009, a condo that she still owns today.

What about now?

Swift has been shaking off doubters ever since, winning 14 Grammy awards so far. But it's her relationship with NFL star Travis Kelce that everyone still can’t stop talking about, from on-field kisses after games to date nights in New York City. The couple announced their engagement in August 2025, and since then, they've been spotted house hunting in Ohio. Wedding planning is officially underway, and while the couple is keeping details under wraps, wedding speculation is at an all-time high, and fans are wondering if the expanded Rhode Island mansion might serve as the perfect venue for their nuptials.

What does Swift's real estate portfolio include?

Swift has amassed eight diverse pads, ranging from a $150 million penthouse in Manhattan’s Tribeca neighborhood to an 11,000-square-foot historic landmark in California. And on the heels of a two-year-long world tour that made her a billionaire, there’s no telling how much more she’ll conquer in the kingdom of real estate (and what new songs she’ll sing about them). Plus, with her engagement to Kelce and reports of Ohio house hunting, her real estate empire may soon expand beyond eight properties—potentially adding a ninth to accommodate their new chapter together.

Curious to see the spaces Swift inhabits? See below for a closer look at the star’s properties.