Jenelle Evans smiles during pumpkin patch trip with children as husband David Eason shows unity Jenelle Evans and husband David Eason continued to show a united front on social media after a recent alleged domestic violence incident.

David posted photos on Instagram on Monday of a family outing to a pumpkin patch that included Jenelle's estranged mother Barbara Evans.

He shared snaps of their 20-month-old daughter Ensley sitting on a haystack with pumpkins in the background.

Family outing: David Eason shared photos on Instagram with wife Jenelle Evans during a recent pumpkin patch trip following a recent alleged domestic violence incident

David, 30, also uploaded pictures featuring the whole family on Sunday on Instagram showing them checking out a selection of gourds.

Jenelle, 26 was seen in the foreground of a photo with Ensley and her son Kaiser behind her as well as her mother Barbara.

The family outing came a week after Jenelle hysterically dialed 911 for help after her drunken spouse allegedly assaulted her at their home as she recovered from recent nose surgery.

A leaked recording of her frantic 911 call revealed that Dave had allegedly pinned her to the ground until she heard her 'collarbone crack.'

Pumpkin patch: The couple's daughter Ensley sat on a haystack during the family outing

Big pumpkin: Kaiser wrapped an arm around his sister Ensley as they hauled a giant pumpkin

Good times: Ensley beamed while hanging out with Kaiser on the pumpkin patch

Jenelle was taken to hospital after police responded to her call but no incident report was filed at the time.

A spokesperson for Jenelle downplayed the October 13 incident, insisting that she had tripped and fallen next to a bonfire while hosting friends at home.

The MTV persona walked back her accusations on Friday, telling E! News: 'It was a drunk and dramatic misunderstanding. Everything is great. We are totally fine...just taking time off social media, time to focus on ourselves and our family.'

Wagon ride: Jenelle's 20-month-old daughter shared a wagon with a big pumpkin

David and Jenelle started dating in September 2015 after meeting on Tinder.

Jenelle announced on Instagram in February 2017 that she and David were engaged.

The couple got married on September 23, 2017.

Jenelle has feuded with Barbara since giving her mother custody of Jace. They reached a custody agreement in May 2017 with Barbara maintaining primary custody and Jenelle granted visitation rights.