Jennifer Lopez Has Some Advice for Beyoncé About Raising Twins On February 1, Beyoncé announced she was pregnant with twins via an Instagram photo and a complete maternity photoshoot. The Internet lost its mind; the photo became the record-breaking most-liked post on Instagram, and Twitter took off with memes and GIFs. Though the fanfare following her birth announcement might have been the biggest Hollywood has seen, Bey is joining a group of famous mothers of twins, which will now also include Amal Clooney. One of said mothers, Jennifer Lopez—who has nine-year-old twins Emme and Max with ex-husband Marc Anthony—is here to offer some advice to her fellow star, per Page Six.

“Nothing can prepare you for twins,” she cautioned at the premiere of her NBC series Shades of Blue. “I certainly was not prepared. I would say, ‘Stay calm.’ ”

Her advice is simple but sound. Zoe Saldana, whose twin sons Cy and Bowie Perego-Saldana are two, shared a story with E! News in January that proves raising twins is no task for the faint of heart. She said bedtime alone is a bilingual whirlwind.

“One is more into talking in Spanish. The other is expressing himself more in English,” she added. “One is like, ‘No quiero! No quiero!’ And the other is like, ‘I don't wanna!’ You're like, ‘It's time to go to sleep,’ and they’re both yelling at you all these things. And when they start fighting, they just look like two lads at a pub fighting over like the wrong girl, too. It's like, ‘Ugh!’ It's just vicious. ‘You guys are only two; this is horrible.’ ”

After Celine Dion gave birth to her twins Nelson and Eddy Angelil in 2010, she shared those early days in a special interview in her home on the Oprah Show. Still in her pajamas as she rocked her newborns, the new mother shared her secret to parenting multiples.

“Me, I’m extremely fortunate because I have a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot of help,” the singer said as her mother and sister joined the room to tend to the sleepy babies and allow Dion to pour her morning coffee.

Fortunately for Beyoncé, Tina Knowles Lawson seems to already be on board in the role of proud grandmother.