John Cena and Nikki Bella tease split They got engaged in 2017 during the most romantic proposal Wrestlemania fans have ever seen.

But there might already be trouble in paradise for wrestlers John Cena and Nikki Bella.

A teaser for the series Total Bellas, returning this spring, has just released and it seems like the couple might be ready to take a break from their engagement.

Scroll down for video

Trouble? Nikki Bella cries while asking fiance John Cena if they should call things off in a teaser for the season 3 premiere of Total Bellas

The E! network series follows the lives of the Bella Twins, including their relationships with fellow wrestlers John Cena and Daniel Bryan and their ventures together including their new wine line Belle Radici and their clothing line Birdie Bee.

While Brie is happily married to the now retired Bryan, she is helping her sister cope with the ups and downs of her relationship with Cena. Nikki is also there to help her sister cope with being a first time mom to daughter Birdie.

'Isn't marriage all about sacrifice,' Nikki asks Brie.

'It's about time John starts making some,' Brie responds.

Say what? Cena looks down as Nikki drops the bombshell but no answer was given

Real talk: Brie tells Nikki it's about time John

Recorded months in advance, it's not clear when the conversations took place.

Nikki shared images on Saturday via her Instagram showing that the couple are still very much together and happy.

'Soon to be [married],' she posted as the caption using a diamond ring emoji.

Crazy in love: Nikki posted a photo of she and John kissing on Saturday

Look of love: Total Bellas was shot months ago, so if there was trouble it seems to have been all worked out

Then there was also the question that Brie asks Daniel, 'I wonder if she's pregnant?'

Cena has gone on record about not wanting to have children in the past but he also was adamant about never getting married again.

But with Nikki jumping back into the ring after returning from retirement during Sunday's Royal Rumble, the chance she's with child are slim.

They're back! Nikki and Brie came out of retirement and returned to the ring during Sunday's Royal Rumble

I do: John proposed to the brunette beauty in front of wrestling fans during Wrestlemania 33

'It's definitely something difficult but when you find the man of your dreams you have to be willing to make sacrifices,' Nikki told DailyMail.com about coming to terms with not being a mom.

'I'll admit how cute Birdie is and it makes it difficult to realize that I'll never be a mom.

'But I just think of my career as my baby and that's what I'm going to give my focus to until my last breath.'

Baby love: Brie's daughter Birdie cuddles with dad Daniel Bryan

'And I told John, 'you better get ready to travel around the world because if we're not having kids we're going to see different countries and we're going to see different vineyards around the world.'

'It would be amazing [if one day he'd change his mind],' she added.

'If he said to me one day, 'let's have a kid.' I would do it in a heartbeat. But I don't think that will happen.'

Brie added, 'And he is so obsessed with Birdie.'