Blake Shelton reads mean tweets about his Sexiest Man Alive 2017 title Send this page to someone via email

Blake Shelton shared a video to social media on Thursday where he reads some of his “favourite mean posts” about his new title as People magazine’s “Sexiest Man Alive.”

It was announced earlier this week that People magazine had chosen to honour Shelton with the title this year.

READ MORE: Blake Shelton as Sexiest Man Alive 2017 causes outrage among fans

Story continues below advertisement

While some fans were excited about the country singer’s new title, Shelton also received major backlash on social media after the announcement was made.

WATCH BELOW: Blake Shelton named Sexiest Man Alive – and not everyone agrees

1:03 Blake Shelton named Sexiest Man Alive – and not everyone agrees

Shelton posted the video reading the tweets on his Twitter page, with the caption, “Thank y’all for the supportive words! #Don’tHateMeBecauseImBeautiful.”

Get daily National news Get daily Canada news delivered to your inbox so you'll never miss the day's top stories. Sign up for daily National newsletter Get Started By providing your email address, you have read and agree to Global News' Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy

“Hey guys, Blake Shelton here and I’m backstage at The Ellen Show and I’m just wallowing, celebrating my People magazine ‘Sexiest Man Alive’ honour that’s been bestowed upon me,” Shelton says in the video. “And I wanted to look at social media and see what’s being said out there by my supportive people. So I just wanted to read you some of my favourite mean posts.”

READ MORE: Blake Shelton named Sexiest Man Alive 2017 by ‘People’ magazine

One of the tweets read, “Woke up this morning to the news that Blake Shelton is the Sexiest Man Alive. RIP every sexy man in the world who died in the ‘Great Sexy Plague of 2017’ overnight. You will be missed.” In response, The Voice coach smirks at the camera.

Story continues below advertisement

Another tweet read, “Woke up and saw Blake Shelton is the sexiest man alive. Did a bunch of celebrities die or something last night?” Shelton laughs in response.

Shelton goes on to read another tweet, “Blake Shelton is sexy if you like a guy who’s always about to lean in and tell you about a hearty, healthy American dog food.”

READ MORE: Blake Shelton, Usher perform ‘Stand By Me’ for ‘Hand In Hand: A Benefit For Hurricane Relief’

Later in the video, the singer reads, “Blake Shelton looks like the dad in a drug commercial where they list off the side effects at the end while you watch him build a birdhouse.”

Shelton also reads his “favourite” tweet, “We may be living in a time of division and strife, but at least People Magazine has united us in our certainty that Blake Shelton is not the ‘Sexiest Man Alive.'”

Watch the video above to see Shelton read more tweets.