Where Do Kameron Westscott & D'Andra Simmons Rank Amongst All 101 Real Housewives? - Parker XL So how did their efficiency stack up towards the opposite ninety nine Actual Housewives who’ve come earlier than them? You are going to should learn on to seek out out! (Notice: Solely those that’ve accomplished their first full season, together with reunion specials, are included on the record. Meaning you will need to examine again in a couple of weeks for RHOC beginner Peggy Sulahian !)

Becoming a member of the listing this time are a pair of RHOD newbies who did not waste time stirring issues up within the Lone Star state. Kameron Westscott , the canine lover decided to convey the aforementioned pink pet food into the world, went toe-to-toe with Brandi Redmond almost each probability she acquired, whereas D’Andra Simmons , via whom we met the Mama D (her boss of a mom), wasn’t afraid to place anybody of their place in the event that they have been appearing a idiot—together with longtime good friend and self-described Mouth of the South, LeeAnne Locken .

Now that season two reunion of The Actual Housewives of Dallas is formally over, with speak of knives for arms, pink pet food and Sexual Chocolate firmly in our rear view mirror, it is time for one factor: An replace of our official Actual Housewives rating!

Bravo The Official Rating of The Actual Housewives

We at E! Information cannot get sufficient of The Actual Housewives. We obsess over their feuds, we interject their taglines into conversations on the common, we even obtain their hilarious songs. However not all Housewives are created equal. For each Teresa Giudice, there is a Tammy Knickerbocker. We proudly current the official rating of The Actual Housewives. All a hundred and one of them.

Adam Olszweski/Bravo a hundred and one-ninety eight. The Actual Housewives of D.C.

Bravo’s unwell-fated try at highlighting our nation’s capital introduced collectively 4 ladies so forgettable you would be forgiven for erasing them out of your reminiscence and one so determined for fame that she crashed the White Home. Extra on her later. (These forgettable women? Mary Amons, Lynda Erkiletian, Cat Ommanney, and Stacie Scott Turner.)

Tommy Garcia/Bravo ninety seven-ninety one. The Actual Housewives of Potomac

After two seasons, we will not be bothered with Gizelle Bryant, Karen Huger, Robyn Dixon, Ashley Darby, Charrisse Jordan-Jackson, Monique Samuels, and Katie Rost‘s incessant arguments about etiquette or who the “Grande Dame of Potomac” may be. Sorry, not sorry.

Chris McPherson/NBC/NBCU Photograph Financial institution by way of Getty Pictures ninety. Kimberly Bryant, RHOC

Who?

BRAVO 89. Tammy Knickerbocker, RHOC

Once more, who?

BRAVO 88. DeShawn Snow, RHOA

As soon as upon a time, DeShawn starred on the identical TV present as NeNe Leakes. Shocking, we all know.

BRAVO 87. Quinn Fry, RHOC

Her defining trait was “cougar.” Yawn.

Bravo 86. Kameron Westscott, RHOD

On the one hand, she’s the Housewife who launched the world to pink pet food. However, she’s the Housewife who launched the world to pink pet food.

Bravo eighty five. Siggy Flicker, RHONJ

From peacekeeper in season one to unrelenting complaints a few thrown cake in season two, we’re unsure what is going on on with Siggy, however we do not adore it.

Paul Zimmerman/Getty Photographs eighty four. Dolores Catania, RHONJ

Factors for being prepared to go toe-to-toe with Danielle Staub. Factors subtracted for being unwilling to fault BFF Siggy on absolutely anything.

Bravo eighty three. Kelly Dodd, RHOC

Once more, too new to the franchise to rank any larger. Factors for the really unorthodox dwelling preparations, although.

Gustavo Caballero/Getty Pictures for Allied-THA eighty two. Karent Sierra, RHOM

All we keep in mind about Karent is that she was a dentist and none of her co-stars appeared to love her in any respect. Subsequent!

Adam Olszweski/Bravo eighty one. Cristy Rice, RHOM

This was an actual individual with a present on Bravo. We promise.

Bravo eighty. Jules Wainstein, RHONY

As RHONY‘s most up-to-date one-and-completed, Jules’ tenure was too temporary to rank any larger. Nevertheless, she positive did ship her justifiable share of drama.

Adam Olszweski/Bravo seventy nine. Larsa Pippen, RHOM

If solely we knew then that she was Kim Kardashian‘s BFF…

Jeff Daly/Bravo seventy eight. Ana Quincoces, RHOM

Higher luck on Subsequent Meals Community Star, Ana!

Bravo seventy seven. Joyce Giraud de Ohoven, RHOBH

Nothing greater than a punching bag for Brandi Glanville. Plus, her tagline celebrating the icky notion you can by no means be too skinny was gross.

BRAVO seventy six. Cindy Barshop, RHONY

Cindy was purported to be the brand new Bethenny Frankel. Cindy was no Bethenny Frankel.

Bravo seventy five. Amber Marchese, RHONJ

Every little thing Amber and her husband Jim did appeared to reek of desperation. Plus, he was concerned in additional of the drama than she was. Not a very good look.

Mike Pont/Getty Photographs seventy four-seventy three. Teresa Aprea and Nicole Napolitano, RHONJ

So pointless they could not even get particular person taglines.

Gabriel Olsen/FilmMagic seventy two. Lizzie Rovsek, RHOC

One other considered one of OC‘s one-and-accomplished Housewives.

Jason Kempin/Getty Pictures seventy one. Cary Deuber, RHOD

Cary proved herself prepared to face as much as the loudest of voices (e.g. LeeAnne Locken), however one thing about her marriage makes us uncomfortable. Perhaps it is her husband’s bizarre obsession with shopping for her whole wardrobe.

Bravo 70. D’Andra Simmons, RHOD

Her willingness to name BFF LeeAnne Locken on her BS, in addition to the introduction to her pleasant mom Mama D, are why D’Andra’s ranked as excessive as she is.

Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Photographs sixty nine. Lydia McLaughlin, RHOC

Lydia’s largest storyline was making an attempt to get her mother to quit smoking weed. Buzzkill!

Jason Kempin/Getty Pictures sixty eight. Tiffany Hendra, RHOD

Tiffany by no means actually had a storyline of her personal within the first season of Dallas. Until making an attempt to persuade her Keith City-lite husband that dwelling in Texas was a good suggestion is your concept of riveting tv.

Carlos Barrios/Getty Pictures for Luli Fama sixty seven. Lisa Hochstein, RHOM

Lisa’s wrestle with fertility was an emotional watch, however that was about all there was of word on her time on Miami.

Bravo sixty six. Stephanie Hollman, RHOD

Stephanie’s BFF relationship with Brandi Redmond is a delight, however Brandi all the time shines a bit brighter. Additionally, WTF is up with Stephanie’s husband and his lists?

Dylan Rives/Getty Pictures for Venue Journal sixty five. Alexia Echevarria, RHOM

Factors for correctly stepping away in season two to give attention to her son after his horrific accident, however Alexia was by no means that fascinating on her personal.

Charles Sykes/Bravo sixty four. Adriana de Moura, RHOM

Adriana was the proper of loopy. Too dangerous she was caught on the sinking ship that was Miami.

Bravo sixty three. Joanna Krupa, RHOM

Joanna’s most memorable Housewives contribution was her offscreen feud with Brandi Glanville. That is not how this works, Joanna.

Gustavo Caballero/Getty Photographs for Maaji sixty two. Marysol Patton, RHOM

Marysol was solely stored round as a result of her mother Elsa was such a riot. You recognize, we all know, and she or he is aware of it.

Bravo sixty one. Kathryn Edwards, RHOBH

All of us cheered when Kathryn took on the notorious Faye Resnick as quickly as she made her Beverly Hills debut. After which we snored by means of the remainder of her temporary time on the present.

Robin Marchant/Getty Pictures 60. Lea Black, RHOM

Lea was the grande dame of Miami and her co-stars knew it. Nobody dared cross her. Additionally, her husband as soon as represented Justin Bieber in courtroom!

Bravo fifty nine. Brandi Redmond, RHOD

Did you ever anticipate a Housewife to speak about poop a lot? We did not. We additionally did not anticipate to be as delighted by it as we have been.

Bravo fifty eight. Dorit Kemsley, RHOBH

Dorit, she of the indiscriminate European accent (regardless of being born in Connecticut) and boorish husband PK, got here in scorching when she was added to RHOBH in season seven, instantly pitting herself towards fan-fave Erika Girardi in a feud that appeared to solely exist in her head. She generated some nice drama, however her incapability to defend herself articulately towards her superior co-stars prevents her from rating any greater. (And if we ever hear the phrase Pantygate once more, it is going to be too quickly.)

Virginia Sherwood/Bravo fifty seven. Lisa Wu-Hartwell, RHOA

Lisa was a wonderfully positive Housewife, however we do not need simply fantastic. Not when she’s sharing the display with NeNe Leakes.

Bravo Photograph: Mitchell Haaseth fifty six. Lynne Curtin, RHOC

Lynne truly acquired an eviction discover on digital camera. Always remember!

Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Photographs fifty five. Jo De La Rosa, RHOC

Jo was the primary Housewife to discover her musical pursuits, kicking off considered one of our favourite tendencies within the franchise. However factors deducted for being the individual to foist Slade Smiley upon the world.

Rodolfo Martinez/Bravo fifty four. Carlton Gebbia, RHOBH

The franchise’s first and solely training Wiccan, Carlton was fairly a personality. Sadly, she by no means actually appeared to need to be round any of the opposite ladies. In any respect. Bye, witch!

Tommy Garcia/Bravo fifty three. Peggy Tanous, RHOC

Peggy got here in as a pal of Alexis Bellino and instantly revealed she as soon as dated her husband. What a pal!

Bravo fifty two. Tinsley Mortimer, RHONY

With only one season underneath her belt, RHONY‘s ninth, the previous socialite’s story principally concerned her tumultuous time crashing at Sonja Morgan‘s townhouse, the place her pal handled Tinsley like her surrogate daughter—for higher or (principally) worse.

Mathieu Younger/Bravo fifty one. Kristen Taekman, RHONY

Keep in mind the time that Ramona Singer threw a wine glass at her face?

Gerald Herbert/AP Photograph 50. Michaele Salahi, RHODC

Michaele is the one cause anybody even remembers RHODC. Sadly, that is as a result of she and her husband crashed a state dinner on the White Home on digital camera. The White Home!

Bravo Photograph: Mitchell Haaseth forty nine. Lauri Peterson, RHOC

Lauri’s time on RHOC was typically consumed by her child’s brushes with the regulation, however her villainous return in season eight was very entertaining.

Jim Spellman/WireImage forty eight. Alex McCord, RHONY

Alex by no means actually felt like part of the group, nor did she appear to have the mettle to wrestle with the large canine. Keep in mind the best way she all the time broke out into hives throughout confrontations?

Bravo forty seven. Claudia Jordan, RHOA

Claudia dared to tackle NeNe Leakes and lived to inform the story. Sadly, she could not inform it on digital camera as a result of she was given the boot after only one season.

Bravo forty six. LeeAnne Locken, RHOD

The franchise’s first former carny, LeeAnne’s mood was in contrast to something we might ever seen earlier than. She even went after a digital camera man throughout one notably fiery outburst!