Gal Gadot Delivers The Most 'Wonder Woman'-Inspired Speech At 2018 Critics' Choice Awards Days after Gal Gadot responded to James Cameron's criticisms of Wonder Woman, the Israeli actress has proved - once again - she is a real-life Wonder Woman in her inspiring #SeeHer acceptance speech at the 2018 Critics' Choice Awards.

Dressed in a stunning plunging-neckline silver Prada gown, the 32-year-old was introduced to the stage by her superhero film's director Patty Jenkins, who explained why the star more than deserved to win the second annual #SeeHer award.

With the special trophy aiming to recognise the importance of accurately portraying women in the entertainment industry, Jenkins said of the former Miss Israel: 'She excelled at every aspect of the universal hero's struggle in real life on and off the screen.'

Getty Images

'But the really special thing is, she didn't do it for the glory. She didn't do it for the fame. She's not here for the money. She did it for us.

'She knew the great importance of this character and what she could mean to the world if well done.'

When Gadot stood in front of the mic, she thanked Patty - who has officially signed on to direct the Wonder Woman sequel - for her generosity.

She didn't do it for the fame. She's not here for the money. She did it for us.

'The whole process of making this film inspired me and I hope it inspires others,' said a visibly emotional Gadot.

'When I started acting, there were very few female-led movies and even fewer female directors. This year, three of the top-grossing films were female led and one of them was directed by my wonderful Patty Jenkins.'

Last year, Wonder Woman officially became the highest-grossing superhero origin film of all time, topping the likes of 2002's Spider Man and 2016's Deadpool.

'There were eight other films in [the] top 100 which were directed by females,' added the actress. 'So although this is progress, there's still a long way to go. It's not only our job to entertain, but our duty to inspire and educate for love and respect.'

I mean, could we love the woman anymore right now?

Erm, yes we could.

Getty Images

At the end of her speech, the star addressed the inspiring movements in Hollywood protesting against sexual misconduct and inequality, such as #MeToo and the Time's Up initiative.

Dedicating her award to the men and women fighting for change, she said: 'I want to share this award with all the women and men who stand for what's right, standing for those who can't stand or speak for themselves.

'My promise and my commitment to all of you is that I will never be silenced. And we will continue to band together to make strides uniting for equality.'

Gadot - a Wonder Woman both on and off the screen.

Related Story The Best Looks From The 2018 Critics\' Choice Award

Related Story Gal Gadot Finally Responds to James Cameron