Game of Thrones star Kit Harington is booted out of a bar Game of Thrones star Kit Harington has been caught on video getting kicked out of a New York City bar after a dispute around the pool table.

The video, shot Friday night in Barfly, a cozy dive bar in the otherwise upscale Gramercy Park neighborhood, shows the actor who plays Jon Snow arguing with bouncers and patrons.

The context of the dispute is unclear, but 31-year-old Harington appears at points to be attempting to locate his coat and belongings in a manner disruptive to the other revelers.

His leading-man charm didn't appear to impress one young lady, who tartly tells him 'Say excuse me' as he tries to jostle past her.

Kit Harington as Jon Snow is seen with Emilia Clarke as Daenerys Targaryen in Game of Thrones. The show's stars are among the highest paid in television

Harington leans over the pool table in the crowded neighborhood pub and yells unintelligibly. Bouncers and patrons are seen reeling him back as he struggles

The bar has only one pool table, squeezed into cramped quarters outside the restrooms.

According to one eyewitness, Harington was booted out of the bar and left, but then came back in and had to be physically dragged out into the cold by bouncers, TMZ reported.

Representatives for Harington did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment.

In September, London-native Harington announced his engagement to Game of Thrones co-stare Rose Leslie.

Harington, along with his top billed co-stars on Game of Thrones, is among the highest paid actors on television.

Harington was seen conferring with this mystery man, who seems to be a member of his party

The mystery man points the way to the door as Harington looks reluctantly out into the cold

Kit Harington and his fiancee Rose Leslie are seen in July attending the season seven premiere of Game Of Thrones at Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles

He and the other leading cast members make $500,000 per episode, according to a report this summer from Variety.

He reportedly snapped up a £1.75million home with Leslie, 30, in East Anglia late last year.

The couple met on set of the hit HBO show when she appeared as wildling Ygritte.

They were previously believed to be on the house hunt in New York, but instead settled on a medieval 15th century timber home in the English countryside.

It is unclear what Harington was doing in New York at the time of the bar incident.