Elizabeth Olsen and Robbie Arnett make debut at Emmy party Elizabeth Olsen and Robbie Arnett have been dating for months.

But they only made heir first official appearance as a couple on Friday evening.

The stars looked in love as they were arm-in-arm at the 2017 Gersh Emmy Party in Los Angeles.

Official: Elizabeth Olsen and Robbie Arnett have been dating for months, but only made their first public appearance in LA on Friday

Elizabeth, 28, is an actress whose sisters are the twins Mary Kate and Ashley from the TV series Full House. They are now fashion designers.

Robbie, 25, is the vocalist for the band Milo Greene, a band he started with friends while in college in 2009.

Elizabeth and Robbie were first linked back in March of this year when they were seen holding hands.

Networking night: They were at a bash thrown by the Gersh Agency, a talent agency firm

The facts: Elizabeth, 28, is an actress whose sisters are the twins Mary Kate and Ashley from the TV series Full House. They are now fashion designers. Robbie, 25, is the vocalist for the band Milo Greene

Hobnobbing: Elizabeth was also photographed with David Gersh. He is the co-president of the Gersh Agency

At the splash Emmy event Elizabeth wore a cream-colored sweater and wore her blonde locks down.

Her partner modeled a daring sheer pink blouse.

Elizabeth was also photographed with David Gersh. He is the co-president of the Gersh Agency.

Lovely ladies: Also there was Ariel Winter, left, and Debra Messing, right

In May Olsen told Elle: 'It's a privilege to get to have a job in this industry, and I would never change it for the world, but I have a hard time with the pressure of looking cool, like fitting into dresses that were off a model's body.'

Most actresses are give sample sizes from fashion houses that are size 0 and 2 and they expect the stars to fit into them.

'I am not that. I don't think I'm fat and I don't think I'm overweight, I'm very happy with what I look like, but I don't fit into those things and it's a little uncomfortable. So, that kind of part of the job is a little frustrating.'

The others: Her sister Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen in May in NYC

She added: 'The cool thing about watching my sisters is to me they've always handled everything with so much class.

'When you meet them in a work environment you know how capable they are, and how well their minds work, because you can't miss it. It's because of how disciplined they are, how interested they are, and how committed they are.

'So, to me, no one can take anything away from you or try and devalue you, if you know that you're capable, and you know that you deserve to be there because you did put in the work, and you did put in the time.'

Elizabeth then talked about some of her Wind River co-stars: 'On set, I think if you're there and you're with all these men –I mean Taylor and Jeremy could be intimidating men, because they're very direct and straightforward—there's not a lot of BS with them–I can match that, and I don't feel like I'm making myself like a dude, but I can match that kind of, Yeah, I know why I'm here, too. I have an opinion, let's talk about it. I think women in history are supposed to be quiet, and supporters, and nurturers, and agreeable, but the value of your opinion is huge.'

Her next films is 2018's Avengers: Infinity War.