Harvey Weinstein news: Academy expels embattled producer amid sexual assault allegations Updated Oct. 14, 2017, 8:10 p.m. ET

Harvey Weinstein, the embattled producer accused by some of Hollywood's leading actresses of sexual assault, was expelled Saturday by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences board.

The board reviewed Weinstein’s membership during an emergency meeting and released a statement Saturday afternoon saying it "voted well in excess of the required two-thirds majority to immediately expel him from the Academy."

The statement from the Academy said, "We do so not simply to separate ourselves from someone who does not merit the respect of his colleagues but also to send a message that the era of willful ignorance and shameful complicity in sexually predatory behavior and workplace harassment in our industry is over. What’s at issue here is a deeply troubling problem that has no place in our society. The Board continues to work to establish ethical standards of conduct that all Academy members will be expected to exemplify."

A couple of famous members of the Academy tweeted in support of the board's decision.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

Actress Mia Farrow, whose son Ronan recently published a New Yorker investigation with rape and sexual assault allegations against Weinstein's, wrote that she's proud of the Academy, and "hopefully we are witnessing the end of an awful era."

Actor Ron Perlman also said he's "proud of their decision to expel Harvey Weinstein."

Actress Marlee Matlin tweeted, "Bravo" to the Academy for "highlighting willful ignorance and complicity.”

Weinstein becomes the second person ever to be kicked out of the Academy, after Godfather actor Carmine Caridi, who was removed in 2004 for illegally sharing Oscar screeners. Meanwhile, several Hollywood figures known for alleged sexual misconduct, including Roman Polanski and Bill Cosby, remain members.

Over his career, Weinstein has cobbled together 341 Oscar nominations and 81 wins. His films include The King's Speech, TheArtist and Shakespeare in Love, all of which won best picture.

Earlier: Bob Weinstein speaks out

Fallout from the Harvey Weinstein scandal continues more than a week after an explosive New York Times investigation detailed decades of sexual harassment accusations against Weinstein. The Weinstein Company, which he helped to found has fired him, and Weinstein's wife, fashion designer Georgina Chapman, announced she was leaving him.

In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter published Saturday, Weinstein's brother Bob said he's living in "a waking nightmare."

Bob Weinstein, co-founder of The Weinstein Company, said he knew that his brother was a philandering bully, but had no idea "the type of predator" his brother is accused of being. "I want him to get the justice he deserves," Bob Weinstein said.

More: A timeline of Harvey Weinstein