Lawsuit against Jim Carrey from ex-girlfriend's family dismissed Updated Feb. 1, 2018, 6:08 p.m. ET

Jim Carrey is no longer facing a lawsuit from the family of his late girlfriend, Cathriona White.

"The case against him has been dismissed," Carrey's attorney, Raymond Boucher, told USA TODAY.

Carrey, 56, began dating makeup artist White, 30, in the summer of 2012 after they met on a film set. The Irish-born woman was found dead in a Sherman Oaks, Calif., home on Sept. 28, 2015; the Los Angeles County coroner's office later ruled White took her own life by overdosing on prescription drugs, including Ambien, Propranolol and Percocet (oxycodone and acetaminophen).

The actor was a pallbearer at her funeral in Ireland.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

In 2016, Carrey was hit with a wrongful death lawsuit from his late girlfriend's husband, Mark Burton, her mother, Brigid Sweetman, and their lawyer, Filippo Marchino, accusing him of illegally obtaining and giving her the powerful painkillers she used to kill herself in September 2015. They also alleged that Carrey gave White “three STDs without warning her.”

Carrey countersued, saying White had tried to extort him after the two broke up in early 2013 and that he made a "mistake" of settling a false STD claim with her to avoid mounting a public defense, which "is a very costly and painful process."

The Hollywood Reporter says that Carrey's attorney had recently asked the court to compel Burton to provide White's STD test results. Through discovery, Boucher came to the conclusion that a 2011 document showing White had clean test results prior to meeting Carrey was a forgery.

On Thursday, he told USA TODAY the underlying case was voluntarily dismissed by the plaintiffs, removing the possibility of Carrey, 56, going to trial.

Michael Avenatti, the attorney for Sweetman and Burton, did not immediately respond to a request for comment from USA TODAY.

At the time of White's death, Carrey issued a statement calling her "a truly kind and delicate Irish flower, too sensitive for this soil, to whom loving and being loved was all that sparkled."