Jenelle Evans reveals she almost overdosed on heroin Her sobriety struggles have been well documented on MTV's Teen Mom 2.

In a new interview with E! News Jenelle Evans talks about her troubled childhood, struggle with drug addiction and her hostile relationship with her mother.

The 25-year-old reality star admitted she once came close to killing herself as her substance abuse spiraled out of control.

'I think my low point was with my drug issue and the whole heroin thing,' the North Carolina native said.

Scroll down for video

Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans opens up about her struggle with drugs and troubled relationship with her mother in a new interview

'I think my low point was with my drug issue and the whole heroin thing,' the North Carolina native said

'I almost overdosed and died. I was trying to run away from my problems' she admitted.

Jenelle recalled the moment that she realized she had to get help.

'When I started withdrawing for the first time in my life, I was like, "This is not the way I want to live," she explained.

'This is scaring the s*** out of me, and I need to get help right now.'

The TV star says she's in a better place after checking into a New Jersey hospital to detox with the help from her fiancé David Eason.

'I was trying to run away from my problems': Her sobriety struggles have been well documented on MTV's Teen Mom 2 but Jenelle admitted she almost died from a heroin overdose

'When I started withdrawing for the first time in my life, I was like, "This is not the way I want to live," she explained

Her violent outbursts have made for dramatic episodes of the MTV show and Jenelle told E! News that she blames a lot of her anger issues on her father leaving when she was young.

'My mom just took the role as mom and dad growing up, she was very hostile and yelling and screaming all the time.'

The mother-of-three has been embroiled in a custody battle with her estranged mother Barbara for several years over her seven-year-old son Jace.

Jenelle's mother has had custody of her eldest son since she signed him over to her in 2010.

Jenelle says she's in a better place after checking into a New Jersey hospital to detox with the help from her fiancé David Eason

Jenelle told E! News that she blames a lot of her anger issues on her father leaving when she was young

When asked why she thinks her mother doesn't want her to take custody of Jace, Jenelle explained she think it's because she feels entitled to her son after raising him.

'[Barbara] knows if she gives him to me that I will cut her off. That will be it. She's scared,' Jenelle explained to E! News.

Asked what their relationship is like now, Jenelle admitted: 'I think our relationship's lost,'.

In May the two came to an agreement after a court appearance which allows Jenelle to see Jace on weekends, holidays and in the summer.

'I think our relationship's lost,' Jenelle revealed she thinks there's no hope of mending her relationship with her mother Barbara

Jenelle's mother still has custody of her eldest son Jace (pictured) but she now gets to see him on weekends and holidays

Jenelle shares Jace with ex Andrew Lewis and she also has son Kaiser, three, with ex Nathan Griffith.

She gave birth to daughter Ensley with her current fiance David in January.

The couple announced their engagement in February and plan to marry on September 23.

Jenelle's book Read Between the Lines: From the Diary of a Teenage Mom is out July 25.

Season 8 of Teen Mom 2 premieres July 17.

New chapter: Jenelle is marrying her fiance David Eason on September 23