Lenny Dykstra’s seduction of ‘horny’ Lena Dunham went horribly wrong Looks like Lenny Dykstra is still swinging for the fences.

The former Mets partyboy tried to slide into Lena Dunham‘s DMs on Thursday night after the actress declared she was “horny for baseball players.”

“DM me,” the former center fielder tweeted in response.

Dykstra later downplayed the offer — saying, “Oh, I’m just looking to tease her and break her heart” — but the damage was already done.

“You guys I’m being simultaneously trolled & seduced by @LennyDykstra this day has gotten really f–king weird,” Dunham tweeted.

To which Dykstra replied, “You know deep down you want to take a ride on the space shuttle.”

Obviously disgusted by the comment, the “Girls” star quickly fired back: “Do you just sit around asking your friends ‘what’s the least witty way I can revolt a woman?”

Dykstra answered, “Come on, I can be so much less witty than that.”

But things didn’t end there.

The two continued their back-and-forth for nearly an hour — with Dykstra, also known as “Nails,” beaming one outrageous tweet after another at Dunham, much to the chagrin of Twitter users.

“What are those famous words they always end up saying, #NailsNation? ‘I can’t believe I’m doing this,'” he tweeted.

“I’m shaken to my core by the latest turn of events,” Dunham said.

“She seems to have some anger issues,” Dykstra said to one of his followers. “I might want to help her with that. I have a gift, and I like to help people.”

In response, Dunham said: “It’s so true. I’m mad. Can I borrow your bat.”

“Any time, my dear. Darryl Strawberry’s is bigger though. #SwampMule,” Dykstra said.

Dunham concluded the Twitter spat with a tweet saying she was “excited” about her new “stalker” — prompting Dykstra to drop his most cringeworthy diss yet.

“I love when they’re trying so hard to act like they’re playing hard to get!” he said.

“Lenny was quick as hell here,” wrote one person.

“Lenny…gross. Have some self-respect,” another said.

SBNation reporter Matt Allaire added, “slow down on the locker room talk lenny.”

Dykstra, who was the scrappy former leadoff hitter for the Mets from 1985 to 1989, has garnered quite the reputation as one of Major League Baseball’s biggest bad boys over the years.

The World Series winner recently made headlines for allegedly trashing a ritzy Hamptons hotel room — and attempting to swipe the towels, bedsheets and receptionist’s sunglasses.

He appeared to find out about Dunham’s post after one of his followers flagged it up to him Thursday night.

“Thanks, dude. I responded,” Dykstra said.

The user replied, “Lmao Lenny, thank you for this.”

Coincidentally, Dunham currently runs a newsletter called “Lenny Letter” — which some users pointed out Thursday.

“Lenny Letter, but run by Lenny Dykstra,” joked NY Mag writer Gabriella Paiella.

“The sex tape names itself,” tweeted Ben Miller.

Connor Goldsmith added, “now THIS is a lenny letter.”