Modern Family's Sarah Hyland shuts down anorexia claims like a BOSS Stop what you’re doing and gather round, because actress Sarah Hyland has something very important she wants to get off her chest.

Advertisement

The Modern Family star has faced harsh criticism over her weight from a number of fans, with some even going as far to say that she’s suffering from anorexic.

But enough is enough, with Sarah taking to Twitter to set the record straight…

https://www.instagram.com/p/BUc8Up6FKex/?taken-by=therealsarahhyland&hl=en

“I’d like to address something that has not only been brought up on Twitter but has been heavily discussed by all of you in my Instagram comments. That something is my weight,” she wrote on May 25.

Advertisement

“I normally don’t comment on things like this because it draws attention to those trying to spread negativity but I’m here to explain a few things and spread love.”

Sarah, 26 – who has previously struggled with kidney dysplasia and needed a kidney transplant in 2012 – explained that she has been dealing with health issues, and that any weightloss can be put down to them.

Loading the player...

And while she didn’t go into specifics, she did say that this past year hasn’t been “the greatest for her” and that it brought a lot of changes – physically and mentally.

Advertisement

“I am not a fan of ‘being skinny,’ ” she continued.

“‘Eat a burger,’ ‘Your head is bigger than your body and that’s disgusting’… And you’re right! No-one’s head should be bigger than their body but considering I’ve basically been on bed rest for the past few months, I’ve lost a lot of muscle mass.”

“My circumstances have put me in a place where I’m not in control of what my body looks like.”

https://www.instagram.com/p/BN6IDpODKDu/?taken-by=therealsarahhyland&hl=en

Advertisement

Sarah is trying to maintain a healthy diet and lifestyle and eat protein to keep up her muscle mass while she isn’t working out. She also admitted that she isn’t letting the haters keep her down.

“My self-confidence is not rendered from your comments. Because I will always be too fat. I will always be too skinny. I will never have enough curves to be called a woman. And I will always be a slut for wearing a push-up bra,” she concluded. “Love the you you set out to be. Be the best version of yourself. Be healthy.”

You tell ’em, Sarah!

Related

Advertisement