Total Bellas: Nikki Bella 'not excited' trying on wedding dresses Nikki Bella already had cold feet when she was trying on wedding dresses for her May 5 nuptials to John Cena, which were canceled.

In a preview for Sunday's episode of Total Bellas, the 34-year-old beauty looks anxious and unhappy when she tries on gorgeous gowns with her family looked on in a clip shared by E!

'I thought you're supposed to be excited for this. Like when you watch the movies or all I'll hear from my friends is like, "Oh my gosh, greatest day! Break out the champagne!" And like for me, there's just something that's not feeling right,' said the star.

Scroll down for video

not the best feeling: Nikki Bella already had cold feet when she was trying on wedding dresses for her May 5 nuptials to John Cena, which were canceled

Regret: In a preview for Sunday's episode of Total Bellas, the 34-year-old beauty looks anxious and unhappy when she tries on gorgeous gowns with her family looked on in a clip shared by E!

First we see the family walk in. That includes her sister Brie as well as her grandmother.

The dresses are showstoppers with intricate lace and rhinestones and full skirts. Even the veils are intricate and eye-catching.

Brie begins, 'Finally, my sister is trying on wedding dresses! I am so excited to be here 'cause Nicole has been dreaming about this moment forever, so hopefully we find the one.'

The first dress looks spectacular on Nikki showing off her impressive curves, but she doesn't have that pre-wedding glow.

Not feeling it: 'I thought you're supposed to be excited for this,' said the bombshell

Glass half empty: She added, 'Like when you watch the movies or all I'll hear from my friends is like, "Oh my gosh, greatest day! Break out the champagne!"'

Forced smile: The curvy wonder also said, 'And like for me, there's just something that's not feeling right'

That is when she remarks that she doesn't feel 'excited.'

She also said she just wants to get it all over with as she makes it clear she is not relishing this moment.

Still, Brie pops open a bottle of champagne and they celebrate even though Nikki looks like she wants to pass out.

'To you getting married!' Brie toasts. 'So, here's to the girl who was always a bridesmaid, but now is finally a bride.'

Good one: The dresses are showstoppers with intricate lace and rhinestones and full skirts. Even the veils are intricate and eye-catching

A big sign: Bella never cracks a big smile and instead looks like she wants to flee

'Finally!' Nikki cheers.

Total Bellas airs Sunday at 9 p.m. on E!

This comes days after Bella told Life & Style she did end up picking out a wedding dress and she is still holding on to it in case she decides to walk down the aisle at a later date with the WWE star.

'I kept it because, honestly, I think that John and I will probably end up together. He is my best friend and I love him,' she said.

All the right dresses: The gowns are lovely but they don't make the Total Divas star smile

Problems are there: In her later interview she wears red and makes a grim face

Not what she expected: The star admitted that she just wanted to get the session over with

The beauty also explained to the site why she canceled her wedding.

'I just didn't want to walk down that aisle and give those vows and have hesitation or have regret,' she said.

'The day I give those vows, I truly want to be with that person until death do us part, and I have that hope for John and I. I really do. But right now I just have to deal with the issues that gave me cold feet.'

This comes after news that she tried to return her diamond engagement ring to John when they split over a month ago.

Her fan club: Brie sits with a pal and a woman who looks to be their grandmother

She's happier than Nikki! Brie begins, 'Finally, my sister is trying on wedding dresses! I am so excited to be here 'cause Nicole has been dreaming about this moment forever, so hopefully we find the one'

So many choices: There were even wedding dresses with pink in them

But the 41-year-old action star wouldn't take it, a source told UsWeekly. And now the diva may be slipping that rock back on because according to People, they are very much back together.

As far as the ring, 'Nikki tried to return the Tiffany & Co. engagement ring to John, but he refused to accept it.

'Nikki loves the ring but didn't want to keep it because she had been the one to call off the wedding.'

The source added: 'John was hoping they will get back together, which was the main reason why he refused it... John wanted Nikki to keep it as a reminder of their love.'

But it looks as if they are very much back together as they were seen in San Diego side by side.

Holding on: Bella told Life & Style Weekly she has kept her wedding dress in case she decides to marry John Cena; seen on Total Divas trying on gowns earlier this year

She likes it: Here the beauty is seen with a lace gown with a long, sheer train

'They're basically back together,' a source told the site, which added a big problem was that she wanted children but he was hesitant.

She has since said that she now believes he wants kids and that makes her happy.

'This was never really about ending their relationship— it was about calling off a wedding because something didn't feel right,' the source said.

'It was a wedding that was entered into under false pretenses. She was pretending she was okay with not having a kid, he was pretending he absolutely couldn't and wouldn't budge on that point.'

The source added: 'They both got a wake-up call once they canceled the wedding, and they both realized they could fix what was broken.'

She loves him! 'I kept it because, honestly, I think that John and I will probably end up together. He is my best friend and I love him,' she said; seen in 2017

On Saturday they were pictured as they went for coffee and a casual stroll through San Diego.

Cena worked hard to win Bella back. During a TODAY interview, John spilled his feelings.

'I still love Nicole. I still would love to marry Nicole. I still would love to have a family with Nicole,' he said.

Those remarks then left Nikki speechless.

'Wow. Well, I'm speechless. That's crazy,' she told Extra after being briefed on his love proclamation.

That rock! She tried to return her diamond engagement ring to Cena when they split over a months ago. But the movie star wouldn't take it, a source told UsWeekly. Seen in early April

'I just want John and I both to live happily ever after whether it's together or separate and I just don't want us to go down the road in life and have regrets of like 'I did this for you' or 'you did this for me,' so I think it's okay in relationships to take that moment.

'The day I say my vows, I want to say them once and I want to fully mean them.'

A closer look at the Tiffany & Co ring

On Total Bellas, which will air on Sunday, Bella seemed nervous about celebrating her engagement.

'So the engagement party is here. I feel so overwhelmed,' she said. 'I honestly feel like I'm about to have an anxiety attack. I just feel like I'm on this roller coaster of emotions and I feel like I'm going to explode. It's just all too much for me.'

Cena senses she feels off.

'Just promise me you're going to enjoy today? I can see you preoccupied with everything,' he said. 'I just want you to be happy.'

She adds that she misses her late grandfather. 'This stuff makes me miss my Pop-Pop,' she says. 'I just wish he was here for it.'

'So have fun today. You miss that person because you shared so many wonderful moments,' he tells her.

Total Bellas airs Sunday at 6pm on E! in the UK.