Justin Timberlake Praises Jessica Biel's Role on 'The Sinner' So sweet! Justin Timberlake took to Instagram on Monday, July 31, to praise his wife, Jessica Biel, for her performance on her new TV series, The Sinner.

Related: Jessica Biel’s Red Carpet Evolution See how Jessica Biel -- the star named by Us Weekly readers as their Celebrity Style Crush -- has changed her look over the years

“OK, I know I’m not exactly fair and maybe biased here, but my wife’s new show – @thesinnerusa – is amazing,” the 10-time Grammy winner, 36, captioned a trailer for the eight-episode USA Network crime drama. “It’s like nothing I’ve seen her in before, and she’s incredible in the role. You should check it out when it premieres Wednesday on USA. –JT.”

The actress, 35, plays Cora, a young mother living in upstate New York who commits a brutal act of violence against a stranger. The series, which many critics are calling a “whydunit” rather than a “whodunit,” follows Cora and her inner struggles as viewers attempt to decipher whether her crime was motivated. “I just did it. And I don’t know why,” a blood-soaked Cora says in one teaser.

Related: Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel Through the Years Bike rides, courtside PDA, red carpet glam, and more! See how Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel's friendship evolved into romance.

Biel opened up about The Sinner, which is based on Petra Hammesfahr‘s 2008 novel of the same name, during a recent appearance on the Today show. “We are not looking for who, we are looking for why,” she said of the plot. “Why did this seemingly normal young woman who has a family and a child and husband, why did she do this horrific act? … We all as human beings have the possibility to snap and we don’t do it. But what makes us cross the line?”

Related: Justin Timberlake’s Most Memorable Film & TV Roles As he turns 31, look back at his best credits

The 7th Heaven alum also revealed how she’d react if her and Timberlake’s 2-year-old son, Silas, decides to become an actor one day. “It’s hard to say no because I was given so many opportunities and my family was so supportive of everything, even when I was so young. But it’s hard to say yes because it’s such an intense experience,” she said on Today. “It’s a tough business. It’s a ruthless business. I would be hesitant if he was so young.”

The Sinner premieres on USA on Wednesday, August 2, at 10 p.m. ET.