Nico Tortorella comes out as gender-fluid and gets full drag makeover Younger star Nico Tortorella has come out as gender-fluid in a candid interview—all while undergoing a full drag makeover with the help of a RuPaul's Drag Race star.

Nico, 29, who plays heartthrob Josh, a hip tattoo artist who falls for a woman in her forties in TV Land's hit series Younger, has previously identified as sexually fluid and bisexual.

In March, Nico tied the knot with Bethany Meyers, a fitness instructor who identifies as gay, and with whom the actor has been in a polyamorous relationship for a decade.

Scroll down for video

Before and after: Younger star Nico Tortorella has come out as gender-fluid in a candid interview—all while undergoing a full drag makeover with the help of a RuPaul's Drag Race star

Makeover: Trinity 'The Tuck' Taylor (right) worked on Nico's make-up, which included pink glitter brows, a matching beard, and full, long lashes

In a new interview for Them, Nico, who has recently started using the neutral pronouns 'they', 'them', and 'theirs' instead of 'he', 'him', and 'his', told Trinity 'The Tuck' Taylor, from the ninth season of Drag Race, how they have come to recognize and embrace their gender fluidity.

'You identify as gender-fluid,' Trinity told Nico while taking care of the actor's make-up.

'This isn't actually anything that I've really talked about on a public level quite yet, but I just pretty recently have come to terms with the fact that maybe I'm not fully cisgender,' Nico responded.

'And what does that mean?' the Younger star continued. 'I think the vocabulary for that is so wide right now and it's like picking which word fits best.

'I'm not quite at that stage yet, but I don't feel one way or the other.'

Nico then explained that they are currently quite fond of the word 'cissy, with a "c"', defining it as 'kind of cisgender-ish, but like, a little soft'.

Couple: In March, Nico tied the knot with Bethany Meyers, a fitness instructor who identifies as gay. They are pictured at the Annual GLAAD Media Awards earlier this month in New York

Partners: Nico and Bethany (pictured on their wedding day in March) have been open about their queer relationship, challenging the boundaries of gender and sexuality

'The most flack that I get from anything that I talk about, being bisexual or fluid, is from specifically white, cis, gay men,' Nico told Trinity.

'The trolls online love to just waste their time pounding away on keys.'

The actor and Bethany, 27, have been incredibly open about their queer relationship, which they are proud to celebrate as a challenge to the stereotypical boundaries of gender and sexuality.

'I think for so long there’s been like one quote-unquote normal way of life,' Nico, who describes Bethany as a 'soulmate', told the Advocate last year.

'And anybody that doesn’t live in that structure needs to find a home of sorts. And I think labels are really important for kids, especially, [who] can't find their tribe where they are, and need to go find their people, their family. For that reason, I think labels are extremely important.'

Nico has done drag in the past, and previously debuted their drag queen persona on social media. This time, however, Trinity took almost full control of the creative process, with some input from Nico.

Fiction: On Younger, Nico plays heartthrob Josh, a hip tattoo artist who falls for Sutton Foster's character, a woman in her forties (who passes as a 26-year-old)

'When I'm shooting my show, I'm like the boy version of drag,' Nico said in reference to Younger. 'This is a chance for me to show the real me.'

Trinity promised to deliver, telling the actor: 'We'll make you snatched.'

'I have a beard, which we're going to have to work with,' Nico added. 'I just want to go, like, big, and colorful and poppy and Trinityesque.'

Trinity started by gluing down Nico's brows, explaining that the glue stick acts like a 'barrier' between the hair and make-up, reducing the appearance of the brows.

Then, Trinity used liquid foundation on Nico's face, along with a stick foundation as a highlight color.

While Trinity was working on Nico's contouring, Nico asked whether the drag queen has ever had sex in drag, to which Trinity responded: 'Never, nope.'

Nico, however, shared: 'I mean, there was one point when I was still drinking, for Halloween one year I got into full drag and I went on a little bender...'

The actor later explained that they stopped drinking 'because I was just hurting myself'.

Tricks of the trade: Trinity used glue stick to minimize the appearance of Nico's eyebrows before applying make-up onto the actor's face

Process: The drag queen used liquid foundation on Nico's face, along with a stick foundation as a highlight color, before working on contouring

Options: Nico first tried on a pink bodysuit, which didn't fit, in their search for the perfect outfit

Finished look: Nico eventually settled on a pink ensemble with a crop top paired with a black corset, tiny black gloves and a golden statement necklace

Trinity ended up giving Nico pink glitter brows, full lashes, and a sparkly glitter beard matching their brows.

'You look fierce,' Trinity said after completing the actor's make-up, with Nico adding: 'I feel like I could also get into a fight if I needed to, you know what I mean?'

It was then time for what Trinity called 'the worst part' of the process—the tuck, which some people who do drag resort to in order to avoid having a bulge.

Nico used duct tape and paper towels to complete that step, after which Trinity told Nico to put on 'three pairs of tights at least'.

Nico also used hip pads for a curvier silhouette before trying on various outfits.

'I feel like every man on Earth should go through this at least once, and I dare them to call me a sissy,' Trinity said while Nico adjusted their tights.

The actor first tried on a pink bodysuit, which didn't fit, and a metallic top that proved too narrow for their chest.

Nico eventually settled on a pink ensemble with cutout pants and a matching crop top, paired with a black corset, black shoes, tiny black gloves and a golden statement necklace.

The actor also put on a dusty purple wig before striking a few poses in front of the camera.

'I feel beautiful,' Nico said, clearly reveling in their new look.

Trinity, admiring the final result, told the actor: 'You look gorgeous.'