Royal Wedding Photographer Bribed Kids With Smarties The struggle is real when it comes to taking group portraits of kids. Someone is always picking their nose, crying or fussing with their dress. Yet royal wedding photographer Alexi Lubomirski managed to nail the perfect shot on Saturday, May 19.

Related: 10 Photos of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s Wedding That Make Us Believe in Love Prince Harry and Duchess Meghan blew people away with the love they showed for each other on their wedding day. The royal couple did not shy away from being affectionate with one another throughout their big day and shared those intimate moments while millions of people were watching. The nuptials took place on Saturday, May […]

In the impossibly cute picture, six bridesmaids and four page boys — all under the age of 8 — posed around Duchess Meghan (nee Markle) and Prince Harry. But Lubomirski can’t chalk it all up to talent.

“They were being bribed with one Smartie here, one Smartie there,” the photographer told Reuters in an interview published on Wednesday, May 23. (Smarties in the U.K. aren’t chalky candies, but rather colorful, sugar-coated chocolate confections manufactured by Nestle.)

“As soon as the kids came onto the set, I immediately just shouted out ‘Who likes Smarties?’ and then everybody, hands up, smiles, even some adults put up their hands,” recalled Lubomirski. They are certainly a favorite with Prince George and Princess Charlotte. The Telegraph reported that their nanny, Maria Borrallo, promised them Smarties after the ceremony if they behaved!

Related: Prince Harry and Duchess Meghan’s Wedding Timeline Introducing the Duke and Duchess of Sussex! Prince Harry and Duchess Meghan officially became husband and wife at St George’s Chapel at Windsor Castle in England on Saturday, May 19. Harry, 33, and Meghan, 36, exchanged vows in front of approximately 600 guests. He teared up when he first saw his bride walking down the […]

Lubomirski also opened up about capturing the the Duke and Duchess of Sussex laughing on the steps of St. George’s Chapel.

“It was just one of those magical moments, when you’re a photographer and everything falls into place,” he told Reuters. “The sun is setting right just over the top of Windsor Castle just behind them, it was just the most serene, beautiful light, they’re in love, walking around this beautiful garden.”

Related: Prince George and Princess Charlotte’s Cutest Moments at the Royal Wedding: Photos Royal cuteness! Prince George and Princess Charlotte were quite the showstoppers at their uncle Prince Harry’s wedding to Meghan Markle on Saturday, May 19. Prince William and Duchess Kate’s two kids served as page boy and bridesmaid during the nuptials, while their youngest son, Prince Louis, stayed home with his nanny. The adorable pair were […]

That’s when he had the idea for them to sit down on the stairs. “She just slumped in between his legs,” he revealed. “They were just laughing because they were joking about how they were exhausted and finally it was over.”