Ashley Graham reveals makeup free face during facial in Instagram post She's one of the world's most gorgeous women.

And ashley graham let her natural beauty shine through on Friday, when she revealed her makeup free face in a candid Instagram Story.

At one point the 30-year-old gave a creepy laugh as she wore a full facial mask.

Soul glow: Ashley Graham let her natural beauty shine through on Friday, when she revealed her makeup free face in a candid Instagram Story

In the video, the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue pinup reclines as she shows off her glowing skin.

The makeup free beauty shows off her freckles in the video.

She plugs her skincare expert in the video - after initially forgetting how to pronounce the woman's name.

Taking it easy: In the video, the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue pinup reclines as she shows off her glowing skin

Whoops: She plugs her skincare expert in the video - after initially forgetting how to pronounce the woman's name

Later in the video, the plus-size model wears a face mask - reminiscent of that worn by Hannibal Lecter in The Silence Of The Lambs.

Graham emits a creepy laugh for the benefit of her 7.3million Instagram followers.

While she's known for being an advocate for body confidence and her sizzling turns in Sports Illustrated, the Vogue cover star recently admitted her early days as a catalogue model led to an extremely turbulent period.

The Nebraska-born beauty told Harper's Bazaar: 'That was a really low point in my life. I moved to New York at 17 and started being reckless. People think of me as a good girl but I had a bad streak.'

Fava beans: Later in the video, the plus-size model wears a face mask - reminiscent of that worn by Hannibal Lecter in The Silence Of The Lambs

A nice chianti: Graham emits a creepy laugh for the benefit of her 7.3million Instagram followers

'I was doing drugs, I was having sex with the wrong men, I was eating all the wrong food, I wasn’t working out and I wasn’t taking care of myself spiritually.

'That, over the course of a year or two, will have an effect on you. I gained 25 pounds; I was a US size 18. Agents were telling me my career was over.'

The star has been praised for her stunning size 14 figure and has become the toast of the fashion world, and said she hopes to 'redefine beauty' with her success in the industry.

Dark days: The Vogue cover star recently admitted her early days as a catalogue model led to an extremely turbulent period

She said: ‘I’m always going to be me. But this isn’t only about standing up and saying, “Hey, I am who I am.” My goal is to make a change in the world.

'It’s about women - all women - saying “I’m included in this.” We need to work together to redefine the global definition of beauty as beyond size.

Ashley has been married to videographer Justin Ervin since 2010.