Meghan Markle’s family’s anger as sister to cash in on relationship with Prince Harry Splash News/Reuters Meghan Markle's family are furious with her sister Samantha over her plans for a tell-all book

Prince Harry’s girlfriend’s paternal half-sister, Samantha, has made no secret of her contempt for the Suits star. She will now release The Diary of Princess Pushy’s Sister, addressing her apparently fraught relationship with Meghan.

Wheelchair-bound Samantha, 52, has branded her famous sister a “self-obsessed” social climber and claimed Meghan has not spoken to her since she was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 2008. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Samantha said of her sister: “The Royal Family would be appalled by what she’s done to her own family.”

However other members of Meghan Markle’s family do not agree with her sister.

Samantha Markle’s mother Rosalyn, the first wife of Meghan’s father, has branded her daughter a liar and claims she is trying to drag her half-sister down to compensate for her own problems. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

She told the Mail on Sunday: “Samantha has been estranged from her family for some time. Everything she said about Meghan is a lie. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

“When you are not a happy person you want to drag everyone down with you.”

Meghan’s father Thomas Markle is also said to have been “deeply wounded” by his eldest daughter’s comments.

A source said: “When the two older kids started talking to the press, Tom was appalled.”

They added: “The negative publicity was very hurtful to him. Tom isn’t close to his older kids. He dotes on Meghan.”

The latest news and gossip from the Royal Family plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

It comes as Prince Harry is expected to announce his engagement to Meghan Markle in a matter of months.