Justin Theroux, 47, steps out in Paris with Spider-Man actress Laura Harrier, 28 He recently opened up about his split from ex wife Jennifer Aniston for the first time.

And on Monday, Justin Theroux, 47, cut a casual figure as he was spotted out and about in Paris with American actress and model Laura Harrier, 28.

The actor looked sombre as he strolled through the streets of the French capital clad in a muted ensemble.

Who's that girl? Justin Theroux, 47, cut a casual figure as he was spotted out and about in Paris with American actress and model Laura Harrier, 28

Justin teamed black skinny jeans with a coordinating T-shirt, and wrapped up with a khaki bomber jacket.

The Mute star donned well-worn black biker boots as he hunted down take-away coffee with his female companion.

The handsome actor sported a full moustache and beard, styled his hair into messy spikes, and shielded his eyes with gold-framed shades.

In stark contrast to Justin's low-key look, Laura ensured that she didn't go unnoticed by opting to wear a bold pillar-box red outfit.

Standing out: In stark contrast to Justin's low-key look, Laura ensured that she didn't go unnoticed by opting to wear a bold pillar-box red outfit

What's on your mind? The actor looked sombre as he strolled through the streets of the French capital in search for coffee, clad in a muted ensemble

The raven haired beauty teamed cropped leather-look red trousers with a coordinating shirt which she fastened only two buttons of, allowing a sexy flash of stomach to be displayed.

The BlacKkKlansman actress kept warm with a red brocade jacket and slipped into a pair of pointed black flats

She accessorised with gold hoop earrings and shielded her eyes with retro shades, while leaving her raven tresses to hang down onto her shoulders.

MailOnline has contacted a representative for Justin for comment.

Wow! The raven haired beauty teamed cropped leather-look red trousers with a coordinating shirt, which she fastened only two buttons of, allowing a sexy flash of stomach to be displayed

Oh hey there: Laura hid her face behind a pair of wire rim sunglasses

The aesthetically blessed pair were first spotted together at the end of May at Hotel du Cap-Eden-Roc in the South of France.

The Leftovers star flexed his washboard abs and did his best to impress his much younger companion by showing off his strength on cliff-side ropes and a trapeze.

Both decked out in swimwear, the duo couldn't keep their eyes off each other as they frolicked in the French Riviera.

The pair were in town to attend Louis Vuitton event at the Fondation Maeght in Saint-Paul-de-Vence.

Later that same day the two enjoyed a cosy meal together in an intimate setting, and appeared to be engrossed in each other's company.

Laura made her major film debut playing Peter Parker's high school girlfriend Liz in last year's Spider-Man: Homecoming.

Talented: Laura made her major film debut playing Peter Parker's high school girlfriend Liz in last year's Spider-Man: Homecoming

Just over a week ago Justin opened up about his split from ex wife Jennifer Aniston, telling the New York Times their separation was different than a normal couple's would have been because it was so 'amicable'.

'[It] doesn't have that seismic shift of an ordinary couple, where everything is, like, you have to tear a baby in half,' he said.

'Neither one of us is dead, neither one of us is looking to throw hatchets at each other. It's more like, it's amicable. It's boring, but, you know, we respected each other enough that it was as painless as it could be. It was heartbreaking only in a sense that the friendship would not be the same, as far as just the day to day.'

The Maniac star went on: 'But the friendship is shifting and changing, you know, so that part is something that we're both very proud of.'