Paris Jackson goes casual in sweats at Daily Front Row Fashion Media Awards during NYFW She has been a busy bee this New York Fashion Week.

And Paris Jackson's schedule included a red carpet stroll at the Daily Front Row Fashion Media Awards this Thursday.

The 20-year-old daughter of the late Michael Jackson dressed down for the event at the Hyatt Park New York, wearing a low-key ensemble from sponsor Zadig & Voltaire, which featured a pair high-waisted olive green pants.

Stepping out: Paris Jackson's chockablock schedule included a red carpet stroll at the Daily Front Row Fashion Media Awards this Thursday

Her Parole Mili pant hems were pulled up slightly, nearly to knee level, and she flashed her trim midriff beneath the a tie-dye tee from the brand, which Paris tied up in order to expose her stomach.

Paris, who has an elder brother known as Prince and a younger half-brother nicknamed Blanket, modeled Zadig & Voltaire's High Buckle shoes.

Playing up her features with heavy makeup, Paris let her wavy hair down and strung on a tangle of necklaces including one with a purple tassel.

Her Thursday itinerary included a stop-off at Gallery 1 at Spring Studios for the Jeremy Scott show, which attracted quite a collection of stars.

Keeping it simple: The 20-year-old daughter of the late Michael Jackson dressed down for the event, wearing Parole Mili olive green sweats to the Hyatt Park New York

And the winner is... The beauty was on hand to present an award at the star-studded ceremony

Girl's best friend! Paris even brought her dog Koa along to the event, with the model sharing a cute hug with her pooch upon arrival

Paris found herself seated on the front row between rapping sensation Cardi B, who rose to international fame last year, and globetrotting supermodel Gigi Hadid.

On Gigi's left was Tiffany Haddish, whose turn in the 2017 comedy Girls Trip made her a star, and on Cardi's right was her sister Hennessy Carolina.

For that event, Paris was in a plunging, colorfully striped V-neck crop top and a pair of bright scarlet pants, plus a double-circlet round her head.

VI-Pooch: Paris even gave Koa a taste of the red carpet action as they posed for snaps together

Boho babe: Paris flashed her toned midriff in a crop top that was emblazoned with a tie-dye print, a trend that has become the beauty's signature

Confident: The star showed off her charisma as she spoke to guests and presented an award at the event, which was attended by the likes of Gigi Hadid and Priyanka Chopra

The flowing bell bottoms of her pants spread across the floor as she posed standing up, showing off her chiseled midsection to advantage.

She slid stacks of bracelets onto both her wrists and wore what appeared to be the same necklaces she had put on for the Daily Front Row event.

Paris got to mingle with the designer himself, who wore a statement tank top opposing the confirmation of Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh.

Mingling: Her Thursday itinerary included a stop-off at Gallery 1 at Spring Studios for the Jeremy Scott show, which attracted quite a collection of stars such as Cardi B (left)

Place to be: Paris found herself seated on the front row between rapping sensation Cardi B (left), who rose to international fame last year, and globetrotting supermodel Gigi Hadid (right)

What a lineup: On Gigi's left was Tiffany Haddish (right), whose turn in the 2017 comedy Girls Trip made her a star, and on Cardi's right was her sister Hennessy Carolina (left)

She looks fabulous: Cardi flashed her cleavage in an off-the-shoulder black top that clashed fashionably against her eye-popping leopard-print leggings

Hand at the hip: For that event, Paris was in a plunging, colorfully striped V-neck crop top and a pair of bright scarlet pants, plus a double-circlet round her head

Showing her assets: The flowing bell bottoms of her pants spread across the floor as she posed standing up, showing off her chiseled midsection to advantage

Meanwhile, Cardi flashed her cleavage in an off-the-shoulder black top that clashed fashionably against her eye-popping leopard-print leggings.

Gigi had slid into a full-sleeved LBD that allowed her to flash her statuesque crossed legs as she sat observing the progress of the models down the catwalk.

Tiffany was also in a black ensemble, though hers was bustier than Gigi's and she contrasted it against a white clutch that sat on her lap.

Glam up: She slid stacks of bracelets onto both her wrists and wore what appeared to be the same necklaces she had put on for the Daily Front Row event