Your Next Netflix True Crime Obsession Might Actually Have a Satisfyin In 1969, a nun in Baltimore went missing. Two months later, her body was found. Her name was Sister Cathy Cesnik. She was a beloved 26-year-old teacher at the local Archbishop Keough High School, and her death left the community confounded: Who would want to hurt this woman? Decades later, the case is still unsolved—but the circumstances around it have grown wild and complex, with police desperate to determine if Cesnik’s death had anything to do with a major sexual abuse scandal at the school. What did she know? And who, ultimately, used that information against her?

The mysterious murder is coming to light this spring thanks to Netflix, which is releasing a seven-part docu-series about Cesnik’s death titled The Keepers. A new trailer, released on People, is giving true-crime fans a first look at the series, and is already striking an ominous, conspiratorial tone.

The trailer’s main action is led by locals who knew Sister Cathy, particularly two former students who have never stopped trying to solve the devastating murder. After Cesnik’s death, many quickly linked her case to the alleged covered-up sexual-abuse scandal by priest Father Joseph Maskell, who was accused of sexually abusing dozens of school girls. He later paid settlements to his accusers, per People.

But two of the accusers, Jean Wehner and Teresa Lancaster, decided to participate in the Netflix documentary, directed by Ryan White. The series digs into the allegations, attempting to untangle the dark web Maskell—whom White describes as a “sociopath”—allegedly weaved, and trying to bring to light all the insidious participants who helped him get away it.

“This is a story of accountability and, at best, dozens of people and institutions dropped the ball and didn’t protect children and adults,” White tells People. “At worst, dozens of people and institutions covered things up so it could never be brought to light or were directly involved in crimes.”