The Bachelor's Bekah Martinez Responds to Age Controversy The Bachelor‘s Bekah Martinez took to Twitter to hit back at her fellow contestants who said she is too young for Ari Luyendyk Jr.

Related: ‘The Bachelor’ Season 22: Meet Arie Luyendyk Jr.’s Bachelorettes! Who will get the final rose? Arie Luyendyk Jr.’s season 22 of The Bachelor is quickly approaching and the contestants have officially been announced. The list features 29 women from all over the country — and it includes a personal stylist, a social media manager and a fitness coach. Scroll down to meet the Bachelorettes […]

“ah, yes. 22 really is SO young compared to the other girls,” she tweeted on Monday, January 22. “hopefully one of the many 25/26-year-olds this season can grant me some of their ancient wisdom.”

She also joked about the controversy, writing, “if i’m ‘too young’ and ‘immature’, explain how this week i did all my laundry and put it away immediately WITHOUT LEAVING IT IN A PILE ON THE COUCH FOR 3 DAYS?? #adulting #ready4marriage.”

ah, yes. 22 really is SO young compared to the other girls. hopefully one of the many 25/26-year-olds this season can grant me some of their ancient wisdom. — bekah martinez ♡ (@whats_ur_sign_) January 23, 2018

if i’m “too young” and “immature”, explain how this week i did all my laundry and put it away immediately WITHOUT LEAVING IT IN A PILE ON THE COUCH FOR 3 DAYS?? #adulting #ready4marriage — bekah martinez ♡ (@whats_ur_sign_) January 23, 2018

(Some commenters on Martinez’s posts pointed out that fellow bachelorette Maquel, who left the competition earlier in Monday’s episode after learning that her grandfather had died, is only 23.)

Related: Celebrity Couples With Surprisingly Big Age Differences See how big of an age gap these star couples have between them!

As previously reported, Luyendyk, 36, and Martinez finally discussed their 14-year age difference on the ABC dating show, after it was a hot topic of debate among some of the other contestants.

“I think if she omits her age again, she’ll come home [from their date],” Caroline said. “I think if she tells him how old she is, I think he’ll end it tonight.”

But Luyendyk told Us Weekly earlier this month that as far as he is concerned, “age isn’t really a thing.”

Related: The Bachelorette After the Final Rose: Broken Engagements, Weddings, Babies, and More! Find out what happened after the final rose for former Bachelorettes like Trista Rehn, Jillian Harris, Emily Maynard, and DeAnna Pappas, and their last men standing.

“It’s more about maturity [and] if that person is ready for marriage, if they’re ready for that next step in their life,” Arie told Us. “That’s not really even a factor until you really know if there is a potential there. So for it to be an issue at this point, I don’t think it’s really a conversation yet.”

Luyendyk gave Martinez a rose after their date but told Ashley Iaconetti and Ben Higgins on their Almost Famous podcast that he was shocked that she was 22. “I really expected her to be in her mid-twenties,” he said, adding, “I couldn’t deny the fact that there were a lot of feelings toward her … At that point in the show, I was probably the most connected to her and that made things really difficult for me.”

The Bachelor airs on ABC Mondays at 8 p.m. ET.