Rose McGowan recounts rape by 'famous' man when she was 15, cancels remaining appearances Updated Feb. 2, 2018, 9:33 p.m. ET

It's been a heady 48 hours for Rose McGowan.

Friday afternoon, she announced via Twitter that she was canceling the remainder of her public appearances, referring to an argument with a transgender woman during a book-promotion event Wednesday in New York.

"I am canceling upcoming public appearances because I have given enough," she wrote. "I have given beauty, in return, I was VERBALLY ASSAULTED for two full minutes by an actor paid to verbally assault a woman who has been terrorized by your system. And no ONE in that room did anything."

The trans woman had taken offense to a July remark McGowan made on RuPaul’s podcast in which the actress had said “trans women are not like regular women,” reminding her that they actually are more often the targets of rape and domestic violence.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

McGowan walked that back, but things went south when the audience member asked her what she'd done for trans women and McGowan replied, "What I do for the (expletive) world and you should be (expletive) grateful."

Variety has a play-by-play of the altercation. McGowan, reacting to the story later called the trade publication "scum" in a succinct tweet.

On Thursday, during a conversation with journalist Ronan Farrow at New York’s 92Y, she said the woman had been a plant sent by Harvey Weinstein, whom she has publicly accused of rape. (Farrow reported last fall that Weinstein had paid former spies to keep tabs on both of them, as well as other accusers and journalists telling their stories.)

“That’s absolutely 100% False," Weinstein rep Holly Baird told USA TODAY in a statement. "No one is monitoring her whereabouts. It’s unfortunate that she is choosing to marginalize a community that is fighting to have their voice heard by claiming that the individual was a “plant” of my client. It’s simply untrue and disrespectful to the Transgender community.”

New rape allegation

During the panel discussion, the activist, whose memoir Brave and E! reality series Citizen Rose both arrived in the last week, revealed that she was sexually abused by another "very famous" man when she was 15, eight years before her alleged rape by Harvey Weinstein.

After McGowan described her childhood in the Children of God cult, Farrow prompted her to discuss a new claim of statutory rape by a "prominent" Hollywood man from when she was 15. She declined to name him personally, saying there was a "timing reason." (Farrow said he knows the alleged molester's name.)

According to The Hollywood Reporter, which was present at the event, she recalled, "He took me home after he met me and he showed me a soft-porn movie he had made for Showtime under a different name. And then he had sex with me."

At first, she said, "in my mind, playing it back, I had been attracted to him, so I always filed it away as a sexual experience."

Rose McGowan: It's time everyone 'shut up andlisten'

McGowan, now 44, says she didn't really even comprehend that she'd been molested until after Farrow broke her story last October. Then her thinking evolved to: "That creep did this to a 15-year-old." Then one night in bed, she said to herself, "'Oh my god. I think that's molestation."

The new remarks came two days after McGowan revealed she doesn't like her Charmed co-star and Time's Up activist, Alyssa Milano, in an interview with ABC's Nightline. "I think she's a lie," she told Juju Chang. "I know she's married to a CAA agent (David Bugliari). Do the math. Who's behind Time's Up? CAA."

She reiterated a point she made to USA TODAY earlier in the week, when she called the talent agency "a company of pimps that sent so many into the Monster's (Weinstein's) lair."

McGowan and Farrow also walked the audience through the timeline of going on the record with her rape accusation against Weinstein, who earlier this week called her rape claim a "bold lie." (She fired back that the mogul's rebuttal was an "old-fashioned, sexist" attempt to "slut shame" her.)

Farrow explained that she didn't let him use her name in his first report because she was already paying lawyers to fight Weinstein and didn't want to pour gasoline on the fire.

McGowan added that it was also partly because she didn't think NBC, where he was working when he began the story, was the right venue. "NBC was not the right place, it was never the right place," she said, adding then while she was talking to Ronan she was also speaking to The New York Times. "I needed to get two newsrooms in a fight, because I had lost out by men having ego contests for years. I had to use that angle."

Farrow conceded, "It worked. It got the story out."

Farrow also asked McGowan about the drug charges filed against her in Virginia, where she flew ahead of the Women's March in January 2017. The charges only came to light after the Weinstein stories were published. At the time, she said believed the drugs were planted on her by Weinstein's paid spies and the arrest warrant was an attempt to silence her.

She recalled her November booking tearfully, saying, "When they slapped those handcuffs on me, they were cold and heavy. I had a plan for my mugshot of looking tough. I was not in my body. When they did that, I did what I did when I was raped, I floated above. In that photo, I am literally not there...There must be some kind of justice."

Weinstein: Timeline of Hollywood success and hidden abuse