Coco Austin puts on a busty display she steps out Chanel She loves to dress in the same outfits as her baby daughter Chanel.

And Coco Austin once again took her 14-month old out in matchy-matchy black and white checked shirts on Thursday.

The 37-year-old wife of rapper Ice-T put on a very busty display as she spilled out of her tank top, in New York City.

Scroll down for video

Style twins! Coco Austin once again took her 14-month old out in matchy-matchy black and white checked shirts on Thursday

The former swimwear model made a splash in bright red skinny leg jeans, which she also chose for her little one.

Coco defied gravity in vertiginous scarlet heels as she stepped out in the sunshine with Chanel on her hip.

She pulled her long blonde tresses into a high ponytail and made sure she was in a full-face of make-up including lashes.

Matching! The 37-year-old wife of rapper Ice-T put on a very busty display as she spilled out of her tank top, in New York City

The California-native - who has been married to Ice T since 2002 - accessorised her look with giant hoop earrings.

The 58-year-old rapper - whose real name is Tracy Lauren Marrow - was quick to point out how much his youngest child looks like him, on Thursday.

He took to Twitter to share a proud-dad snap of Chanel, who was apparently mimicking her father's frown.

Similar looks: The California-native - who has been married to Ice T since 2002 - accessorised her look with giant hoop earrings

Turning heads: She drew admiring glances as she pulled her long blonde tresses into a high ponytail and a full-face of make-up including lashes

He captioned: 'Lol! I wonder where @BabyChanelworld got her Mean Mug from?? Lol!'

Even in a pink Minnie Mouse bathrobe, it was hard to miss the similarity, and Coco also commented on social media: 'got daddy’s frown down.'

Coco said recently that she's hoping her daughter will steer in a different direction from her own modeling career, as she grows up.

Mini-me! Ice T shared this picture and captioned: 'Lol! I wonder where @BabyChanelworld got her Mean Mug from?? Lol!'

'I'm going to try and push her away from modeling,' the star wrote in her blog last year.

''It's going to be hard because I'm probably going to have a camera in her face and she's going to learn how to model but at the same time I don't want her to focus on that as a career. I want her to do something that I couldn't do.'

Ice T also has 40-year-old daughter LeTesha, and son Ice Tracy Marrow, 24 from previous relationships.

Revealing lady: The 37-year-old often dresses her child in matching outfits - pictured earlier this month in matching swimsuits