America's Got Talent tiny dancers recreate Dirty Dancing Nobody puts these babies in the corner.

And after their incredible performance on America's Got Talent, nobody could think to put adorable dancers Artyon, eight, and Paige, nine, anywhere but center stage.

Even the hard-to-please Simon Cowell couldn't help but be won over by the pair's sensational routine, which saw them performing an incredible series of moves inspired by the hit 1987 movie Dirty Dancing.

The time of their lives! Paige, eight, and Artyon, nine, wowed the judges on America's Got Talent with their sensational Dirty Dancing-inspired moves

Moving and grooving: The tiny dancers performed an energetic routine to the song The Time of My Life from the hit 1987 movie

Paige and Artyon even recreated the iconic scene in which Patrick Swayze's character lifts Jennifer Gray high above his head, leaving guest judge, Heidi Klum's ex-husband Seal with his mouth open, and prompting a loud scream from host Tyra Banks.

Indeed, the duo made quite the impression on at least some of the judges from the moment they walked out onto the stage, with Howie Mandel asking Heidi whether seeing Paige and Artyon was 'like looking in a mirror' thanks to their adorable resemblance to herself and ex Seal - who, interestingly, was sat next to his former wife on the panel as a guest judge.

Clearly unfazed by their proximity to one another, the couple, who officially ended their seven-year marriage in January 2012, gamely laughed at the suggestion, with Heidi even noting: 'They're a mini Seal and Heidi!'

Never one to miss an opportunity for a sarcastic joke, Simon wasn't going to let the moment slide, however, calling out: 'Awkward!' while everyone else on the panel giggled nervously.

Reach for the stars! Paige and Artyon confessed that they plan to get married when they are older, having been dancing together as best friends for a few years already

Flying high! The duo even performed an impressive move that was inspired by the iconic 'lift' which takes place in the finale dance of Dirty Dancing

Inspiration: In the movie, Jennifer Gray is lifted up above Patrick Swayze's head

Paige and Artyon didn't miss a step, however, quickly introducing themselves to the audience while clasping hands.

'We're always gonna dance together and we're probably gonna get married when we get older,' said Paige when asked about the tiny couple's future.

'And if the marriage doesn't work out, you'll still be good friends and you can work together,' Howie told the adorable duo, pointing at an awkward-looking Heidi and Seal as an example of how exes can remain friends and colleagues without any bitterness.

No doubt eager to move on from the subject of her former marriage, Heidi asked the tiny dancers what song they were planning to perform to.

'Time of Our Lives,' referring to the song The Time of My Life, which was used in the finale of Dirty Dancing.

Awkward? Judge Heidi Klum compared the duo to herself and her ex-husband Seal, who was serving as a guest judge on the episode of the show

You just can't resist them! Even the hard-to-please Simon Cowell was smiling ear-to-ear after seeing the tiny couple's routine

A pleased crowd: Judges Heidi, Seal and Mel B. gave the dancing duo a standing ovation and some in the audience even shed tears

Further explaining their musical choice, the duo added: 'Cause it's America's Got Talent, and we're having the time of our lives!'

Paige and Artyon then proceeded to wow the judges with a complex routine that saw them flipping, pirouetting, and at one point even flying across the stage, with Artyon leaping over his young partner and into a forwards somersault, leaving every single judge open-mouthed in shock.

And it wasn't just the judges who were won over by the dancers' passionate performance - even members of the audience were seen wiping away tears as the pair competed their dance.

Even Simon - who confessed he was unimpressed with Paige and Artyon the first time he saw them dance - couldn't help but crack a wide smile as they danced their way across the America's Got Talent Stage.