Bachelor In Paradise's Carly Waddell and Evan Bass wed Their season of Bachelor In Paradise ended up with him popping the question.

And now lovebirds Carly Waddell and Evan Bass are finally exchanging 'I do's.'

The reality personas tied the knot this weekend in an intimate ceremony with family and friends in Puerto Vallerta, Mexico according to a Saturday report from Us Weekly.

Making it official! Bachelor In Paradise's Carly Waddell and Evan Bass tied the knot in an intimate ceremony this weekend. Above the pair are pictured in a June 15 Instagram

Series host Chris Harrison had the honors of officiating the ceremony while BiP alums Jade Roper and Tanner Tolbert were among the wedding's guests.

Carly and Evan are the only couple still going strong from last season of Paradise.

Couples Josh Murray and Amanda Stanton broke up in March while Grant Kemp and Lace Morris split last November.

Magic moment: Carly and Evan are the only couple from BiP's third season who are still together. Above you can see Evan pop the question during last season's finale of Paradise

Host with the most! Chris Harrison (above) had the honor of officiating the ceremony while BiP alums Jade and Tanner were also among the guests

Their nuptials will be broadcast during a special episode of the ABC dating show this summer.

And while Carly and Evan's wedding will still get the silver screen treatment, season four of Bachelor In Paradise is still in indefinite hiatus.

Last week the show's production came to a screeching halt after allegations of misconduct emerged following the first day of shooting on the steamy dating game.

Unclear future: While Carly and Evan's wedding will air on ABC during a special Bachelor broadcast, the fate of Bachelor In Paradise is up in the air following the emergency cancellation of season four

The scandal stems from a hookup between contestants Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson.

After the duo learned they would be paired together for a storyline on the partially-planned reality series, Corinne and DeMario embarked on a night of heavy drinking and hooking up which ended with Jackson publicly performing oral sex on his fellow contestant.

Although there were multiple witnesses to the drunken tryst on the first day of filming, a complaint was only filed after a producer raised serious concerns about Corinne's ability to consent after reviewing the footage from the previous day. Production was halted shortly thereafter.