Kym Johnson Gives Birth, Welcomes Twins With Robert Herjavec Ballroom babies! Kym Johnson gave birth to her twins with husband Robert Herjavec on Monday, April 23. The first-time mom shared a photo of her beau holding the newborns via Instagram.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2018 A new bundle of joy! Scroll through to see all the cute babies who were born to famous parents in 2018, so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive […]

“I never thought my heart could feel so full. We’re so in love with our little angels. Born at 7.44am and 7.45am 4/23/18,” she wrote.

The dancer told Us Weekly in January that Herjavec, 55, had put together a baby shower in Australia for her ahead of the twins’ arrival. “[Robert] is the best. He spoiled me with a trip back home to Australia to see all my girlfriends,” she gushed to Us and a group of reporters. “There was a little baby shower and saw my family and stuff so that was nice. I feel really good. I’ve been keeping active and I think I’ll probably slow down now. I’m in the last trimester. I feel like I’m about to explode.”

Johnson continued: “Oh my gosh, all my girlfriends gave me some really good Australian books, with Australian native animals. I want the kids to know their heritage and that was really sweet, to have those books to be able to read to them,” she said. “There was some Aussie onesies and things like that, that you can only get in Australia. That was sweet.”

Related: Cutest Celebrity Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

During her pregnancy, the Australian professional dancer proudly showed off her baby bump on social media. She shared a video of herself working out in January. “Back in the studio with my growing belly! (23 weeks),” she captioned an Instagram clip at the time. “I’ll be teaching this Saturday morning 10am so come join me for Dance Fit Latin #dance #fitness #pregnantfitness #23weekspregnant #twins.” She also shared some snaps of her workout to her Instagram Story. “Feeling strong,” she wrote. “The babies are happy to be back.”

Johnson, 41, confirmed in December 2017 that she and her husband were expecting. The mom-to-be shared a sonogram photo on Instagram, and captioned it: “It’s thumbs up.” A source then confirmed to Us Weekly the following day that the couple were expecting twins.

“It’s a thumbs up” 👍🏻🤰💕 A post shared by Kym Herjavec (@kymherjavec5678) on Dec 11, 2017 at 10:54am PST

Related: Dancing With the Stars’ Hottest Hookups! Check out the love lives of the celeb and pro dancers

The former Dancing With the Stars partners tied the knot in July 2016 at a romantic ceremony in Los Angeles, one year after their stint as partners on season 20 of the ABC hit series. The DWTS pro spoke to Us Weekly at the 2016 Creative Arts Emmy Awards in September 2016, just months after saying “I do.” She told Us: “It’s been amazing. It’s been the most incredible summer of my life.”

She added: “The ceremony was amazing. I was most nervous about that, but that was the most beautiful moment. Even though our family and friends were all there, it was really just about Robert and I at that moment. It was just us two, exchanging our vows, and that was the most special moment.”

The investor and Shark Tank personality was previously married to Diane Plese, with whom he shares three children. They divorced in 2016.