'Big Bang Theory' Star Melissa Rauch Welcomes Baby Girl! Melissa Rauch is a mom!

The Big Bang Theory star shared to Instagram on Monday that she welcomed her baby, daughter Sadie, writing, "I am beyond over the moon to share that our beautiful baby girl, Sadie Rauch, has arrived and our hearts are bursting at the seams with love for her."

"I will never take for granted the difficult road it took to get here," the 37-year-old actress added. "To those on that road: I'm sending you so much love today and always."

The second half of her welcome message is particularly poignant, as Rauch knows firsthand how heartbreaking the road to having a baby can be.

In July, when Rauch announced that she and husband Winston were expecting, the actress revealed that a previous pregnancy had ended in miscarriage.

"Here is the only statement regarding my pregnancy that doesn’t make me feel like a complete fraud," she wrote in a touching piece for Glamour. "'Melissa is expecting her first child. She is extremely overjoyed, but if she’s being honest, due to the fact that she had a miscarriage the last time she was pregnant, she’s pretty much terrified at the moment that it will happen again. She feels weird even announcing this at all, and would rather wait until her child heads off to college to tell anyone, but she figures she should probably share this news before someone sees her waddling around with her mid-section protruding and announces it first.'

"All I really know for sure is that this experience has changed me forever. I know it’s made me grateful for every moment of my current pregnancy, and I hope it will make me a better mother in some capacity when I can finally hold the child that has been in my heart in my arms," she added. "To all the women out there who are dealing with fertility issues, have gone through a miscarriage or are going through the pain of it currently, allow me to leave you with this message: You are not alone. And, it is perfectly OK to not be OK right now."

Read her entire piece here, and watch the video below for more.

RELATED CONTENT: