Selena Gomez makes Instagram private after cryptic post Selena Gomez has switched her Instagram to private mode.

The 25-year-old pop star changed her settings late Monday, after posting a cryptic Instagram story which seemed to be directed at Billboard magazine regarding a recent profile of the star.

A super-cropped screenshot of the story was paired with text that read: 'Never will I let another human being guess my words ever again. Or invite them in my home.'

Feelings hurt: Selena Gomez (above Monday) switched her Instagram to private after sharing a cryptic story post which seemed to call out a profile of the starlet published in Billboard

Still lots looking: While Selena's shut the door on new followers and those just browsing, her page is still available to the 130million people who follow the star

Her message continued: 'That is so hurtful. The most "ridiculous" part of that is no one knowing my heart when I say things.'

While Selena's shut the door on new followers and those just browsing, her page is still available to the 130million people who follow the star. She is one of the most popular celebrities on the platform.

The portion of the Billboard article - which was written by Brooke Mazurek - in question opens the piece, describing a giant teddy bear in the Fetish singer's living room which she says was 'a gift.'

It read: 'There’s a five-foot teddy bear sprawled across the kitchen floor in Selena Gomez’s North Hollywood home.

Putting up her guard: The profile, which was published with the star's Woman Of The Year honor from the mag, prompted Gomez to declare 'Never will I let another human being guess my words ever again. Or invite them in my home' while also adding the story was 'hurtful'

Piece of her mind: The portion of the Billboard article in question opens the piece, describing a giant teddy bear in the Fetish singer's living room which she says was 'a gift'

'"I know, I know," says Gomez, rolling her eyes, acknowledging that the stuffed animal doesn’t quite blend with the trio of armchairs nestled in the inviting, marble-accented nook,' wrote Brooke.

The writer says Gomez said: 'It was a gift, and at first I thought, "This is so ridiculous, I can’t wait until I give it away to another person." But Gomez, 25, hasn’t let go of it — yet.'

The day before Gomez appeared to slam the magazine, she shared another mysterious Instagram that had the caption: 'I need some alone time.'

While Selena's not happy with the music publication, Billboard is clearly a fan of the starl, who they bestowed with the Woman Of The Year award in late November.

All eyes on her! While Selena's not happy with the music mag, Billboard is clearly a fan of the starlet, who they bestowed with the Woman of the Year award November 30, above

It was unclear what exactly about the article 'hurt' the Wizards Of Waverly Place star and caused her to change her account, but Selena has been very vocal about her need to keep an arm's length from social media these days.

After becoming the most followed figure on Instagram back in March, the Texan told Vogue: 'I sort of freaked out. [Social media] had become so consuming to me. It’s what I woke up to and went to sleep to. I was an addict,' she said.

'...It felt like I was seeing things I didn’t want to see, like it was putting things in my head that I didn’t want to care about.

'I always end up feeling like sh** when I look at Instagram. Which is why I’m kind of under the radar, ghosting it a bit.'

Reunited and it feels so good! The former Disney star desire for privacy might have to do with her personal life, having recently reunited with childhood love Justin Bieber (above November)

Selena's personal life is another reason she might be closing the curtains.

The former Disney star reunited with teen love Justin Bieber, following news of her split from Canadian rapper The Weeknd early in fall.

The pair haven't exactly been shy about their romance as they have been seen enjoying time together around LA since getting back together a little over a month ago.

Selena and Justin are back together after having previously been in a tumultuous on/off relationship with him from 2010 to 2015.