Hugh Hefner's Trust Reveals He Prohibits Drug Abuse By Family Members Hugh Hefner has made sure that if his surviving family members wanted to receive any of his fortune after his death, they would have to live clean.

According to documents obtained by ET, Hefner's trust states that if any of his beneficiaries -- which include his four children, Christie, David, Marston and Cooper, and his widow, Crystal -- "frequently uses or consumes any illegal substances" and is dependent on the drug or chemical substance, they will be removed from his trust.

"If the trustees reasonably believe that a beneficiary of any trust routinely or frequently uses or consumes any illegal substance so as to be physically or psychologically dependent upon that substance, or is clinically dependent upon the use or consumption of alcohol or any other legal drug or chemical substance that is not prescribed by a board certified medical doctor or psychiatrist in a current program of treatment supervised by such doctor or psychiatrist, and if the Trustees reasonably believe that as a result the beneficiary is unable to care for himself or herself, or is unable to manage his or her financial affairs, all mandatory distributions to the beneficiary, all the beneficiary’s withdrawal rights, and all of the beneficiary’s rights to participate in decisions concerning the removal and appointment of Trustees will be suspended," reads the trust.

The document also states that the trustees can request drug testing and treatment from any of the beneficiaries if they suspect any drug abuse. They also have the power to resume the distribution of funds to the person if and when "examinations indicate no such use for 12 months" and when the "Trustee in their discretion determine that the beneficiary is able to care for himself or herself" and manage their financial affairs.

The Playboy impresario died on Sept. 27 at the age of 91 from cardiac arrest. According to Hefner's death certificate, obtained by ET at the time, secondary causes included respiratory failure, septicemia and drug-resistant E. Coli. The E. Coli was listed as being from an "undetermined etiology," meaning the origin of the highly dangerous bacteria could not be confirmed.

A source close to Hefner's family told ET after his death, "Hef hadn't been doing well for the last year. [His death] wasn't shocking to the family."

"Everyone is obviously sad, but they feel he lived a very fulfilling and long life," the source added.

For more on the iconic publisher's life, watch the video below.

RELATED CONTENT: