John Mayer opens up about 'feeling fulfilled' before turning 40 In a new interview with GQ Style, the 39-year-old Grammy winner spilled the beans on finding happiness before turning the big 4-0.

John Mayer, who is all set hit the 40-year milestone in just few months, has admitted that he feels pretty fulfilled with the life around him.

In a new interview with GQ Style, the 39-year-old Grammy winner spilled the beans on finding happiness before turning the big 4-0.

"The reason I'm so happy now is because a lot of expectation that I had for myself was probably a little bit unnecessary. I have a perfect image of ambition and reward for my life right now," the ?Gravity? hit-maker explained.

He added, "I know what to expect, I know how much I should be asking for when I knock on the door, and I get it. I really write down on a piece of paper what I want out of life and what I want out of work and what I want out of 'fame'?and I have all the stuff I want."

Mayer continued, "And, yeah, I would probably like another 10, 15, 20 percent, but that comes with another 85 percent of headache. That's the truth. It would take another 85 percent of my happiness to get another 15 percent to 20 percent famous and, like, culturally relevant or whatever. You know?"

Furthermore, the ?Your Body Is A Wonderland? singer admitted to drawing back from fame.

"There's nothing in my life that doesn't feel good. I'm not being pushed into battle, I'm leading the charge. Because I understand what my vision is?and yes, I believe we can still use the word vision," Mayer explained to the publication before describing his new music.

"I'm like, John, you made a record full of ballads and R&B songs that nobody knows how to promote because you're not an R&B artist. So I think 'Still Feel Like Your Man' is an ace level song and recording. I will stand up for that song any day of the week as one of the most pure-sounding, most interesting?it's an R&B little tiny masterpiece, and I've worked long enough and hard enough with incredibly, insanely talented people to be able to say that," he noted.

(This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.)