EXCLUSIVE: 'Property Brothers' Star Drew Scott Talks Wedding Planning With Linda Phan: 'She's Always ET recently caught up with the Property Brothers star and his brother, Jonathan, ahead of their Esurance "DIY Ditties" campaign debut, where the soon-to-be-groom opened up about wedding planning with his fiancée, Linda Phan .

Drew Scott is ready to say "I do" to the "property sister."

ET recently caught up with the Property Brothers star and his brother, Jonathan, ahead of their Esurance "DIY Ditties" campaign debut, where the soon-to-be-groom opened up about wedding planning with his fiancée, Linda Phan.

"With our busy, busy schedule, it's tough," he explained. "We also have four of our friends doing destination weddings over this year, so we're like, 'Oh, we want to have our wedding on this week. Oh, it's already taken.' We haven't set the date. We're actually doing a little bit of research on where we want to go. Somewhere warm, somewhere we can get all our family and friends together, because we don't get enough time with them. It's going to be a blast." Life in #nyc ❤ A post shared by Drew Scott (@mrdrewscott) on Apr 10, 2017 at 3:25pm PDT Drew joked that although a big wedding sounds nice, it would also be great to just "elope," with all their friends and family -- "two hundred of us somewhere on the beach," he said.

"I think there are certain aspects we don't mind sharing because our fans are like extended family, we love to share our experiences with them, but there are certain aspects that will be just for us," he continued, when asked if he and Linda would ever be open to airing their nuptials on TV.

One thing he's happily able to share, however, is who will be involved in his wedding party. "I decided both my brothers," he replied, when asked who gets to play the lucky role of best man. "I love [Jonathan and J.D.] equally, and I want them both to experience that together."

"I need to make more guy friends to match up with Linda's bridesmaids," he added, when Jonathan told ET Linda will have 14 girls standing by her side on wedding day. "It's going to be a blast."

And while there are a lot of qualities about Linda that Drew likes, he said he loves that she's always his "boss."

"She's great. That's why she's the creative director with our company," he gushed. "She has an architectural design background as well, and she has brilliant ideas and has great aesthetic and she's really our property sister, we can say." The boss (Linda) says that's a wrap! Thanks to our amazing #BrovsBro crew! Such a fun season! Can't wait for it to premiere end of May! ❤ A post shared by Drew Scott (@mrdrewscott) on Mar 17, 2017 at 4:17pm PDT

Jonathan chimed in, telling ET that the engaged couple recently bought a property in Los Angeles, which fans may get to see on TV sometime in the near future. "The next series that we're filming is a special on Drew and Linda's first place," he dished.

"It's going to be a lot of fun," added Drew. "We always laugh when people say, 'Oh, you [and Linda] live together [with your brother], but we call [our Las Vegas home] the Scott family compound. We got this place renovated, we built a guest house next door for our parents, who come down when they have three feet of snow up in Canada, and it's really just to spend time with family and friends."

"The Los Angeles house, that's something you gotta watch," he teased. "That's going to be airing later this year in November… that's gonna be a good one."

ET also caught up with the duo in February, where Drew gave us all the details on what happened when he proposed to Linda over the holidays.

Hear the adorable story in the video below!