Is Kim Zolciak Pregnant for the Seventh Time? Real Housewives of Atlanta star Kim Zolciak and her daughter Brielle Biermann are causing quite the stir on social media this week.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2017 Babies on board! Click through to see all the adorable bundle of joys who were born in 2017

Early on Wednesday — five days after Zolciak came under fire for telling Brielle to flash a breast on Snapchat — the 20-year-old took to Twitter with an announcement.

“OMG!!! i’m so excited my mom is PREGNANT with baby number 7!!!! Brielle wrote in a now-deleted tweet. When a fan asked when Zolciak is due, Brielle responded, “in the spring sometime.”

Brielle then shared the news on Instagram with the caption: “OMG!!! i can’t wait to meet the little nugget. it’s been so hard keeping this a secret!!! woo!! #lucky7.”

A few minutes later, Zolciak, 39, shut down the story on Snapchat. “Brielle’s lying!” she said. “She’s lying!”

But it’s not a totally farfetched story. Just last month, Zolciak told Us Weekly that she and NFL husband Kroy Biermann talk about expanding their family.

Related: Stars Who Got Their Start on Reality TV The road to success in Hollywood is a little different for every would-be actor, but these days, reality TV is becoming a major launching pad for some of the industry's biggest stars. Before they were red-carpet regulars, NeNe Leakes, Jennifer Hudson, Julianne Hough and Lucy Hale were among those who broke through as reality stars

“I would love to have another little boy,” she told Us. “I am just obsessed with my boys.” The Don’t Be Tardy star added: “I’m about to be 40 so I would like to hurry up if we’re going to do it, but I definitely think about it a lot.”

And during an October appearance on Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen, Zolciak revealed she missed breast-feeding and snuggling a newborn. “I have baby fever so bad,” she admitted. Kroy, 32, was on the same page. Quipped the dad: “Never say never.”

Meanwhile, Zolciak cleared up the breast flashing incident in a statement to Us Weekly on Tuesday. “The private snap that everyone is freaking out about was supposed to be private,” she wrote. “But I accidentally sent it to everyone.”

Zolciak also wants the world to know she didn’t confirm Khloé’ Kardashian’s pregnancy.

“The conversation we were having was with my friend Chloe, AGAIN not Khloe Kardashian,” Zolciak said. “Everyone needs to stop putting words in my mouth and making it out to be something that was never confirmed nor talked about.”