McDonald's pulls ad that 'exploited child bereavement' McDonald’s has pulled its new advert from TV screens and apologised for any upset caused after it was accused of exploiting childhood bereavement.

The advert, first screened last week, shows a boy asking his mother about his dead father. As she tells him what his dad was like, the boy looks sad as they do not seem to have much in common. His face lights up once they arrive at a McDonald’s and, as he eats a Filet-O-Fish, his mother says: “That was your dad’s favourite too.”

Shelley Gilbert, a psychotherapist who founded the children’s bereavement charity Grief Encounter, said it had received a lot of phone calls from concerned parents.

She said: “What [McDonald’s] have done is exploited childhood bereavement as a way to connect with young people and surviving parents alike – unsuccessfully.

“One in 29 children are bereaved of a parent or sibling by the time they are 16 years of age, so this storyline will resonate with a huge number of children and surviving parents.

“We have already received countless phone calls this morning, with parents telling us their bereaved children have been upset by the advert and alienated by McDonald’s as a brand that wants to emotionally manipulate its customers.”

The Advertising Standards Authority said it had received about 100 complaints by Monday, with more coming in. A spokesman said: “Complainants have objected that it is inappropriate and insensitive to use bereavement and grief to sell fast food. Some complainants have referenced the proximity to Father’s Day.

“We’re carefully assessing the complaints but no decision has been reached on whether there are grounds to launch an investigation.”

There was also criticism on social media, including from many people who said they had lost a parent during childhood.

I am sickened and disgusted by this advert. Lost my dad at 9. Memories? Yes .Burger? No! Shameful ad #McDonalds — Cate Wilson (@Cate43) May 12, 2017

I lost my father when I was a child and I find the latest McDonald's advert disgusting and offensive. Shame on you! #mcdonalds #badtaste — The Midgers (@midgersbtfc06) May 14, 2017

A McDonald’s spokeswoman said: “We can confirm today that we have taken the decision to withdraw our ‘Dad’ TV advert. The advert will be removed from all media, including TV and cinema, completely and permanently this week.

“It was never our intention to cause any upset. We are particularly sorry that the advert may have disappointed those people who are most important to us: our customers.”



She added that due to lead times required by broadcasters, the promotion created by the London advertising agency Leo Burnett, would still air on Wednesday.



Last month, Pepsi withdrew an advertising campaign featuring Kendall Jenner after the company was accused of co-opting the imagery of protest movements to sell its products.

The soft drink multinational’s video featured the reality TV star and model Jenner joining a protest but then defusing a standoff with police by handing an officer a can of Pepsi.

The image of Jenner approaching police appeared to reference the widely shared photograph of Ieshia Evans, a black woman who stood up to riot police during a Black Lives Matter protest following the fatal shooting of Alton Sterling by police in 2016.