'The Bachelorette' Finale: Who Did Becca Kufrin Choose? ABC

Did “Bachelorette” Becca Kufrin choose Garrett Yrigoyen or Blake Horstmann on Monday's finale?

Warning: Spoilers Ahead

After months of rumors, Becca gave her final rose to controversial contestant Garrett.

As the show unfolded, Becca was conflicted over who to choose. She introduced the suitors to her family, but they weren't much help. Her sister told her Garrett was “incredible,” adding, “I felt like I had known him for years.”

After meeting Blake, her sister liked him, too, saying, “I feel like Blake would challenge you and he would be more of a teammate. You just need to decide what you want.”

From there, it was time for the romantic final dates in the Maldives.

At the end of their date, Garrett gushed, “I know that you're the person that I need in my life to make me be a better version of myself every day, but I want to make sure that I'm the person that does that to you as well. So when you make that decision, I'm willing to be absolutely crushed at the end of this, even if it isn't me, just as long as you're happy.”

After Becca's date with Blake, it seemed she might choose him instead. She said, “For a while, I've been in love with Blake. He always surprises me. He's so good at everything. He makes me laugh, he has great conversation, he stimulates me, he's romantic. He's really everything I could want in a partner.”

Before the breakup and proposal, Becca took a moment to explain where she's coming from, “I feel like I could be happy with either guy and both of them would be a right choice for me. But I'm going for the one that I can't see myself without. This love feels like it just fits my soul, it just fits my heart.”

When it was time for the breakup, Becca let Blake down as gently as she could.

She told him, “You have been the most solid, constant relationship and one that I could turn to anytime. I knew that you'd be there and you'd be a partner to me — and a teammate. You've made me know that I can fall in love again.”

Becca goes on to tell him, “I think that there's just a better fit for us out there.”

Blake was devastated and speechless for a moment. He told her he loves her and that she's making a mistake, before admitting he knew this was how it would end.

The show ended with the moment fans had been waiting for… the proposal!

When Garrett joined Becca on the beach she told him, “You got that first impression rose because right away I felt something so strong. I re-read my journal and you were the first guy I ever wrote about in it. I wrote that you reminded me of home, and you reminded me one of the most important men in my life entire life and that was my dad.”

After she professed her love for Garrett, he popped the question, and she said yes!

Becca and Garrett have been making headlines for months. In May, TMZ posted photos of Becca kissing a man that bore a strong resemblance to Garrett.

He also sparked controversy over his questionable likes on Instagram. The proposal took place before those social media likes came to light.

Of the backlash surrounding Garrett, Becca told “Extra” in May, “Everyone has an opinion — that's what is so great about our country. People are entitled to their own beliefs.”

She continued, “That being said, I want to go through that entire journey with people – open to me and open to all the 28 men… I hope that after watching the entire season play out, they can stay open and get to know the guys for who they are.”