Sofia Richie gets cosy with beau Scott Disick in Mexico Their relationship has been heating up since going public with their romance last September.

And a bikini-clad Sofia Richie, 19, showed off her amazingly toned body while lounging in a luxury beach resort with her boyfriend Scott Disick, 34, in Mexico on Sunday.

The daughter of Lionel Richie and the ex-boyfriend of Kourtney Kardashian were all smiles as they got steamy in the hotel hot tub.

Scroll down for video

Just peachy! Sofia Richie, 19, showed off her amazingly toned body while lounging in a luxury beach resort with boyfriend Scott Disick, 34, in Mexico on Sunday

During their romantic getaway, Sofia sported a black string bikini which flaunted her ample assets.

Her high cut at the waist thong bottoms highlighted her trim and peachy posterior.

The model wore her newly-dark locks up in a ponytail while hiding her make-up free face with black designer sunglasses.

Scott showed off his toned physique by going shirtless while wearing black swim shorts.

Loved up! The daughter of Lionel Richie and the ex-boyfriend of Kourtney Kardashian were all smiles as they got steamy in the hotel hot tub

Packing on the PDA! During their romantic getaway, Sofia sported a black string bikini which flaunted her ample assets

All smiles! Her high cut at the waist thong bottoms highlighted her trim and peachy posterior

Pool day: The model wore her newly-dark locks up in a ponytail while hiding her make-up free face with black designer sunglasses

The happy couple couldn't keep their hands off of each other as they packed on the PDA in the water.

This is Sofia and Scott's second time together on the Mexican beach of Puerto Vallarta.

The love birds are a well-traveled couple who have also been spotted together in Colorado, Miami, Italy and Los Cabos since going public with their relationship.

Scott and Sofia went public with their romance in September, although they were linked as far back as May.

Toned up! The happy couple couldn't keep their hands off of each other as they packed on the PDA in the water

Out and about: This is Sofia and Scott's second time together on the Mexican beach of Puerto Vallarta

Life of luxury: Scott showed off his toned physique by going shirtless while wearing black swim shorts

Ab-tastic: The love birds are a well-traveled couple who have also been spotted together in Colorado, Miami, Italy and Los Cabos since going public with their relationship

Drying up! Scott and Sofia went public with their romance in September, although they were linked as far back as May

Dynamic duo: After having some fun in the hot tub, the two stepped out of their resort to go ziplining in a Mexican rainforest

After having some fun in the hot tub, the two stepped out of their resort to go ziplining in a Mexican rainforest.

Sofia shared a snap of the two strapped up in their ziplining gear, ready to hang loose.

The father-of-three posted a video of the 19-year-old showing off her daredevil moves as she slid past trees while spinning in her harness.

Scott simply captioned the video: 'She's a spinner.'

Sofia and Scott ended their adventurous day back at their resort, this time on a sunbed overlooking the Pacific ocean.

The Adidas model shared a romantic photo on Instagram which featured the two wrapped up in eachother's arms.

What's so funny? The two always make time to travel together despite their busy schedules

Love birds: Sofia and Scott shared a laugh together while sunbathing

Relaxing: Despite it being winter, the darling couple made sure to get in some sun

Kicking back! Sofia and Scott stayed cool in the shade of their hotel

Scott was previously in a relationship with Kourtney Kardashian, who is now dating Younes Bendjima.

The pair share three children, Mason, eight, Penelope, five, and Reign, three, and have continued to co-parent amicably.

Scott also still appears on family show Keeping Up With The Kardashians, and in April admitted he still had feelings for Kourtney.

Scott has remained a big part of the Kardashian family, and recently attended Kris Jenner's annual Christmas Eve bash - Sofia was not seen at the party.

Romantic getaway: The Adidas model shared a romantic photo on her Instagram account, which featured the two wrapped up in eachother's arms

Picture perfect: The pair posed on board the yacht and against the helicopter for a candid Instagram photo

Keeping it casual: Sofia shared a snap of the two strapped up in their ziplining gear, ready to hang loose

Hanging loose: The father-of-three posted a video of the 19-year-old showing off her daredevil moves as she slid past trees while spinning in her harness

Daredevil! Scott simply captioned the video: 'She's a spinner'