Pancreatic cancer killed Aretha Franklin and scores of other celebs. Why? Updated Aug. 17, 2018, 4:04 p.m. MT

The Queen of Soul Aretha Franklin died on Thursday from advanced pancreatic cancer at the age of 76.

Pancreatic cancer is one of the most difficult types of cancer to detect, and people usually don't show symptoms until it has already spread to other organs, according to the American Cancer Society. The pancreas is deeply seated in the body, making it difficult for doctors to see or feel tumors during routine check-ups.

Many celebrities died from pancreatic cancer

Franklin's death sent shock waves through the world, and incited heartfelt reactions and condolences from many famous people, but she wasn't the first celebrity to die from this disease.

PHOTOS: CELEBRITIES WHO HAVE DIED OF PANCREATIC CANCER

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

What are the signs and symptoms?

While symptoms may be vague and difficult to identify, the Pancreatic Cancer Action Network says people should watch for abdominal or mid-back pain, loss of appetite, jaundice, nausea, weight loss, change in stool or recent onset diabetes.

Neuroendocrine tumors, the type of pancreatic cancer Franklin had, account for less than 5 percent of all pancreatic tumors. They may cause the body to overproduce hormones that induce many of the symptoms listed above.

What puts you at risk?

You're at risk of developing pancreatic cancer if you have two or more immediate family members with the disease, an immediate relative who developed it before the age of 50, or if you have an inherited genetic syndrome associated with the disease.

Pancreatic cancer is also more likely to develop in people who have had diabetes for more than five years, and is two times more likely to develop in cigarette smokers.

It's also more common in African-Americans, people over the age of 60, and people with obesity, according to PanCAN.

How common is pancreatic cancer?

The American Cancer Society estimates that about 55,440 people in the U.S. will be diagnosed with pancreatic cancer this year, and about 44,330 will die from it.

This type of cancer accounts for 3 percent of all cancers and about 7 percent of all cancer deaths. Only about 8.5 percent of people will survive the disease after five years, according to the National Cancer Institute.

About 1 in 63 men and 1 in 65 women will develop pancreatic cancer in the U.S.

PHOTOS OF CELEBRITIES WHO HAVE DIED:

MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS: