Met Gala 2018: Exes Kate Bosworth, Alexander Skarsgard Reunite Nothin’ but love here. Exes Kate Bosworth and Alexander Skarsgard reunited at an afterparty for the 2018 Met Gala on Monday, May 7, where they not only exchanged pleasantries, but also posed for photos together!

Related: Celebrity Friendly Exes: Hollywood’s Ex-Lovers Who Have Stayed Close Love lost doesn't mean friendship lost for these friendly exes! Take a look at ex-lovers such as Cameron Diaz and Justin Timberlake, Hilary Duff and Mike Comrie, and Ryan Phillippe and Reese Witherspoon, who have maintained close relationships even after splitting up.

The former flames, who dated for two years before breaking up in 2011, attended Versace’s 2018 Met Gala Afterparty at the Mark Hotel following the event, which was held at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Bosworth, 35, and the Big Little Lies star, 41, were in good company, as Donatella Versace, Justin Theroux, Jared Leto, Black Panther’s Chadwick Boseman and other stars were also in attendance.

Related: All the Must-See Dresses, Pantsuits and Accessories from the Met Gala Afterparties Talk about a quick change! The stars arrived in their Sunday best for the 2018 Met Gala on Monday, May 7, where the theme was “Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination.” Inspired by Catholic iconography, celebs rocked opulent gowns and decadent headdresses in honor of the main event, but, when it came time for […]

The friendly reunion was a far cry from when the former Straw Dogs costars went to great lengths to avoid each other at the movie’s screening in September 2011, by scheduling their arrivals an hour apart following the announcement of their split in July of that year. Still, a source told Us the breakup was “very mutual” and the actor even sang Bosworth’s praises in an interview while promoting the film. “Kate is such a great actress and she’s so much more than a good-looking Hollywood starlet,” he told BlackBook at the time. “We shared a really special experience on that film.”

The Win a Date With Ted Hamilton actress shared the same sentiment, telling the outlet, “He’s got this rare, wonderful control and stillness that you notice in a lot of old movie stars. I feel incredibly lucky to have had that type of man on this movie.”

Related: Met Gala 2018 Red Carpet Fashion: What the Stars Wore From Kylie and Kendall to Priyanka Chopra and Emma Stone, see what the stars wore to the Annual Costume Institute Gala held at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in NYC on Monday, May 7, 2018. Guests have dressed according to this year’s theme, “Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination,” with many wearing couture gowns […]

The Before I Wake star has since moved on from the Swedish actor. In 2013, she married film director Michael Polish, who she met on the set of 2011’s Big Sur, in an intimate ceremony in Montana. As for the True Blood alum, he was previously linked to Alexa Chung in 2015.