Kelly Ripa Shares Anniversaries With Mark Consuelos and Ryan Seacrest 



She has two very special men in her life — but it’s not like that! Kelly Ripa celebrated two big anniversaries on Tuesday, May 1. First off, she rang in 22 years of marriage with her husband, Mark Consuelos. On top of that, the day marked one year of her hosting Live With Kelly with co-host Ryan Seacrest!

The TV personality took to Instagram to give sweet shout-outs to both Mark and Ryan. For Mark, she posted a sweet video collage featuring a bunch of cute photos of the two. “Feliz Aniversario lover! 22 years. You’re a human roller coaster that luckily I’m tall enough to ride. @instasuelos ?? ??❤️❤️??,” she captioned the super adorable clip.

https://www.instagram.com/p/BiPNcAjDNfi/

Mark followed up with a sweet message for his lady. “5-1-96…happy 22nd anniversary Boo… seems like yesterday to me… I’m sure it’s feels a lot longer to you…(honeymoon photo Capri, Italy… we’re still banned from that hotel… it was worth it),” he captioned some throwback photos of the couple.

https://www.instagram.com/p/BiO8-TqA_GD/

The duo previously wed in Las Vegas back in 1996 and are now parents to son Michael, 20, daughter Lola, 16, and son Joaquin, 15. Kelly, 47, previously revealed that Mark “is the person I was meant to be with forever.” She gushed, “We really do have quite an allegiance to one another. No matter what, we support each other in everything we do.”

Kelly also had a sweet message for Ryan, who joined her on the morning talk show after her former co-host Michael Strahan abruptly left her. “Proving time flies when you’re having fun, a year goes by in the blink of an eye! Thank you @ryanseacrest you are the cohost jackpot!!! ⭐️⭐️⭐️” she wrote alongside a series of hilarious photos of the two.

https://www.instagram.com/p/BiQYozxjyBm/

And Ryan followed up with a sweet message as well! “Having the best time on this show — thank you @kellyripa, @gelmanlive, our producers, and viewers for welcoming me into the fam. Happy one year to us,” he wrote with a gallery of photos of the two.

https://www.instagram.com/p/BiQDtuejR-y/

Despite rumors that the two don’t get along behind the scenes, Kelly and Ryan actually have a great relationship. “They get along famously,” a source previously told E! News of the pair. “Ryan and Kelly have the same work ethic and values. That’s why it works so well.” A source also told Closer Weekly exclusively that “they are very in sync with each other.” The insider added, “With Ryan, Kelly feels like she’s met her match. She says this has been the best few months she’s had on the show since she joined 16 years ago.” Happy Anniversary to all!