James Franco a no-show at Critics' Choice Awards, wins best actor for 'Disaster Artist' Jan. 11, 2018 Updated Jan. 12, 2018, 6:11 a.m. ET

SANTA MONICA, Calif — James Franco won a best actor award at the Critics' Choice Awards for his role in The Disaster Artist, but the embattled actor was a no-show at the ceremony Thursday.

"James couldn't be here, so we accept this on his behalf," said presenter Walton Goggins on stage after Franco won. The award was handed out during the online-only telecast of the Critics' Choice Awards, which aired before the CW broadcast the two final hours of the program.

Franco has become increasingly embroiled in a sexual misconduct scandal following his appearance at the Golden Globe Awards on Sunday.

At the Globes, Franco won for best actor and wore a Time's Up pin showing his support for the new initiative, which is devoted to addressing sexual harassment in the workplace and promoting gender equality.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

After his win, several women alluded to Franco's alleged history of misconduct on Twitter.

Following questioning by late-night talk show hosts Stephen Colbert and Seth Meyers, the Los Angeles Times published a bombshell story Thursday detailing Franco's alleged inappropriate behavior towards four former students, and one who said he was her mentor.

"In my life, I pride myself on taking responsibility for things that I’ve done," Franco told Colbert on Tuesday. "The things I heard that were on Twitter are not accurate, but I completely support people coming out and being able to have a voice because they didn’t have a voice for so long. So, I don’t want to shut them down in any way. It's, I think, a good thing, and I support it."

Franco lost the best actor award, presented during televised portion of the show, to The Darkest Hour star Gary Oldman. The Disaster Artist lost out on best comedy (to The Big Sick).

Organizers for the program gave no explanation for Franco's absence and said the portion of the show was always intended to be aired in the online portion only.

Franco's representative did not immediately respond to USA TODAY to explain Franco's absence.

Franco lost the best actor award, presented during televised portion of the show, to Darkest Hour star Gary Oldman. The Disaster Artist lost out on best comedy to The Big Sick.