Kim Kardashian takes kids to Disneyland with Kourtney and family It's the Happiest Place On Earth.

And Kim Kardashian and family certainly looked like they were having a spectacular time while spotted at Disneyland in Anaheim, California on Tuesday.

The reality diva, 37, was hard to miss, wearing a neon green jacket with slick silver bike shorts as she enjoyed a full day at the park with her closest kin.

Scroll down for video

What a day! Kim Kardashian and family looked like they were having a spectacular time when spotted at Disneyland in Anaheim, California on Tuesday

Kim was appeared a vision of trendiness in her fashion-forward outfit, flaunting a hint of her tummy with a slate crop top.

Baggy socks teamed with stone-colored kicks which appeared to a new shoe from hubby Kanye.

The Armenian-American beauty styled her black hair straight as possible while also giving her tresses a slick center part as they cascaded down her front to hit about hip-length.

Besides her, Kourtney went for minimalist-chic in all black, wearing a navy sweatshirt with clingy black leggings.

The reality diva, 37, was hard to miss, wearing a neon green jacket with slick silver bike shorts as she enjoyed a full day at the park with her closest kin

Style icon: Kim was appeared a vision of trendiness in her fashion-forward outfit, flaunting a hint of her tummy with a slate crop top

Hair's to you! The Armenian-American beauty styled her black hair straight as possible

Having the time of her life! Daughter North was happy to be at the park with mom

Going to the sock hop: Baggy socks teamed with stone-colored kicks which appeared to a new shoe from hubby Kanye

Easy rider: Kim had a blast as she sped down Big Thunder Mountain Railroad with the kids

Putting practicality over presentation, she carried a backpack while accessorizing with mirrored shades.

The mother-of-three tucked her shoulder length long bob behind her ears for a polished touch.

The kids of the group gave their parents a serious run for their money in the style department.

Day out: Kourtney brought along her kids Penelope and Reign, but her eldest Mason didn't appear to join the group

Simple: Besides her, Kourtney went for minimalist-chic in all black, wearing a navy sweatshirt with clingy black leggings

Rapunzel! Kim gave her tresses a slick center part as they cascaded down her front to hit about hip-length

Boat trip: The family made sure to catch the much beloved It's A Small World ride

In the bag: Putting practicality over presentation, Kourt carried a backpack while accessorizing with mirrored shades

Young fashionistas: The kids of the group gave their parents a serious run for their money in the style department

Best tressed: Mother-of-three Kourtney tucked her shoulder length long bob behind her ears for a polished touch

Kim's eldest North, four, was dressed in orange with a beautiful, curly ponytail crowning her head and kids size Yeezy Wave Runners on her feet.

During a quiet moment the little one was allowed to play with her mom's phone, much to her delight.

Brother Saint, two, had on cool leather jacket over a Yeezy tour shirt, looking the spitting image of dad Kanye.

Orange you glad! Kim's eldest North, four, was dressed in orange with a beautiful, curly ponytail crowning her head

The long and short of it: Kim's been partial to spandex bike shorts recently

Fan of dad! Saint, two, had on cool leather jacket over a Yeezy tour shirt

Screen time: During a quiet moment the little one was allowed to play with her mom's phone, much to her delight

Giddy up! Reign sucked on a lollipop while he took a ride on the carousel

Packed day! The Kardashians made the most of their day, hitting up as many rides as possible during their time a the park

Color pop! From the look of Kim's outfit, Kanye is embracing color in his clothes like never before

Young one: Reign, three, was cute in a crimson sweat set, tying his long locks up into a messy bun

Flying high! Kourtney brought Reign onto the Dumbo ride, but he could barely peer over the sides of the attraction

Chit chat: The sisters had a deep conversation during a brief break from watching the kids

Their cousin Penelope, five, Kourtney's middle child with ex Scott Disick, was sporty in a simple white tee and black sweatpants.

Her little brother Reign, three, was cute in a crimson sweat set, tying his long locks up into a messy bun.

It didn't look like their older brother Mason, eight, joined the family fun.

Captain North: Proving she was the adventurous type, North took her place at the bow of their gondola

Can you see? Kim's jacket had a brand name scrawled on it in white ink that was too faint to read from a distance

Sing-a-long: First the group sailed through It's A Small World, where they got introduced to a collection of cultures around the world who serenaded them

Going up! Kourtney got a nice view of things as she took flight on Dumbo the Flying Elephant with the kids

Got any peanuts? Kim and company were flew several elephants behind her sister

Mountain ho! They had a rocky road ahead as the group made their way to Big Thunder Mountain Railroad for some twists and turns

The Kardashians made the most of their day, hitting up as many rides as possible during their time a the park.

First the group sailed through It's A Small World, where they got introduced to a collection of cultures around the world who serenaded them.

Proving she was the adventurous type, North took her place at the bow of their gondola.

Raise the roof! Kim looked like she was having a ball, throwing her hands up and smiling as the coaster circled around the track

Protection: Kim's phone was covered in a Kimoji case, proving she's her own biggest fan

Ab fab: The Armenian-American stunner looked like she had been hitting the gym

Tea time! Of course it wouldn't have been a trip to Disneyland unless they took a spin around on the larger-than-life teacups of the Mad Tea Party ride

Buddy system! Kim was a model mom as she escorted the kids around the park by the hand

Kourtney got a nice view of things as she took flight on Dumbo the Flying Elephant with the kids.

Kim and company were several elephants behind.

They had a rocky road ahead as the group made their way to Big Thunder Mountain Railroad for some twists and turns.

Yee-haw! North screamed with glee while on the western themed rollercoaster

Not seen: Dad Kanye and baby sister Chicago stayed at home

Juice break: Saint sipped on a child-proof bottle, looking like he was a top toddler

Rolling with the homies: The starlet's double stroller was the perfect accessory for a long day with the kids

Kim looked like she was having a ball, throwing her hands up and smiling as the coaster circled around the track at 36mph.

Of course it wouldn't have been a trip to Disneyland unless they took a spin around on the larger-than-life teacups of the Mad Tea Party ride.

Kourtney and Reign got the chance to meet one of Disney's biggest VIPs.

Y'all come back now! The Kardashians love Disneyland, visiting the park for both Kim and Kourtney's last birthdays

Posse: The family ambled about the park with the support of a nanny and bodyguards

On the right track! Everyone was having a great time as the coaster reached its top speed of 36mph

Matching! Mom and North matched by both wearing shoes designed by Dad Kanye

Making a splash! After its final drop, Big Thunder Mountain hit the water and splashed a bit on Kim

Kourtney shared a photo of herself puckering up to Mickey Mouse on Wednesday.

'Had to go check on my castle yesterday,' Kourtney captioned the snapshot.

Kim and family are huge Disney fans, also celebrating Kourtney's 39th birthday at the park in April as well as Kim's 37th last October.