The Voice (U.S. season 12) Season of television series

The twelfth season of the American reality talent show The Voice premiered on February 27, 2017 on NBC. Adam Levine, Alicia Keys and Blake Shelton continued as coaches with Gwen Stefani returning after a two-season absence. Carson Daly continued as the show's host.[1]

This is the first season iTunes bonuses were awarded for duet performances (seen in semifinals and finals), in addition to previous bonuses which were awarded during the live shows (including the finals which was intact since season 10).

Chris Blue was named the winner of the season, marking Alicia Keys' first win as a coach and the second female coach to win in the show's history, following Christina Aguilera and Blue's win being the third African-American male winner.[2] For the first time, the last artist (and also the first artist receiving only one chair turn by default) selected in the Blind Auditions went on to win the entire season.

Coaches and hosts [ edit ]

There was a change in the coaching panel for the twelfth season. Gwen Stefani returned to the panel after a two-season hiatus, replacing Miley Cyrus along with returning coaches Adam Levine, Blake Shelton, and Alicia Keys while Carson Daly returned for his 12th season as host.[3]

This season's Battle advisors were: John Legend for Team Adam; Celine Dion for Team Gwen; DJ Khaled for Team Alicia; Luke Bryan for Team Blake.[4]

Teams [ edit ]

Color key

Winner

Winner Runner-up

Runner-up Third place

Third place Fourth place

Fourth place Eliminated in the Live Shows Eliminated in Live Playoffs

Eliminated in Live Playoffs Stolen in the Knockout rounds

Stolen in the Knockout rounds Eliminated in the Knockout rounds

Eliminated in the Knockout rounds Stolen in the Battle rounds

Stolen in the Battle rounds Eliminated in the Battle rounds

Coaches Top 48 artists Adam Levine Jesse Larson Mark Isaiah Lilli Passero Hanna Eyre Johnny Hayes Josh West Malik Davage Davina Leone Autumn Turner Taylor Alexander Gaby Borromeo Sheena Brook Kawan DeBose Julien Martinez Nala Price Gwen Stefani Brennley Brown Hunter Plake Troy Ramey Johnny Gates JChosen Quizz Swanigan Stephanie Rice Aaliyah Rose Brandon Royal Davina Leone Caroline Sky Jozy Bernadette Savannah Leighton Kenny P. Sammie Zonana Alicia Keys Chris Blue Vanessa Ferguson Stephanie Rice Jack Cassidy Ashley Levin Anatalia Villaranda Lilli Passero Quizz Swanigan Dawson Coyle Hunter Plake Felicia Temple Autumn Turner RJ Collins Lauryn Judd Missy Robertson Blake Shelton Lauren Duski Aliyah Moulden TSoul Casi Joy Aaliyah Rose Felicia Temple Caroline Sky Enid Ortiz Andrea Thomas Brennley Brown Dawson Coyle Ashley Levin Josh Hoyer Valerie Ponzio Micah Tryba Note: Italicized names are stolen artists (names struck through within former teams). Bolded names are artists who received the Coach Comeback and advanced to the Live Playoffs.

Blind auditions [ edit ]

Color key

✔ Coach pressed "I WANT YOU" button Artist defaulted to this coach's team Artist selected to join this coach's team Artist eliminated with no coach pressing "I WANT YOU" button

Episode 1 (Feb. 27) [ edit ]

The coaches performed "Waterfalls" at the start of the show.[5]

Episode 2 (Feb. 28) [ edit ]

Episode 3 (March 2) [ edit ]

Episode 4 (March 6) [ edit ]

Episode 5 (March 7) [ edit ]

Episode 6 (March 13) [ edit ]

Episode 7 (March 14) [ edit ]

Episode 8 (March 15) [ edit ]

This episode covered "The Best of the Blind Auditions", which included a recap and a sneak peek for the battles.

The Battles [ edit ]

The Battles round started with episode 9 and ended with episode 12 (broadcast on March 20, 21, 27, 28, 2017). Season twelve's advisors include: John Legend for Team Adam, Celine Dion for Team Gwen, DJ Khaled for Team Alicia and Luke Bryan for Team Blake. Like previous Battles, coaches can steal any two losing artists from another coach.

Color key:

Artist won the Battle and advanced to the Knockouts Artist lost the Battle but was stolen by another coach and advanced to the Knockouts Artist lost the Battle and was eliminated

The Knockouts [ edit ]

The Knockouts round started with episode 13 and ended with episode 15 (broadcast on April 3, 4, 10, 2017). The coaches can each steal one losing artist. The top 20 contestants will then move on to the "Live Shows." Unlike previous Knockouts, there are no key advisors in this round. This was the only season in which all of the artists given the 'Coach Comeback' were from their current teams.

Color key:

Artist won the Knockout and advanced to the live shows Artist lost the Knockout but was stolen by another coach and advanced to the live shows Artist lost the Knockout and was originally eliminated but received the Coach Comeback and advanced to the Live Playoffs Artist lost the Knockout and was eliminated

Live shows [ edit ]

Color key:

Artist was saved by the Public's votes Artist was saved by his/her coach or was placed in the bottom two, bottom three, or middle three Artist was saved by the Instant Save Artist's iTunes vote multiplied by 5 (except The Finals) after his/her studio version of the song reached iTunes top 10 Artist was eliminated

Week 1: Live Playoffs (April 17 & 18) [ edit ]

Playoff results was voted on in real time, exclusively through Twitter and The Voice app. 12 artists sang live on one of two shows and six were eliminated by the end of each night. As with Seasons 9 & 10, each coach brought back one eliminated artist of their choice to join the top 20 and compete in the Live Playoffs. The Monday's performance featured Teams Alicia and Blake, followed by Teams Adam and Gwen on Tuesday.

Week 2: Top 12 (April 24 & 25) [ edit ]

The Top 12 performed on Monday, April 24, 2017, with the results following on Tuesday, April 25, 2017. For the next two weeks, the bottom two artists with the fewest votes performed for the Instant Save with one artist being eliminated. For the first time on The Voice, Shania Twain - who advised all the members of the Top 12 - sat in with the other coaches on a fifth chair. iTunes multiplier bonuses was awarded to Brennley Brown (#7).[6][7]

1 Performed as a tribute to season six contestant Christina Grimmie, who had been murdered the previous year.

Week 3: Top 11 (May 1 & 2) [ edit ]

The Top 11 performed on Monday, May 1, 2017, with the results following on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. iTunes multiplier bonuses were awarded to Lauren Duski (#3) and Hunter Plake (#10).[8]

Week 4: Top 10 (May 8 & 9) [ edit ]

The Top 10 performed Monday, May 8, 2017, with the results following on Tuesday, May 9, 2017. This week featured a double elimination and the bottom three artists were to perform again for the Instant Save. iTunes bonus multiplier were awarded to Plake (#9) and Duski (#10).[9][10]

Week 5: Semifinals (May 15 & 16) [ edit ]

The Top 8 performed on Monday, May 15, 2017, with the results following on Tuesday, May 16, 2017. For the first time, the duets between contestants were part of the competition and public voting, including the bonus awarded for that performance. In the semifinals, three artists would automatically move to next week's finale, the two artists with the fewest votes would be immediately eliminated and the middle three would contend for the remaining spot in the next week's finals via the Instant Save. iTunes bonus multipliers were awarded to Duski (#1), Chris Blue (#2), Aliyah Moulden (#7) and Plake (#10), and for the first time ever, a duet was awarded a bonus with performances for Vanessa Ferguson and Blue (#6).[11][12]

With the eliminations of Brown and Plake, Stefani no longer has any artists on her team.

Non-competition performances Order Performer Song 26.1 Big Boi featuring Adam Levine "Mic Jack" 26.2 DNCE "Kissing Strangers"

Week 6: Finale (May 22 & 23) [ edit ]

The Top 4 performed on Monday, May 22, 2017, with the final results following on Tuesday, May 23, 2017. Finalists performed a solo cover song, a duet with their coach, and an original song. iTunes bonus multipliers were awarded to Duski (#1 and #2), Blue (#3 and #9), Jesse Larson (#5) and Moulden (#7).[13] All iTunes votes received for the five weeks leading up to the finale were cumulatively added to online and app finale votes for each finalist.

Elimination chart [ edit ]

Overall [ edit ]

Color key Artist's info

Team Adam

Team Adam Team Gwen Team Alicia

Team Alicia Team Blake

Result details

Winner

Winner Runner-up

Runner-up Third place

Third place Fourth place Saved by Instant Save (via Twitter)

Saved by Instant Save (via Twitter) Saved by the public

Saved by the public Saved by his/her coach

Saved by his/her coach Eliminated

Live show results per week Artists Week 1 Playoffs Week 2 Week 3 Week 4 Week 5 Week 6 Finale Chris Blue Safe Safe Safe Safe Safe Winner Lauren Duski Safe Safe Safe Safe Safe Runner-up Aliyah Moulden Safe Safe Safe Safe Safe 3rd place Jesse Larson Safe Safe Safe Safe Safe 4th place Brennley Brown Safe Safe Safe Safe Eliminated Eliminated (Week 5) Hunter Plake Safe Safe Safe Safe Eliminated Vanessa Ferguson Safe Safe Safe Safe Eliminated TSoul Safe Safe Safe Safe Eliminated Mark Isaiah Safe Safe Safe Eliminated Eliminated (Week 4) Lilli Passero Safe Safe Safe Eliminated Stephanie Rice Safe Safe Eliminated Eliminated (Week 3) Troy Ramey Safe Eliminated Eliminated (Week 2) Jack Cassidy Eliminated Eliminated (Week 1) Hanna Eyre Eliminated Johnny Gates Eliminated Johnny Hayes Eliminated JChosen Eliminated Casi Joy Eliminated Ashley Levin Eliminated Aaliyah Rose Eliminated Quizz Swanigan Eliminated Felicia Temple Eliminated Anatalia Villaranda Eliminated Josh West Eliminated

Team [ edit ]

Color key Artist's info

Team Adam

Team Adam Team Gwen Team Alicia

Team Alicia Team Blake

Result details

Winner

Winner Runner-up

Runner-up Third place

Third place Fourth Place Eliminated

Eliminated Artist Saved by Instant Save (via Twitter)

Artist Saved by Instant Save (via Twitter) Artist received one or more iTunes bonus that week

Artist received one or more iTunes bonus that week

Teams are in 3 artists

Teams are in 3 artists No artists remaining on his/her team

Artist Week 1 Playoffs Week 2 Week 3 Week 4 Week 5 Week 6 Finale Jesse Larson Public's choice Advanced Advanced Advanced Advanced Fourth place Mark Isaiah Coach's choice Advanced Advanced Eliminated Lilli Passero Public's choice Advanced Advanced Eliminated Hanna Eyre Eliminated Johnny Hayes Eliminated Josh West Eliminated Brennley Brown Public's choice Advanced Advanced Advanced Eliminated Hunter Plake Public's choice Advanced Advanced Advanced Eliminated Troy Ramey Coach's Choice Eliminated Johnny Gates Eliminated JChosen Eliminated Quizz Swanigan Eliminated Chris Blue Public's choice Advanced Advanced Advanced Advanced Winner Vanessa Ferguson Public's choice Advanced Advanced Advanced Eliminated Stephanie Rice Coach's Choice Advanced Eliminated Jack Cassidy Eliminated Ashley Levin Eliminated Anatalia Villaranda Eliminated Lauren Duski Public's choice Advanced Advanced Advanced Advanced Runner-up Aliyah Moulden Public's choice Advanced Advanced Advanced Advanced Third place TSoul Coach's Choice Advanced Advanced Advanced Eliminated Casi Joy Eliminated Aaliyah Rose Eliminated Felicia Temple Eliminated

Rank Coach Top 12 Top 11 Top 10 Top 8 Top 6 Top 4 1 Alicia Keys 3 3 2 2 1 1 2 Blake Shelton 3 3 3 3 2 2 3 Adam Levine 3 3 3 1 1 1 4 Gwen Stefani 3 2 2 2 2 0

Contestants who appeared on previous shows or seasons [ edit ]

Ratings [ edit ]