Pink Announces 2018 Tour and Drops New Single Pink is honestly one of the most hardworking pop-stars out there and her new announcements have easily shown that. The singer has announced a 2018 tour, new single AND a new documentary all in one day!

She has been extremely busy with preparing for her tour, the release of her album as well as raising her two children with her husband Carey Hart.

She also recently received the Vanguard Award at this year’s MTV VMA’s which she accepted and made a beautiful speech regarding her daughter Willow.

Now the So What star is going to be releasing her seventh studio album Beautiful Trauma and will be going around North America on a 40-date tour in support of the record.

It will start off in 2018 on March 1st in Phoenix and finishes up on June 2nd in Los Angeles. The tickets will go on sale on Friday, October 13th through Live Nation.

#VerifiedFan & AMEX Presales Start 10/10. General On Sale Starts 10/13. Sign up to become a Verified Fan at https://t.co/wqKNOdSNBn — P!nk (@Pink) October 5, 2017

In addition to the tour, she has teamed up with Apple and is bringing out a documentary about recording the new album. In the 1 minute teaser, she explains how difficult it is juggling her efforts on family life and music.

“Making an album… it’s so many moving pieces. It’s a lot of pieces. The studio sessions, and you write the songs, and then you have to finish the songs.”

“Someone’s in New York and someone’s in Philadelphia, and maybe there’s a choir in Philadelphia. Then, it’s photo shoots. Video shoots,” she explained in the trailer.

She goes on to explain that there is so much more behind-the-scenes action that fans will be able to see in the documentary and how she manages her busy lifestyle. The film will be available to stream via Apple Music October 13th.

I made a thing with @AppleMusic! It’s a documentary about #BeautifulTrauma – Check out this trailer pic.twitter.com/NfQeRwG7Sa — P!nk (@Pink) October 5, 2017

But Pink isn’t stopping there though as she has released another new song: “Whatever You Want” from Beautiful Trauma, which comes out October 13th as well. But the lyric video has been released and fans are already loving it.

The Grammy award winner has already teased fans with two tracks: “Whatever You Want” and “Beautiful Trauma”. Both singles sound so good and got us all excited for the new album.

Congratulations to the singer for her new tour, single AND documentary. You go, Pink!

Let us know what you think of the announcements @CelebMix!