Stormy Daniels’ husband Glendon Crain files for divorce and restraining order Your support helps us to tell the story Read more Support Now From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging. At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story. The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it. Your support makes all the difference. Read more

Stormy Daniels’ husband Glendon Crain has filed for divorce in Texas after claiming infidelity.

The adult film star came to be known in the mainstream after alleging an affair with Donald Trump and being paid for her silence by his personal attorney Michael Cohen just before the 2016 US election. Mr Trump has denied the affair took place.

Mr Crain, who is also an adult film star and performs under the name Brendan Miller, has filed for sole custody of their seven-year-old daughter and was granted a temporary restraining order against Ms Daniels which restricts unsupervised access to their daughter.

The couple married in November 2015 and had been living near Dallas, Texas, until the middle of July 2018.

Mr Crain’s divorce petition stated the marriage “has become insupportable because of discord or conflict of personalities” and made claims that Ms Daniels was putting his daughter “in imminent threat of serious and immediate physical or emotional harm” by attempting to bring her along on Ms Daniels’ nationwide tour of strip club performances.

Mr Crain has asked for child support from Ms Daniels and sharing their property assets.

Michael Avenatti, Ms Daniels’ lawyer in her case against Mr Trump and Mr Cohen, announced the divorce on Twitter and said the terms of the divorce are “vehemently disputed” by his client and that her daughter remains her first priority.

Ms Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford, tweeted: “I want truth. And it will come out. I’m not afraid”.

She is currently suing Mr Cohen in California district court for alleged defamation. The suit claimed Mr Cohen worked with Mr Trump to prevent her from making the story of the alleged affair public during the 2016 US election. It also accused Mr Cohen of continuing to try to silence her.

Mr Cohen, according to his own claims, paid Ms Daniels $130,000 (£91,000) leading up to the 2016 election. He was quick to deny any connection to Mr Trump's campaign team, saying that he used his own money to pay her. The payment was reportedly part of a nondisclosure agreement regarding the affair, which allegedly occurred a decade ago. Mr Avenatti argued that the document is not valid because Mr Trump never signed it.

Ms Daniels' lawsuit alleged however, that Mr Cohen created a company “with Mr Trump’s knowledge” to hide the source of the payout money. She also said in the complaint that Mr Cohen implied she was lying about the nature of her relationship with Mr Trump.

The president has confirmed Mr Cohen was reimbursed for the payment.