Idina Menzel marries 'Rent' co-star Aaron Lohr Idina Menzel can light up both the Broadway stage and the silver screen, but when she revealed she married fiancé Aaron Lohr over the weekend, she was anything but dramatic.

Wanted to let you know... Married the love of my life #aaronlohr this weekend @ our home. Dad & son walked me down aisle. It was magical. — Idina Menzel (@idinamenzel) September 25, 2017

"Wanted to let you know...Married the love of my life #aaronlohr this weekend @ our home," the 46-year-old Broadway actress and "Frozen" star tweeted on Monday. "Dad & son walked me down aisle. It was magical."

Then after a pause, she shared photos with her eager fans!

Thank you to everyone who helped make my wedding day so special. pic.twitter.com/6ENbV3NzWw — Idina Menzel (@idinamenzel) September 25, 2017

The Tony Award-winning actress has been involved with the 41-year-old Lohr since 2015. The couple starred together in the 2005 screen adaptation of "Rent," the Broadway musical that rocketed the actress to fame.

Menzel took to Twitter on Monday to share the news that she and her "Rent" co-star Aaron Lohr married over the weekend. Paul Morigi / WireImage

Lohr now works as a Marriage and Family Therapist Registered Intern at Avalon Malibu Mental Health & Addiction Treatment Center in California.

Last September, the actress revealed the pair's engagement on Twitter.

As if this week couldn't get any better I have wonderful news... my man and I are engaged! We are so happy. It's a beautiful time. — Idina Menzel (@idinamenzel) September 23, 2016

"As if this week couldn't get any better I have wonderful news...My man and I are engaged! We are so happy. It's a beautiful time," she wrote, tucking the info into an earlier tweet about her joy over the success of her 2016 album, "idina."

Menzel was previously married to fellow Broadway star Taye Diggs from 2003 until their split a decade later. The two share a son, Walker, 7.

Here's wishing Idina and Aaron many years of happiness!