Selena Gomez heads home from workout with flushed face She's been enjoying back-to-back dates with her former teen sweetheart Justin Bieber amid claims they've now officially rekindled their romance.

But Selena Gomez was flying solo as she emerged from an intense workout session in Los Angeles on Friday.

The signer and actress, 25, stepped out amid claims the Baby hitmaker, 23, pursued her 'for months' before they officially got back together when she split from musician beau The Weekend, 27, according toTMZ.

Scroll down for video

Giving it her all! Selena Gomez was flying solo as she emerged from an intense workout session in Los Angeles on Friday after reuniting with former flame Justin Bieber

It looked like Selena went all out during her workout as she emerged from the gym glistening with sweat and wearing a healthy flush upon her cheeks.

The brunette's hair was also damp, pulled back into a messy bun with loose tendrils framing her face.

Selena displayed her toned arms in a white tank while hugging her trim legs in clingy yoga pants.

She made sure to stay hydrated with a bottle of water in hand while keeping the music going with her headphones.

Tickled pink! The signer and actress, 25, stepped out amid claims the Baby hitmaker, 23, pursued her 'for months' before they got back together after she split from The Weekend

Healthy glow: It looked like Selena went all out during her workout as she emerged from the gym glistening with sweat and wearing a healthy flush upon her cheeks

Gym bunny: The brunette's hair was also damp, pulled back into a messy bun with loose tendrils framing her face

Hours earlier, Selena arrived at the gym in incognito mode, wearing basic leggings and a comfy sweater with the hood up.

The Wizards Of Waverly Place star hid her eyes with sunglasses as she kept her eyes low.

The starlet tossed on the sweatshirt yet again, as she fetched post-gym refreshments at Alfred Coffee + Kitchen in Studio City after her workout.

Her previously messy tresses were tamed into a slick ponytail.

H 2 Oh! Selena made sure to stay hydrated with a bottle of water in hand while keeping the music going with her headphones

Undercover lover: Selena arrived at the gym in incognito mode, donning basic leggings and a comfy sweater with the hood up

Still glowing from her workout, the star carried a pair of juices and an iced coffee, perhaps taking something home to share with Justin.

The duo are back together after enjoying several very public outings together, as well as being pictured going to-and-from each others' LA area residences.

On Thursday, a source confirmed to US Weekly: 'Selena and Justin are back together. Selena and The Weeknd just fizzled and ended amicably - it wasn't dramatic and it wasn't about Justin.

'But Selena always had feelings for Justin. Her friends want her to be cautious because she has been in such a good place post-surgery.'

Earlier this week, news of Selena's split with beau of 10 months, The Weeknd - real name Abel Makkonen Tesfaye - emerged.

Eye see you: The Wizards Of Waverly Place star hid her eyes with sunglasses as she kept her eyes low

Refueling: The starlet tossed on the sweatshirt yet again, as she fetched post-gym refreshments at Alfred Coffee + Kitchen in Studio City, California

One for her plus one? Still glowing from her workout, the star carried a pair of juices and an iced coffee, perhaps taking something home to share with Justin

Justin and Selena have a long personal history.

The duo began dating in 2010, and endured an on and off relationship before Justin's wild streak saw Selena end it for good in 2016.

Though it seemed like their last breakup was the end of the road, a TMZ source explained that the actress/singer's health issues from Lupus and subsequent kidney transplant this summer made him realize how much she meant to him.

It took some convincing to win Selena over though, whose family dubbed the Believe singer as 'vile' while also blaming him for her depression and other mental health challenges over the past years.

Game on! Selena appears to be back with ex Justin after seen on several very public outings together, as well as being pictured going to-and-from each others' LA area residences

Devout: Later on in the evening she was spotted hjeading to an event at the Nokia Theater in Downtown LA

They've got history: Justin and Selena (pictured in 2011) have a long personal history, first dating in 2010 before seeing each other on and off until Selena ended things for good in 2016

It has also been revealed that Justin's pastor has been 'encouraging' his reconciliation with Selena.

His confidante Carl Lentz, senior pastor at Hillsong Church, has been inspiring the pair to become friends again 'at least.'

A source close to the pop star said: 'He has been going to church every week and spends all his time with his pastor Carl Lentz - Carl has been encouraging 'reconciliation' between the two - to heal their friendship at least.

'Justin basically has been asking her for her forgiveness this whole time.'