Brie Larson, Jennifer Lawrence and Emma Stone Are In the Ultimate Group Text Emma Stone and Jennifer Lawrence became friends by texting each other every day until they got drunk on cheap wine together, and it turns out they include Brie Larson, too.

Larson spoke with Vanity Fair for its May issue about her friendships with the other A-list actresses, revealing that the trio has become each other’s support system through a group text—which also happens to include Lena Dunham and Amy Schumer. (It keeps getting better.)

The actress explained that she began to rely on the women during the grueling and uncomfortable process of promoting her Oscar-winning work in Room. “I felt lonely and bad sometimes. I was embarrassed to keep talking about myself,” she said.

An unexpected but “beautiful” email from Stone and a text from Lawrence, turned into powerful relationships.

“That [group of friends] saved my life,” she said. “I was able to talk with them about everything that was going on in my life, and it was with people who had been through it before and are also hilarious. That support and acceptance was everything. I was home-schooled, so I didn’t have friends that had the same interests as me, and I found it to be absolutely incredible.”

This isn’t the first time Larson has gushed about her celebrity comrades. After the 2017 Academy Awards, Larson posted a picture to Instagram of her embracing a tearful Stone. But the duo’s cute Oscars behavior extends back even farther than this year. Larson revealed to Vanity Fair that last year, when she was nominated, Stone gave her a good luck card alongside a gift: the book I Can Fly.

“It’s those little things,” Larson said of Stone’s gesture.

Larson also opened up about getting to know Lawrence, whom she met through costar Woody Harrelson, who had likewise introduced Stone and Lawrence. Larson explained that she and Lawrence happened to be in Montreal at the same time, and hung out every week.

“We just had a blast together, going to get dinner every Saturday night. It gave us all a chance to connect,” Larson said.

Harrelson also praised the group of actresses, calling them “a very tight-knit group who keep them honest and keep their ego in check.”

And with Larson recently snagging the coveted titular role in Captain Marvel—the first female-led Marvel superhero film—it seems Larson will be needing those friends by her side more than ever. After all, every superhero needs her sidekicks.

Read more about Larson’s upcoming films and her friendships on vanityfair.com, and pick up the May issue on newsstands starting May 2.

Inez and Vinoodh exclusively for Vanity Fair.

Related: Emma Stone and Jennifer Lawrence Became Friends in the Most Millennial Way

Brie Larson Ran from Boulders at Her Indiana Jones Themed Birthday Party: