A cringeworthy clip of Brett Ratner and Serena Williams is making the rounds online following sexual-misconduct allegations against him A clip from Serena Williams' short-lived 2005 reality series, "Venus and Serena: For Real," shows her boyfriend at the time, Brett Ratner, acting strangely.

The clip is making the rounds on the internet one day after the Los Angeles Times detailed multiple accusations of sexual harassment and assault against Ratner.



A strange clip of Brett Ratner and Serena Williams from her 2005 reality series, "Venus and Serena: For Real," is making the rounds online on Thursday, one day after the Los Angeles published a report detailing multiple accusations of sexual misconduct against the Hollywood producer and director.

In the 90-second clip, Ratner and Williams, his girlfriend at the time, appear to be arguing over issues they've been having with their long-distance relationship while they watch a tennis match her sister is playing in.

Ratner is physically affectionate and touches Williams throughout the video, even though Williams does not appear to enjoy it.

"Give me some love," Ratner says as he continues to touch her. "Show me that you care."

A seemingly frustrated Williams eventually asks Ratner if he can just watch her sister play and says he's "being very disturbing."

Williams cheers for her sister, and Ratner joins in by yelling, "Sexy legs!"

In the clip, Williams tells Ratner she wants to see other people.

"It's too bad it didn't work out between us," she says.

Ratner replies, "Is this the breakup episode?"

Ratner then tries to kiss Williams, but she rebuffs him.

"They don't do this on Nick and Jessica's show," Ratner says, referring to Nick Lachey and Jessica Simpson's reality-TV series. Ratner tries to kiss Williams once more but is again rejected.

You can watch the clip here:

On Wednesday, the Times reported that six women had accused Ratner of sexually harassment or assault.

In a statement to Business Insider on behalf of the director, Ratner's attorney said Ratner "vehemently denies the outrageous derogatory allegations that have been reported about him" and was "confident that his name will be cleared once the current media frenzy dies down and people can objectively evaluate the nature of these claims."

In another statement to Business Insider, the attorney said Ratner would step away from all "Warner Bros.-related activities" until his "personal issues are resolved."