J.Lo and A-Rod Just Bought a $15.3 Million Condo in NYC Amidst ongoing rumors that Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck are having relationship issues, the married stars just added fuel to the fire by publicly listing their $68 million Beverly Hills mansion.

Earlier this summer, outlets like Entertainment Tonight and TMZ claimed the pair was quietly trying to sell the home, and now, the sprawling 38,000-square-foot space is on the market and can be seen on Zillow.

As for why they’re selling the mansion, a source told People: “Ben never liked the house. It’s too far away from his kids.” With regard to Lopez, the source added, “The house is way too big for her.”

There’s no denying it’s big. The 12-bed, 24-bathroom home sits on a 5.2-acre lot, and it includes such amenities as basketball and pickleball courts, a fully equipped gym, a boxing ring, a 12-car garage, a zero-edge pool, a guest penthouse, and more.

This news arrives amid murmurs about the couple’s separation, which started spreading in the spring, when it was reported that Affleck had not been living in his and Lopez’s shared home. The reports were exacerbated when the Air director and star was spotted out and about without his wedding ring on.

Since then, the couple has been spotted on a number of outings, including a family movie viewing with Jennifer Garner, as well as a graduation for Affleck’s son, Samuel. Insiders have claimed the two are “taking space” from each other after “months” of working through issues, and they’ve been struggling due to their very different “approaches to fame.”

Despite all this, the two clearly still care for one another. Last month, J.Lo shared a Father’s Day post that featured a throwback shot of Affleck, and underneath it, she wrote, “Our hero 🤍 Happy Father’s Day.” Meanwhile, Affleck has been spotted making various visits to their Beverly Hills home.



The couple known as Bennifer first bought the house in 2023 for $60.8 million, after almost two years of searching for the perfect home. According to the Zillow listing, the home has undergone some significant renovations, which is why the price tag has gone up. You can check out the full listing here.