Dakota Meyer accuses Bristol Palin of leaving him a WEEK before their called-off wedding Dakota Meyer accused Bristol Palin of keeping him from seeing his daughter Sailor and claimed she left him a week before their wedding in a long, explosive social media post on Wednesday.

The former Marine, 30, took to Instagram in the morning to share details of his past relationship with Bristol, 27, including their first planned wedding, which they called off before the birth of their first child together.

Bristol and Dakota were first set to tie the knot in May 2015 in Dakota's home state of Kentucky, but that wedding was called off. They had their daughter Sailor in December 2015 and married in June 2016 in a surprise ceremony.

Message: Dakota Meyer, 30, shared this photo of himself with his daughter Sailor, two, on Wednesday while speaking out against his ex-wife Bristol Palin, 27

The pair are now parents to Sailor, two, and Atlee, one. Bristol also has a nine-year-old son, Tripp, with her ex Levi Johnston, 28.

In his Instagram post, Dakota offered more details about the events that led to the cancellation of that first wedding and its aftermath. The pair had gotten engaged during a Rascal Flatts concert in Las Vegas in early 2015.

Dakota said on Wednesday that he had chosen to open up in order to respond to an exchange Bristol had on the Teen Mom Instagram account.

The pair are currently appearing on the new season of Teen Mom OG. While they have officially divorced, the show started filming while they were still together, and thus documents the dissolution of their marriage.

Dakota began his post, which featured a photo of him holding Sailor in his arms, by saying Bristol 'got pregnant right after [their] engagement'.

'We planned a wedding with our families and friends and Bristol decided to leave me a week prior,' he added. 'I spoke with her family every month and made it clear I would be the father of my child.

'I reached out to her before Sailor was born and asked what the plan was to co-parent. She told me to go through the courts to establish paternity.'

Opening up: The former Marine took to Instagram Stories to share more thoughts about his divorce from Bristol and the circumstances of their split

Dakota opened up about the circumstances of Sailor's birth, adding: 'I wasn't invited to the birth and found out my child was born on Twitter — can you imagine being a dad and not being allowed to be at your child's birth?'

He added about Bristol: 'She denied my paternity until it could be proven, at which point Sailor was born. For Bristol to state that Sailor didn't have a dad is laughable — what really happened is Bristol kept our daughter from having a father present at birth and until the courts ruled that I was her father.

'I can promise you this, Sailor and Atlee always had a dad, and always will have a dad.'

Back when Bristol announced her pregnancy, a month after her and Dakota's canceled wedding, she initially didn't disclose whether the former Marine was the father of her child.

In January 2016, DailyMail.com revealed exclusively that Dakota was being forced to take a paternity test in an increasingly bitter battle over custody of Sailor.

Dakota also took to Instagram Stories to answer questions from his viewers regarding his relationship with Bristol and their split.

He said he did file for divorce from his wife, saying he only did so after she told him she wanted a divorce and had 'already met with an attorney first'.

Dakota acknowledged his PTSD and anxiety, which Bristol has cited as important factors in their split, adding: 'but I wasn't married to anyone perfect'.

Family: The father said he has a 'week on, week off' custody arrangement with Bristol and advised other people to cherish their loved ones

Bristol Palin and Dakota Meyer's relationship: a timeline Bristol and Dakota met in 2014 during the filming of Sarah Palin's Sportsman Channel show Amazing America. The pair got engaged during a Rascal Flatts concert in Las Vegas in early 2015. Bristol and Dakota (pictured in an archive Instagram shot) met in 2014 during the filming of Sarah Palin's Sportsman Channel show Amazing America They planned a wedding in Dakota's home state of Kentucky, which was called off at the last minute in May 2015. Bristol and Dakota's first daughter together, Sailor, now two, was born in December 2015. In early 2016, it was revealed that Dakota was being asked to take a paternity test as part of a bitter battle over custody of Sailor. Dakota and Bristol tied the knot in June 2016. In December of that year, Bristol, who also has a nine-year-old son called Tripp with her ex Levi Johnston, 28, announced she was expecting her third child — her second with Dakota. She gave birth to their daughter Atlee, now one, in May 2017. It emerged in February this year that Dakota had filed for divorce. Bristol confirmed in August that the proceedings had been finalized.

When one Instagram user asked Dakota when he knew enough was enough, he replied: 'I knew enough was enough when I would hear her talk to her family in front of me and say "I can't believe I wasted three years with a mother f***er like this.'

Another person asked Dakota whether he ever feared he might hurt someone while having a PTSD episode, to which he said: 'That's such a great question. No, absolutely not. I've never put my hands on Bristol. I've never hurt Bristol. I've never said anything to Bristol she hasn't said to me, so let's clarify that.'

The father also revealed that he has a 'week on, week off' custody arrangement with Bristol and admitted that he does have a nanny, adding 'but I also have a job hahaha'.

Bristol and Dakota, who met in 2014 during the filming of Sarah Palin's Sportsman Channel show Amazing America, have publicly discussed their relationship on social media and in interviews recently amid their appearance on Teen Mom OG.

On Monday evening, Bristol took to her Instagram Story to react to the latest episode of the MTV show. She then deleted the many messages she had posted in relation to the show from her Story, leaving only a photo of herself tuning into the program with her son Tripp at her side.

Monday's episode saw Dakota warning viewers about being with someone who '[doesn't] want to be there for you' or is 'not strong enough', while Bristol said her two-year marriage was 'at a breaking point' after Dakota's PTSD rendered him anxious and sleep-deprived.

Speaking out: On Monday, Dakota did another Instagram Q&A, and this time spoke out to reiterate that he will not be getting married again, while sharing a rather imposing photo

Speaking out: Bristol called 'BS' on her ex-husband on Monday evening while watching a Teen Mom OG segment documenting the dissolution of their marriage

While it's unclear which specific segment prompted Bristol to react to the footage on her Instagram Story, she shared images of Dakota during the episode with the words 'K... kind of BS' written over the footage.

She then highlighted the fact that Dakota was the one who filed for divorce, and said that she only 'put [her] foot down' and decided the pair should go through with the breakup because she thought it would be best for her children.

On her Instagram Story, Bristol shared a message from a person accusing her of 'leaving your husband when he needs you the most', telling Bristol her behavior is 'sickening'.

Bristol replied by saying: 'Let's just get a few facts straight' before posting a series of updates. In the first, she called Dakota an 'incredible father' and reminded her Instagram followers that they only see '.002' of her and Dakota's lives on the show.

'Like Dakota has said multiple times on IG and in interviews... Our marriage was over WAY BEFORE TMOG,' she added.

Opening up: Bristol highlighted the fact that Dakota was the one who filed for divorce and expressed her respect for his service as a Marine

Bristol then said Dakota moved out of the family home 'more times than [she] would ever like to admit'.

'He got an attorney. He filed for divorce,' she added. 'Wait, did you read that? He filed for divorce. And he kept coming and going based on what he thought was best.

'I did not ask for a divorce, but I did look at my children, and knew the marriage was NOT what was best for them. Just because the picture you see painted is ME finally putting my foot down, to end the back and forth, does NOT mean I didn't give my marriage and Dakota, everything I had in me.'

Bristol added that she respects Dakota's service as a former Marine, and that she 's 'thankful' her daughters have him as a father.'

'I never "gave up" on Dakota, or on our family. I know in my heart I did everything I could,' she wrote, before stating that she believes the divorce will enable her children to grow up in a 'much happier' environment.

She also credited Dakota for doing everything he could to try and save his marriage before finally calling it quits.

'I do want what's best for Dakota and know that in my heart,' she wrote.

Bristol watched the episode with Tripp by her side, thought she said he wouldn't be tuning into the show and shared a photo of her son wearing large headphones.

Tripp, who was recently eliminated from Dancing With The Stars: Juniors, appeared to be tucking into a frozen yogurt bar along with his mother, who had her glasses on to follow the program.

Duo: Bristol watched Teen Mom with her son Tripp, nine, at her side, though he was wearing large headphones and was apparently not tuning into the program

Family: Bristol shared a couple of photos of Sailor, two, and Atlee, one, and said she was missing them 'so much it hurts' as the two little girls were away

The mother also said on her Instagram Story that she was missing her two daughters 'so much it hurts' and that she would be apart from them for 'six more days'.

She posted two photos of Sailor and Atlee cuddling together, writing the word 'perfection' on top of one of the photos.

Earlier this month, Dakota discussed his breakup from Bristol in a new interview with People, detailing the moment that he knew their relationship was over.

Bristol and Dakota split earlier this year, with Bristol confirming in August that the proceedings had been finalized.

'This relationship was done way before Teen Mom OG,' Dakota told People.

The former Marine then joked that he knew the relationship was over 'the day after we got married', according to People.

'Our relationship has had struggles from day one, I think we tried our best,' he added. 'I can definitely say that I tried in this relationship.'

Marriage woes: On Monday's episode of Teen Mom OG, Bristol opened up about the difficulties she was facing in her marriage at the time, along with Dakota

On Monday's episode of Teen Mom OG, Bristol opened up about the difficulties she was facing in her marriage at the time, saying: 'It's draining… I live my life on complete eggshells, I think everyone in this house does, even the kids.'

She added: 'I don't like my marriage at all.'

Dakota, meanwhile, saw things differently.

'I love Bristol but you can only do that for so long and not get it back,' he said.

'If someone tells you they don't want to be there for you, or that they're not strong enough to be there for you, don't be an idiot like me and not believe them,' he warned.

'It's been something that's been hard for me to accept, it breaks my heart, I know that I'm a good human being, I also know that I want a home where I've got support,' Dakota added.

'I don't want to have to go to other people's houses to get support,' he continued sadly.

'I was a single mom for a long time but now, being married, I'm more lonely now than I've ever been,' said Bristol, who decided they should split.

