Brittany Cartwright Still Gets Emotional When She Talks About Jax Taylor's Cheating Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright's intense conversations about the bartender's infidelity have provided some of the most emotionally raw moments of this season of Vanderpump Rules, maybe even in the history of the show. And it's still difficult for Brittany to relive this difficult time in her relationship, even though several months have now passed.

How to Watch Vanderpump Rules Season 12 is streaming now on Peacock. Stream on

Brittany got choked up as she watched the clip of Jax admitting to cheating on her with former SURver Faith Stowers (clip above) when she recently stopped by E!'s Daily Pop. "Honestly that's the first time that I've actually seen that clip at all, so it kind of makes me almost wanna cry right now," she shared while fighting back tears. "Just because I haven't actually seen it, it's been too hard. So it's just hard all around."

The SURver went on to say that her relationship is "a big time work in progress." "People act like I just let him do whatever and everything's OK, but it's not," Brittany said. "We're still having to work on things, we're still going through it every single day. And reliving it all is making it even worse."

Related





Brittany also said that making the decision to stay with Jax was "very hard." "I still think about what should I do, honestly," she said. "It's a toss-up."

Knowing how difficult this season has and will continue to be for Brittany, Jax recently told Bravotv.com that he's asking fans to show their support to his girlfriend as they try to overcome this challenging time in their relationship. "Brittany and I, we're working through our issues. We're actually in a really good place right now. I love her very much. I don't plan on going anywhere. She's not getting rid of me yet. I'm not getting rid of her," he shared. "I want to be with her for the rest of my life. We had some hiccups, as you'll see, but we'll get past it like anything else. I just want people to be nice to her. She's such a sweet, kind person. She doesn't deserve me, let alone all this other crap. So I just want people to be nice to her. That's what I want, mostly."

Find out why Jax wanted to immediately come clean about being unfaithful to Brittany, below.