Ciara & Russell Wilson Share Pics From Their Amazing Trip to China: Check Out Their Family Photos! Disneyland, football camp, shopping and tobogganing down the Great Wall of China -- Ciara and Russell Wilson had one action-packed family vacay in China!

The singer and footballer shared a collection of photos and videos from their adventurous jaunt to China, kicking things off with Wilson running a football camp.



WATCH: Ciara Drops More Than 20lbs After Giving Birth to Daughter Sienna

“Teaching the kids to ‘MakeEmMiss’ all the way in China with @Nike,” wrote the 28-year-old athlete, before sharing a video showing him leading the kids in a sprint.

The youngsters appeared to be having a blast, despite Wilson saying that some locals had been wary about American football being played in China.

“The coolest part of Shanghai is the love of sports here,” he said in a video posted on Instagram. “Encouraging these young kids about football and going outside the box -- it’s been interesting because American football is such a physical sport and here in China, they’ve been talking about, ‘Maybe they’re too small’ and it’s not the case.”

“A lot of people said I was too small!” Wilson added. “So there’s a huge lift, encouragement, involvement and growth of kids wanting to play football here and it’s really exciting to bring football to China. Exciting times!”



NEWS: Ciara and Russell Wilson Celebrate 1-Year Wedding Anniversary

Next, Wilson hit the Great Wall of China, leading a bunch of budding footballers in a run along the iconic wall. Once at the top, he celebrated by cranking Katy Perry’s “Chained to the Rhythm” for a little boogie “on top of the world.”



Ciara also crossed the tourist spot off of her bucket list with a gorgeous Instagram post.

“By far, one of the most incredible and breathtaking experiences in life!” she enthused. “Sitting on the top of the #GreatWallOfChina! #BucketList #China.”

Of course, what goes up must come down and for that, the family hopped in the toboggan to descend from the wall. Even the couple’s 2-month-old daughter, Sienna Princess Wilson, was on board, tucked away in a baby carrier worn by her mom!

Next up, the family headed to Shanghai Disneyland, where they posed with Mickey, met Spider-Man and had a pic with Iron Man.



NEWS: Russell Wilson Rocks the Kids Choice Sports Carpet With Stepson Future Zahir

Having worked up an appetite at the happiest place on Earth, Wilson went in search of “authentic Chinese cuisine and goodies,” at some local markets.

The Seattle Seahawks quarterback also shared the most adorable snap of 3-year-old Future Zahir -- Ciara’s son from a previous relationship with rapper Future -- running with a football, and a video of Ciara walking along the street. “My hot mama’s walking in China,” he gushed.

Of course, no vacay is complete without some shopping, so Ciara gave her credit card a whirl at Nanluoguxiang in Beijing.



NEWS: Ciara’s Son Future Makes Modelling Debut



The couple also dressed up in traditional Chinese clothing, posing against a wall of ferns while looking stunning.

“Rocking our 旗袍 Qi Pao & 唐装 Tang Zhuang! What an incredible experience!” Ciara captioned a photo. “Traditional Chinese Fashion is Amazingly Beautiful! #China.”

See more on the couple’s baby girl below.