Kelly Rowland Beauty Products Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.

Courtesy of Fenty Beauty

There's no need to introduce Rihanna to you. Instead, let me fill you in on what she’s been up to: caring for her new baby boy, headlining the Apple Music Super Bowl LVII Halftime Show (her first live performance since 2018), and continuing to release sell-out-within-minutes pieces with and While the promise of a new album has yet to be confirmed (please, God), here’s Rihanna, in her own words, on traveling, life as a new mom, and her favorite product to look extra-alive.

On motherhood and beauty

“Becoming a mother has only added to the inspiration in my life. I’ve had to find the balance between an efficient routine that maximizes precious ‘me’ time and full glam, because I really enjoy that colorful creative process.”

On inventing a new lipstick

“When it comes to matte liquid lipstick, we all know the deal—intense pigment often comes with intense dryness. I wanted to fix that. Fenty Beauty Fenty Icon Velvet Liquid Lipstick has a luxe formula that’s creamy and whipped so that the color glides on and feels plush but won’t crack. That’s why we call it a ‘velvet matte.’ It comes in a range of five shades of reds, pinks, and neutrals that are flexible and work on everyone.”

On her long-flight beauty routine

“I do everything I can to stay hydrated, from applying moisturizers to drinking coconut water—it’s really the only way to save your skin, especially on those long flights to different time zones and climates. I bring with me on overnight flights, and because it coats my lips and keeps them full-looking. Hydration from head to toe is key!”

On why smelling good is so important

“My mom was the first person to introduce me to beauty and fragrance. I loved her scent, and smelling good was really important to her. It was always the finishing touch before she would go out. And that’s how I treat fragrance today: I want it to exude everything that I feel, everything that I am, and everything that I want to be.”

On her beauty legacy

“My mantra has always been and always will be, ‘Beauty is there to have fun with. It should never feel like pressure or a uniform.’ I hope that carries on, because it’s an incredibly joyful and freeing way to live.”

Inspired by Rihanna's Routine Fenty Beauty Fenty Eau de Parfum $140 at Fenty Beauty “This scent captures so many memories and places that are personal to me, and I love that it becomes personal and unique to everyone who wears it.” Premium Vials Amber Glass Bottle $100 at premiumvials.com “I keep a travel spray bottle with me so I can spritz on the go. I’ll put water or rose water in it to elevate the experience.” Fenty Beauty Fenty Icon Velvet Liquid Lipstick $29 at Fenty Beauty Credit: Courtesy “I love that lipstick is so expressive. Even when I’m tired, I can just put on a bomb lipstick, and bam—I’m vibrant and alive.”

This article appears in the March 2023 issue of ELLE.