Below Deck's boat sinks in the Caribbean while filming Season five of this show about shipmates is off to a rocky start.

The cast and crew of Bravo's Below Deck got a rude awakening when their production boat sank in Caribbean waters on February 10, according to the Soualiga Post.

No one was hurt, according to Tricia, the chief on board the Silver Queen.

Rough waters! The cast and crew of Bravo's Below Deck got a rude awakening when their production boat sank in Caribbean waters on February 10, according to the Soualiga Post; the cast of season four is pictured here

The canteen boat for the television show crew had arrived in Marigot three days earlier.

After it got to the Marina Fort Louis' waters on February 9, trouble started.

It was around 12.00am Atlantic when the ship went down, after breaking its propeller with a mooring rope, according to the local paper.



No one was hurt: No one was hurt, according to Tricia, the chief on board the Silver Queen; Captain Lee Rosbach is pictured here

It started out OK: The canteen boat for the television show crew had arrived in Marigot three days earlier; (L-R) Sierra Storm, Kyle Dixon, Nico Sholly and Kelley Johnson are pictured here

'We were entering the Marina when I heard something and suddenly everybody started to yell, "Get out,"' Tricia said.

'The other boats' captains came to take the crew with their dinghys. I could take my things, I mean, the most important things, and I left the ship.'

She was the last person to leave the boat, as the person in charge.

Trouble in paradise: It was around 12.00am Atlantic when the ship went down, after breaking its propeller with a mooring rope, according to the local paper; (L-R) Kate Chastain, Emily Warburton-Adams, Sierra Storm and Ben Robinson are pictured here

Set life: Below Deck has been filming its fifth season with Kate Chastain (L), Nico Scholly (R) and Captain Lee Rosbach in the St. Martin-St. Maarten area

'Nobody got hurt,' the chief stated. 'I was just afraid someone got electrocuted with all this water and the electronic stuff around.'

Tricia said the Silver Queen was an historical fishing ship, and let the paper know that there were multiple problems aboard 'every day.'

Below Deck's season four finale aired on November 9, 2016.

It has been filming its fifth season in the St. Martin-St. Maarten area with a much smaller cast than previous seasons, to include Kate Chastain, Nico Scholly and Captain Lee Rosbach. The show is expected to return to Bravo later this year.