Justin Bieber Cancels Remaining ‘Purpose’ Tour Dates After 154 shows, Justin Bieber is bowing out of the remaining dates of his “Purpose” world tour, Variety has confirmed. According to a source, the pop star made the call on his own after much consideration. “It wasn’t a decision made overnight,” says an insider. “He’s had some time off and was able to consider his commitments.” To cancel the remainder of the tour, which was headed to Asia (Japan, Hong Kong, Philippines and Singapore) in addition to more U.S. dates (including an Aug. 5 performance at the Rose Bowl), was doable seeing as some tickets went on sale as recently as one week ago, so refunds will be available quickly.

Popular on Variety

Bieber’s 14 called off dates follow a similar move by Adele, who canceled the last two shows of her world tour scheduled for London’s Wembley Stadium, where 100,000 fans were expected nightly. “On medical advice I simply am unable to perform over the weekend,” she wrote in a post on Facebook. “To say I’m heart broken would be a complete understatement.”

Bieber has not yet commented on social media and reps for the singer were also unavailable for comment.

Through the first half of 2017, Bieber’s tour grossed $93.2 million with average per date ticket sales of 38,297, according to concert industry trade Pollstar. Bieber will likely face penalties for the U.S. dates, which are typically not insured against cancellation without a medical reason or a “Force Majeure,” which is defined as an unforeseeable circumstance that prevents someone from fulfilling a contract — like a war or political instability that could put an artist in danger.

A source confirms TMZ’s earlier story that Bieber was “just over it.” A reporter for the site caught up with Bieber on the beach in Santa Monica, California Monday afternoon. Bieber responded to questions by saying “Everything’s fine … I’ve been on tour for two years, [I’m going to spend time] resting, relaxation gonna ride some bikes.” Asked whether he had a message for his fans, he said “I love you guys, you’re awesome, I’m sorry for anyone who feels disappointed or betrayed.”

Update: A statement announcing the cancellation read:

“Due to unforeseen circumstances, Justin Bieber will cancel the remainder of the Purpose World Tour concerts. Justin loves his fans and hates to disappoint them. He thanks his fans for the incredible experience of the Purpose World Tour over last 18 months. He is grateful and honored to have shared that experience with his cast and crew for over 150 successful shows across six continents during this run. However, after careful consideration, he has decided he will not be performing any further dates. Tickets will be refunded at point of purchase.”