Chloe Green and 'Hot Felon' Jeremy Meeks snuggle up on first red carpet since welcoming baby boy Chloe Green and 'Hot Felon' Jeremy Meeks snuggle up on first red carpet since welcoming baby boy

The couple welcomed their first child together, a son named Jayden Meeks-Green, on May 29

Chloe Green and Jeremy Meeks snuggle up on first red carpet since baby's birth

Chloe Green and Jeremy Meeks put on a very loved up-display as they posed on their first red carpet since welcoming their baby boy.

‌



The Topshop heiress and her 'Hot Felon' fella welcomed son Jayden Meeks-Green on May 29 after a whirlwind romance that saw the end of his marriage to wife Melissa.

‌



And the couple showed off their love by snuggling up as they posed for snaps at the Monte-Carlo Gala for the Global Ocean 2018 held in Monaco on Wednesday.

‌



Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom keep things strictly PG as they make first red carpet appearance since getting back together READ MORE :

Chloe and Jeremy snuggle up (Image: AFP)

They put on a loved-up display (Image: AFP)

‌



Unlike Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom who kept things strictly PG on the red carpet , Jeremy and Chloe couldn't keep their hands off each other.

In one sweet snap, model Jeremy, who landed a contract when his sexy police mugshot went viral, wraps his arms around his lady.

Wearing a black embellished suit with a matching black shirt and tie, Jeremy, 34, leans into his love, nuzzling into her with his cheek and enveloping her in his arms.

‌



They welcomed their first child together in May (Image: AFP)

HOT COUPLE JEREMY MEEKS AND CHLOE GREEN ALL LOVED UP ON INSTAGRAM

Chloe, 27, who opted for a strapless animal print dress, looks to feel safe in the protective grasp of her man, and smiles as she wraps her arms around his waist.

‌



Pulling off their best model looks, Chloe - daughter of billionaire Sir Philip Green - and Jeremy give the cameras a steely gaze in another snap.

It's the first time the couple have hit the red carpet since welcoming little Jayden into the world.

They broke the news nine days after his birth by sharing a sweet picture on Instagram .

‌



Chloe Green shows off amazing post-baby body as she takes newborn on luxury cruise with boyfriend Jeremy Meeks READ MORE :

Little Jayden

Jeremy hangs out with Chloe and her parents (Image: Splash News)

"We are pleased to announce the birth of our beautiful baby boy Jayden Meeks-Green," Chloe captioned a shot of her little son's hands.

Article continues below

"Born May 29th 2018. Mommy and Baby both doing well. We kindly ask to respect our privacy please. Much love Chloe & Jeremy."

Chloe and Jeremy are said to be engaged and planning a wedding - although he still has to finalise his divorce from first wife Melissa, with whom he has a nine-year-old son, Jeremy Jr.

He and Chloe were first spotted kissing in public in May 2017 - and just weeks later Chloe found out she was expecting.