Demi Lovato Debuts New Tattoo After Break in Sobriety: ‘Free’ Finally free? Demi Lovato shared a pic of her new tattoo on social media four days after she revealed that she had relapsed six years into her sobriety.

Related: Demi Lovato’s Struggle With Addiction in Her Own Words Staying strong. Demi Lovato has been open about their struggle with drugs and alcohol since their first stint in rehab in 2010. Lovato sought treatment at the age of 18 after they got into a fight with one of their backup dancers when they were on tour with the Jonas Brothers. To help maintain their […]

“Free,” the 25-year-old singer’s new ink reads. The four-letter word is written in script and located on her finger. Lovato shared a selfie of the tattoo on her Instagram Story on Monday, June 25, but dated the photo Friday, June 22.

The “Tell Me You Love Me” crooner, who has more than 20 tattoos on her body, revealed that multiple members of her team also got the new “Free” ink.

Related: Celebrities’ Crazy Tattoos Check out photos of Lady Gaga, Lea Michele, Megan Fox, Miley Cyrus and other celebrities' craziest tattoos

“The team that tats together stays together,” Lovato captioned the group tattoo photo on her Instagram Story.

The Disney alum revealed in her powerful new song, “Sober,” released on Thursday, June 21, that she had relapsed.

“Mama, I’m so sorry I’m not sober anymore / And Daddy, please forgive me for the drinks spilled on the floor,” Lovato sings. “To the ones who never left me / We’ve been down this road before / I’m so sorry, I’m not sober anymore.”

Three days later, she performed “Sober” live for the first time.

Related: Celebrities Who Have Been to Rehab The perils of fame: struggling with painful pasts, overnight success and other demons, countless A-listers -- from former child stars like Lindsay Lohan to Oscar winners like Robert Downey Jr. -- have sought help at rehab. Click through to see more celebs who've gone to rehab

“Tonight I took the stage, a new person with a new life,” Lovato wrote alongside a clip of her performance at the Rock in Rio Lisboa festival on Sunday, June 24. “Thank you to everyone who has supported me throughout this journey. It will never be forgotten @rockinriolisboa.”

In the clip, Lovato begins to cry as she sings the lyrics “And I’m sorry for the fans / I lost who watched me fall again / I wanna be a role model, but I’m only human.” Lovato got more emotional as the audience cheered her on.