Ivanka Trump and her kids touchdown for Thanksgiving in Mar-A-Lago The mother-of-three pulled her long blonde hair back with a $170 Lele Sadoughi black velvet headband adorned with sparkly studs

Jared Kushner has earlier joined his wife and their three kids, Arabella, Joseph and Theodore, for the turkey pardoning in the Rose Garden

Ivanka, 37, and her three children were accompanied by sister Tiffany Trump, 25, as they touched down in Palm Beach on Tuesday evening

Ivanka Trump touched down in Palm Beach on Tuesday ahead of the Thanksgiving holiday, accompanied by her three children and her sister Tiffany.

The fashionable first family was pictured disembarking Air Force One as they arrived in Mar-a-Lago ahead of the festivities.

Mother-of-three Ivanka, 37, pulled her long blonde hair back with a $170 Lele Sadoughi black velvet headband adorned with sparkly studs.

Like their mother, the Trump-Kushner children Arabella, Joseph and Theodore were also dressed up, having attended the annual Thanksgiving turkey pardoning at the White House earlier in the day.

Arabella, seven, looked darling in a cornflower blue coat and silver ballet flats, however she removed the warm outerwear before touching down in Florida, and was seen stepping off the plane in a floral blue dress.

Meanwhile her younger brothers Joseph, five, and Theodore, two, were the spitting image of their father in their smart navy blue ensembles.

Scroll down for video

Ivanka Trump lands in Palm Beach aboard Air Force One with her children and accompanied by her sister Tiffany Trump

The first family was pictured together as they stepped out of Air Force One in Mar-a-Lago

Tiffany smiles for the camera as she departs Air Force One Tuesday in Palm Beach

Summer state-of-mind? Tiffany, 25, wore an asymmetrical pink coat over what looked like a lace dress as she set off for Mar-a-Lago

Frolicking: The mom took Arabella, seven, Joseph, five, and Theodore, two, to see the turkey ahead of ceremony, which was held in the Rose Garden before they jet off to Mar-a-Lago

Ivanka along with husband Jared Kushner had earlier taken her three children to see the turkey ahead of the pardoning at the White House, and little Theodore was particularly enamored with the bird.

At one point, she bent down to hold her youngest son while he pointed at the turkey, possibly trying to touch its feathers.

Before the ceremony, Ivanka was seen cuddling Theodore on her lap, resting her chin on the back of the little boy's head.

When Jared, 37, came to join them, he let Joseph sit on his lap, and he was seen giving his eldest son a sweet kiss on the cheek.

Meanwhile, Tiffany appeared unbothered by the impending winter cold spell as she wore a pink coat that fell just above her knees while attending the presentation of the National Thanksgiving Turkey on Tuesday.

The 25-year-old first daughter wore an asymmetrical pink coat with what looks to be a lace slip dress underneath and peach handbag as she celebrated the turkey pardon with her family in the Rose Garden of the White House.

It appeared Tiffany and Ivanka might have collaborated on hair accessories as they both secured their long blonde locks with glitzy headbands.

Besides the headband, the Georgetown Law student added another blinged-out accent to her ensemble with her gold shoes.

But it appeared to be newer shoes that the first daughter was wearing because there was still a sticker stuck underneath the bottom of the shoe.

Missing something? The gold heels paired with the outfit appeared to be bought recently as Tiffany forgot to take off one of the tags

Sister, sister: She was pictured with half-sister Ivanka Trump, 37, as they walked to Air Force One after the ceremony to head to Mar-a-Lago

Bare: Despite the cold temperatures in Washington, D.C., Tiffany chose not to cover her legs, and wore just a pink asymmetrical blazer to keep warm

Matchy matchy: The women donned similar glitzy headbands for the outing

All smiles: Both of the sisters looked in high spirits as they left to go celebrate the long holiday

Laughing: Tiffany kept her outfit around pink and gold colors when attending the event

Tiffany was pictured walking alongside her half-sister Ivanka as they made their way across Andrews Air Force Base to Air Force One. The first family will be spending their Thanksgiving long weekend at Mar-a-Lago.

Ivanka appeared to be more dressed for the cold weather in Washington, D.C. as she journeyed to Air Force One with her half sister.

Her outfit included a plaid coat over a black mock-neck pencil dress, topping off the look with a pair burgundy of knee-high leather boots.

President Donald Trump pardoned Peas the Thanksgiving turkey on Tuesday in a ceremony filled with tongue-in-cheek jokes about vote counting, recounts, subpoenas, and judicial power.

'I am pleased to announce that today's lucky bird and guest of honor is named Peas along with his alternate named Carrots,' Trump said with First Lady Melania Trump at his side.

'The winner of this vote was decided by a fair and open election conducted on the White House website. This was a fair election,' he joked. 'Unfortunately, Carrots refused to concede and demanded a recount and we are fighting with Carrots.

'We have come to a conclusion. Carrots, I'm sorry to tell you the result did not change. Too bad for Carrots.'

Outfit of the day: Ivanka was seen arriving with her husband, wearing a plaid coat and knee-high boots

Added touch: Ivanka pulled her long blonde hair back with a $ 170 Lele Sadoughi black velvet headband adorned with sparkly studs

The president also got in a few jokes about the recent midterm election, which saw Democrats win control of the House of Representatives and the state of Florida undergo a lengthy recount process.

'Even though Peas and Carrots have received a presidential pardon, I have warned them that House Democrats are likely to issue them both subpoenas,' he said.

'None the less in the spirit of Thanksgiving, I will be issuing both Peas and Carrots a presidential pardon. Unfortunately. I can't guarantee that they won't be enjoined by the ninth circuit. Always happens. They are guaranteed,' he added. 'All joking aside, this is a time for Americans to unite together.'

The birds are the first from South Dakota to be given a presidential pardon.

Peas is 30 inches tall, weighs 39 pounds, and likes to eat popcorn, according to the White House. Carrots, meanwhile, is 32 inches tall, weighs 41 pounds and prefers to snack on M&Ms.

The first lady stood by her husband's side during the pardoning, looking chic in a $9,400 Dior coat featuring a red, black, and white geometric pattern.

She paired the look from the fashion house's Pre-Fall 2018/Winter 2019 collection with sky-high Christian Louboutin boots.

All together: Ivanka attended the presentation of the National Thanksgiving Turkey with her family

Special treat: The Trump-Kushner children seemed enamored with the bird

Good spirits: Ivanka has a bright smile on her face as she played with her kids

Family gathering: The first daughter was also joined by her husband, White House senior adviser Jared Kushner

Mom on duty: The White House senior adviser was seen arriving with her children