Hoda Kotb shares adorable video of Haley Joy lighting their tree Hoda Kotb is getting ready for Christmas, and her adorable one-year-old daughter, Haley Joy, was on hand to help countdown the lighting of the family tree.

The 54-year-old Today anchor took to Instagram on Wednesday to share a heartwarming video of her partner, financier Joel Schiffman, with his arm around Haley as holds onto the lights.

'We are going to have the tree lighting of the family tree,' Hoda says in the background of the clip.

Too cute: Hoda Kotb, 54, took to Instagram on Wednesday to share a heartwarming video of her daughter, Haley Joy, counting down the lighting of their family Christmas tree

Adorable: Hoda's partner, financier Joel Schiffman, plugged in the lights, prompting Haley to look at the tree in awe

The small tree is sitting on a window ledge in Hoda and Joel's New York City apartment, and he is on his knee, ready to plug in the lights.

The excited little girl tugs on the cord, possibly in an attempt to help her dad, but he pulls her close and tells her that she can't do that.

Haley joins her mom and dad as they count down to five. The adorable tot looks amazed when the tree lights up right in front of her eyes.

'Wow! Haley what do you think?' Hoda asks her daughter, who clearly has one thing on her mind.

'Santa, Santa, Santa, Santa, Santa,' she says as she marches in place.

Excited: When asked what she thought of the tree, Haley started saying Santa's name

Precious: The little girl carefully tried to place the paper cut-out she was holding on the tree

Haley, who is turning two in February, is holding a tiger cut-out in her hand, and she sweetly tries to hang it up on the tree.

Next up: Hoda revealed earlier this week that she has written a second children's book, 'You Are My Happy'

'Santa's coming,' Hoda tells her.

When posting the clip, the Today star apologized for her enthusiastic countdown.

'The lighting of the family Christmas tree! (Sorry I am so loud with the countdown! Yikes!) she wrote.

Earlier this week, it was revealed that Hoda has written her second children's book, 'You Are My Happy.'

According to Today, the book is about a mama bear and her cub reflecting on the things that make them happy while cuddling together at bedtime.

The book was inspired by the nighttime routine she has with her own daughter.

Inspiration: Hoda's second book was inspired by her nighttime routine she has with Haley

Look of love: Hoda adopted Haley in 2017 when she was 52 years old. Haley will turn two years old this February on Valentine's Day

'You Are My Happy' is illustrated by Suzie Mason. She also did the artwork for Hoda's first book, 'I've Loved You Since Forever,' which the mom called an 'ode to Haley Joy.'

Inspired by her experience adopting Haley, the mother of one's inaugural children's book is about the love between a parent and a child.

Hoda adopted Haley in 2017 when she was 52 years old, and she opened up about their relationship on World Adoption Day last month.

'I feel like if you're meant to have a child in your life, your child is out there,' Hoda told Jenna Bush Hager on the Today show.

'They said to me at the adoption agency, "Don't worry, your child is out there waiting for you.' And I remember I would scribble in my journal, "I know you're there." I could feel her.'