What's the Status of Golnesa "GG" Gharachedaghi's Divorce from Shalom Yeroushalmi? Remember when Golnesa "GG" Gharachedaghi and her estranged husband Shalom Yeroushalmi said they were committed to trying to make their marriage work at last season's Shahs of Sunset reunion after she officially filed for divorce in May 2017? Well, they eventually decided to move forward with their divorce, Page Six reported in January.

How to Watch Catch up on Shahs of Sunset on Bravo.

Golnesa gave an update on the status of her divorce from Shalom during a recent interview with ET. “I think ideally, I have another two months, three months until the divorce is finalized,” she said. “So, that’s kind of where we are.”

The two only communicate through lawyers now, and Golnesa said that she is "100 percent" certain that she will never get back together with Shalom. “I made it very clear from the beginning, as I do every relationship, I'm not the one to fall in love,” she told ET. “I'm not the type to do these things. Don't expect me to coddle you or do these things, and he kept thinking he would change me, and he couldn't … You cannot tame the beast.”

Related





However, Golnesa said that Shalom is still close with one member of the Shahs squad — and she's not exactly happy about it, as we'll see in the upcoming season. “Mike [Shouhed] established a very, very close relationship with Shalom,” she said. “And, it didn't stop, even when he was, you know, out to do negative things to me, Mike wasn't stopping being friends with him. So, people will see a little bit of that.”

Now Golnesa said that when it comes to dating, she really just wants someone to make a baby with. “I'm looking for some very healthy sperm,” she revealed. “I mean, I'm looking for, ideally, a man who would like to be a parent and not be in a relationship with me. Because I know myself, and I can't be in a relationship with a person. So, a guy who's ready to be a dad, be involved and have that, just the way I am.”

Could new Shah Nema Vand be a candidate for Golnesa's baby daddy? We'll find out when Season 7 of Shahs of Sunset premieres Thursday, August 2 at 9/8c. But this sneak peek definitely has us wondering...