Este Haim called Cheryl Cole to apologise for her drunken antics at the Brits... it's The Dredge EVERY WEEKDAY MORNING, DailyEdge.ie rounds up the best of the day’s celebrity dirt from the top to the very bottom.

Source: Ian West

Like everyone else at last night’s Brit Awards, the Haim sisters were fairly well oiled.

Bassist Este, in particular, stole the show when she was sitting behind Liam Payne and Cheryl Cole while they were interviewed by Jack Whitehall. People on Twitter quickly began to ask “Who is that random drunk girl?”

If the video won’t play, click here.

Este shared the video to her Twitter and insisted that she was “not drunk, just living my truth”. Mariana Diamandis replied “Omg, you legend.”

This morning, HAIM were interviewed by BBC Radio 1 and they used the opportunity to publicly apologise to Cheryl Cole for Este’s behaviour and invite her to their upcoming concert.

Este began the phonecall, while her sisters tried to contain their laughter in the background:

Cheryl. Hi. This is Este Haim calling. I’m in a band called HAIM with my sisters. Wait! Before anything, congratulations on the baby. Big mazal. Um, I happened to be sitting behind you last night at the Brit Awards and had an amazing time.

However, some people on the internet are claiming that I may or may not have been, I don’t know, thumbing my nose, at the situation in front of me. That’s an Americanism.

She then wanted to clarify that she has ‘no beef’ with Cheryl or Liam, before extending an invitation to one of HAIM’s UK tour dates and telling Cheryl that she’d soon be receiving Este’s phone number via text. (BBC Radio 1)

Advertisement

Source: Ian West

Liam Gallagher attended the same Brits after-party as his 20-year-old daughter that he has never met.

Earlier this week, Liam Gallagher admitted that he ‘hasn’t got round’ to meeting his two daughters Molly and Gemma, who were both conceived during his affairs in the 1990s.

He told The Mirror “I’ve heard she’s all right, though. She’s doing all right. I never heard anything that she wanted to meet me.”

Well, they finally had the chance to hang out last night, after they ended up going to the same after party once the Brits were wrapped up. The pair of them both headed to the Warner Music and Ciroc after-party in Covent Garden. No word yet on whether they actually interacted with one another though.

In his interview with The Mirror, Liam said of his daughters “I wish them well. If they ever need anything, give us a shout.” (Metro)

Source: Doug Peters/EMPICS Entertainment

Cheryl and Liam put some of those breakup rumours to rest last night.

If you didn’t notice in that HAIM video above, Cheryl and Liam were busy telling Jack Whitehall what their safe word was. Liam also shared loads of the photos of the couple backstage hanging out and engaging in some PDAs.

While Cheryl was at a charity event in Newcastle a day before the Brit Awards, Cheryl Cole was asked if the stories about their rumoured split are bothering her.

She replied:

“No, it doesn’t bother me at all because my focus is solely on [motherhood]. I’ve waited for seven years to finally be here and none of that happens. This is the most important part for me.” (E! Online)

And the rest of the day’s dirt…

Kylie Jenner finally tweeted about her baby (Cosmopolitan)

finally tweeted about her baby (Cosmopolitan) Halsey is going to bring a 4-year-old fan on a massive shoe shopping trip (Teen Vogue)

is going to bring a 4-year-old fan on a massive shoe shopping trip (Teen Vogue) Stephanie Davis spoke out about what she has learned since she left Jeremy McConnell (Goss.ie)

spoke out about what she has learned since she left Jeremy McConnell (Goss.ie) Spencer Pratt shared the ridiculous advice he has for his infant son (Cosmopolitan)

shared the ridiculous advice he has for his infant son (Cosmopolitan) Farrah Abraham from Teen Mom is attempting to sue MTV for $5 million (E!)

DailyEdge is on Instagram!