E! Network: The Platinum Life – Meet The Fab Cast E! Network is ready to turn up your Sunday nights starting October 15, 2017 at 10 PM with its latest reality show – The Platinum Life – starring Shantel Jackson, Asiah Azante, LoLa Monroe, Nazanin Mandi, La’Myia Good, Crystal Smith, and Alycia Bellamy, who are independent women making it on their own! So, what are they famous for – do tell? Outside of being married to or dating famous musicians, these ladies are also friends who are about big business. Scroll through Instagram and you will see that Crystal Smith is an up-and-coming chef who has been featured on numerous food segments with her unique recipes, and Nazanin Mandi designs fab swimwear.

Before you write The Platinum Life off as another reality fix where water bottles are thrown over petty arguments, tune in and see why these ladies are moving to the front of the scene and your flatscreen.

Shantel Jackson

IG: MissJackson

She’s been on the blogs for years, however, Miss Jackson has weathered the storms successfully. On The Platinum Life, the actress takes control of her wheel by letting the world know that she is more than a beautiful arm-piece to a well-known Midwest rapper. In fact, Shantel shares candidly why she has earned platinum status. Catch Shantel on The Platinum Life premiering October 15, 2017, at 10 PM.

Asiah Azante

IG: asiiah

Love MadameNoire? Get more! Join the MadameNoire Newsletter Thank you for subscribing! We care about your data. See our privacy policy.

Look at this fitness beauty. Asiah Azante, mom of a little daughter, and wife to a leading inked out rapper will be cooking up the airwaves starting October 15, 2017, on E! Network. The beauty, filled with glorious ink herself breaks from behind the scenes to show viewers what that platinum life is really about.

LoLa Monroe

IG: iam_queenroe

You’ve seen her bae, diddy-bopping around with Bad Boy’s own Diddy, but did you know that rapper LoLa Monroe and her rapper boo actually have a little seed together? The African gem who is also vegan is ready to let the world know why she’s up next in the rap and fashion sphere. Stay tuned for The Platinum Life on October 15, 2017, at 10 PM. The vixen, who has been in the game for a long time is ready to let loose.

Nazanin Mandi

IG: nazaninmandi

You may know her as the beautiful and petite fiancee of a top R&B crooner, however, this stunning actress and swimsuit designer is a force to be reckoned with. Meet Nazanin Mandi. Better yet, catch her and her hustle on #ThePlatinumLife premiering on October 15, 2017, at 10 PM.

La’Myia Good

IG: lamyiagood

It runs in the blood. La’Myia Good, mom of one, and wife to a leading R&B singer is also the sister of God-fearing actress, Meagan Good. The new reality star who has been featured in a mix of movies is ready to carve out her own lane. Tune into The Platinum Life on E! Network and follow her next moves.

Crystal Smith

IG: itscrystalsmith

Recognized as a chef – a fabulous one at that – this busy mom of one is also married to a leading singer and songwriter. Can you guess? When they are not showcasing their love on the ‘Gram, this boss lady is letting the world know that she is taking no shorts when it comes to stardom. Catch Crystal Smith on The Platinum Life premiering on October 15, 2017, at 10 PM.

Alycia Bellamy

IG: alyciabella

Known for rocking out with Vanessa and Angela Simmons on MTV’s ‘Daddy’s Girls’, the fashion trendsetter – Alycia Bellamy is actually an actress and singer who was also featured in Frank Ocean’s ‘Novacane’ video. Catch her on October 15, 2017, on The Platinum Life where you will get up close and personal regarding the muse’s next moves.

Take a peek at The Platinum Life!