Grab The Tissues — This Is Where We Left Off With This Is Us 4 of 5

Jack Pearson



Fans were terrified going into This Is Us finale “Moonshadow” since viewers were convinced they were about to find out how beloved Pearson family patriarch Jack dies. That is not what happened.



Instead, we got a look at two major points in Jack’s life: the day he meet his wife Rebecca and the day he irrevocably ruined his marriage with Rebecca. In the former, fans learn Jack was a general handyman and mechanic around town who was saving his money. He eventually wins a huge poker game, but is assaulted and robbed by his competitors. Jack decides to retaliate with an elaborate scheme, where he plans to steal a bunch of money from the cash register of the shady men who attacked him. Instead, he falls for Rebecca (more on that soon).



In the latter storyline, Jack decides to go see Rebecca’s nearby performance after a teen Kate criticizes her dad for stubbornly trying to skip it. The only problem is, Jack is so irritated by his wife’s decision to go on tour for weeks on end, he gets drunk on the way to the gig and keeps drinking when he arrives. As viewers know, Jack has a history of alcoholism, which he tried to deal with when his children were much younger.



Unfortunately, a drunk Jack creates a commotion at Rebecca’s performance and is kicked out, forcing Rebecca to drive him home. When they get in the house, Rebecca demands to know what Jack loves about her in that moment, not in the past. He very sweetly tells her, “I love the mother that you are. I love that you are still the most beautiful woman in any room and that you laugh with your entire face. I love that you dance funny, and not sexy, which makes it even sexier. But, most of all, I love that you are still the same woman who, all those years ago, ran out of a blind date simply because she had to sing.”



Even with this lengthy profession of love, Jack leaves the Pearson household as penance for his terrible behavior.