Kylie Jenner and Jordyn Woods Had a Commitment Ceremony on “Life of Kylie” Finale Kylie Jenner's E! series Life of Kylie wrapped up on Sunday night (September 17), and it sure didn’t disappoint. In fact, like many popular series finales, there was a wedding. No, Kylie didn’t tie the knot with a rumored boyfriend or anything — rather, on the finale episode, she tied the knot with her BFF, model Jordyn Woods. Well, kind of.

We already knew that Kylie and Jordyn have quite the bond. "I actually feel like I'm in a full relationship with Kylie," Jordyn said in an earlier teaser for the show. "There are different types of relationships — we're definitely in one. Not necessarily sexual, but definitely emotional. It's draining sometimes."

And then things went to the next level in the season finale. While in South America, momager Kris Jenner expressed her concern that there might be some co-dependency between the two. But Kylie and Jordyn talked it out and evaluated their friendship, with the duo even revealing some news to Kris.

"You know me and Jordyn have a special connection," Kylie said. "Since you know, it's been a few years now, we thought we should just take this to the next level. We're going to do a little ceremony."

"Ceremony?" Kris inquired. Which Jordyn responded with, "It's our wedding day."

And sure enough, Kylie and Jordyn had a commitment ceremony in front of Kylie’s assistant, Victoria, Kris, as well as an alpaca or two. “Do we need to get this annulled after?” Kris asked. “There’s no prenup.” (Since it doesn't look like there was a marriage license signed or anything, we're thinking they’re in the clear. Don’t worry, Mama Kris.)

Jordyn said during the ceremony, "I vow to always be there for you, through thick and thin. In this life and after." Kylie also shared her vows, "I promise to encourage you, inspire you, love you, through all the good and bad times."

The two really have been there for each other over the years. Kylie has posted plenty of Instagrams about her love for Jordyn. Kylie and Jordyn have been there for each other during hard times, too, including the death of Jordyn's father. So while we don't know much about the legality of the ceremony, it's clear that Kylie and Jordyn are committing to be BFFs for years to come with this friendship wedding.

Check out a clip from the episode below:

Related: Kylie Jenner’s Shaman Spilled Some Serious “T” About Her Love Life