Selena Gomez apologizes on Instagram after Weeknd drama She was dealt a slap in the face when her ex The Weeknd deleted all trace of her from his Instagram account.

But Selena Gomez seemed rather defiant as she shared a series of saucy poses on her own page on Wednesday.

And the singer - who is back in the arms of pop pixie lover Justin Bieber - also used the cryptic caption of 'all apologies' on one of her shots, though it is not clear if she was merely being facetious or was expressing genuine regret.

Scroll down for video

Cryptic: Selena Gomez struck a sexy pose as she posted on Instagram for the first time since being wiped from ex The Weeknd's account on Wednesday

In one of her snaps the 25-year-old strikes a sultry pose in a car while adorned in a generously sized knitwear sweater, while in a brief video snippet she wears the same outfit, but with the letter 'x' penned over her eyes.

However the Wizards Of Waverly Place star made sure she went out on a cheerful note, sharing a snap of her wearing Minnie Mouse ears, which she joked she 'stole from my sister.'

It comes after The Weeknd deleted every single Instagram post that featured his former lover, which itself came in the wake of the couple unfollowing each other on social media - quite the statement of intent in these heady times.

The 27-year-old singer recently split from the popstrel after 10 months of dating, and decided to remove any trace of his ex-girlfriend from his page on the photo-sharing website.

X appeal: In another snap she scrawled the letter 'x' over her eyes

Skirting the issue: She also posed in an eye-catching number while wearing a denim jacket

A Minnie comeback: The Disney kid ended on a high note by sharing a snap of herself wearing mouse ears

The Canadian star previously had a number of sweet snaps of Selena on his page, including one dating back to April this year in which she is seen clutching his face and giving him a kiss on the cheek.

By contrast, Selena - who recently rekindled her romance with Justin Bieber - still has a series of pictures featuring her ex on her own Instagram page.

The most recent is one from September 5 where the Fetish hitmaker is sat at a table beside her beau.

Moving on: The Weeknd has deleted all trace of ex-girlfriend Selena Gomez on Instagram, days after they unfollowed each other

Clear-out: Snaps like this one, which the Starboy hitmaker posted in April, have been taken down

She also has one of her first red carpet appearance alongside The Weeknd at the Met Gala in May.

The Weeknd's decision to remove Selena from his Instagram account came shortly after it was reported that her family are 'still getting comfortable' with the idea of her reuniting with Justin.

Selena and the Sorry musician recently decided to give their relationship another try, having ended their five-year on/off romance in 2015.

Memories: Selena still has snaps of her former flame on Instagram including this one she posted on September 5

But while the high-profile duo seem happier than ever together, Selena's family are said to be less than thrilled with the idea.

Speaking after the Thanksgiving holiday, an insider explained: 'They both spent Thanksgiving with their families. Justin went to Canada and Selena was in Texas. They are still doing really well together, but they agreed it was best for them to be with their families for the holiday.

'Selena felt it was too soon for Justin to come to Texas with her. Her family is still getting comfortable with the idea of them back together.'

The Weeknd - real name Abel Tesfaye - appears to be moving on, and is rumored to have reunited with former flame Bella Hadid, 21, in the wake of the split.

In happier times: The 27-year-old singer recently split from Selena after 10 months of dating. They are pictured on May 1 at the Met Gala

Whispers of a reunion between the former couple were sparked after the Star Boy hitmaker was spotted sneaking out of the statuesque model's NYC apartment back on November 14.

Interestingly, the younger Hadid sister is still following the musician on both Instagram and Twitter but he's yet to follow her back.

The former couple began dating in early 2015 and were together for almost a year, up until their November 2016 break-up.

Back on? The Weeknd - real name Abel Tesfaye - appears to be moving on, and is rumored to have reunited with former flame Bella Hadid, 21, in the wake of the split (pictured in May 2016)

Following Bella's knockout runway turn during this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in Shanghai, China, the model reportedly received a 'gorgeous, huge bouquet of flowers along with a super sweet note' from The Weeknd.

Though the pair appear to be talking again, the The Hills hitmaker might be interested in playing the field.

Abel was seen getting dinner with pop star Katy Perry in West Hollywood last Tuesday.

While it was unclear if the meet up was platonic or something more, some insiders suspected the dinner was the Swish Swish singer's way of 'getting back' at Selena for the time she was caught cozying up with Perry's ex Orlando Bloom over a year ago.

Blossoming romance? Bella received a 'huge bouquet of flowers along with a super sweet note' from her former flame after Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in Shanghai, China (pictured)

'Katy has a long memory and she never forgets,' the source told The Sun

'She didn't like that everyone thought Orlando had cheated on her with Selena in Vegas that time - even though Orlando and Selena said they were just friends, it was very embarrassing for her.

'Katy is not doing anything wrong right now - Selena has moved on from [The Weeknd] with Justin [Bieber] but I think she'll love the idea that Selena will be shocked when she sees Katy and her ex out together.

'If she does get upset, it'll be payback for how Katy felt after THOSE Vegas pictures. As Taylor Swift knows, Katy doesn't forget people who've made her look bad, and she thinks revenge is a dish best served cold.'

The long game: While Bella and The Weeknd might be back on, the rapper was also seen getting dinner with Katy Perry last week (pictured on Sunday in Denver, Colorado)

Selena and Justin have been nearly inseparable as they try to pick up their relationship.

The Purpose singer 'loves how supportive Selena has been of his new healthy lifestyle,' an insider told HollywoodLife on Sunday, adding that: 'Selena brings out the best in Justin.'

Selena and the pop star, 23, began dating in 2010, and the two had an on and off relationship before ending it for good in 2014.

Since their split the pop star has turned around his wild ways, keeping sober and dedicating his free time to his faith and studying scripture with his spiritual adviser Carl Lentz.