Married at First Sight US star Jonathan is divorcing his wife Molly A Married at First Sight star whose wife verbally abused him when they were off camera has revealed that they were getting a divorce following their latest blowup.

Jonathan Francetic, 29, watched his wife Molly Duff, 25, move out of their shared apartment immediately after he showed one of the show's relationship experts a recording of her calling him 'f*****g disgusting' during an argument.

On Tuesday night's episode of the Lifetime reality series, Jonathan and Molly both told their family and friends that they were getting a divorce after less than two months together.

Scroll down for video

Not-so-shocking: Jonathan Francetic, 29, and his wife Molly Duff, 25, told their family and friends that they were getting a divorce on Tuesday night's episode of the reality show

Drama: Jonathan recounted to his friend Blake how he and Molly had moved out after he showed one of the show's relationship experts a recording of her verbally abusing him

'It feels like failure,' Jonathan told the camera before meeting his friend Blake to share the bad news.

The former financial associate, who lost his job when he agreed to appear on the reality series, recounted how he and Molly had gotten into a fight during their recent trip to Florida.

Jonathan explained that he recorded her belittling him to show the experts because she was a completely different person when the cameras weren't rolling.

'We have already determined that we were getting divorced,' he told his friend.

'I've put so much into this marriage that I'm devastated,' he admitted in his testimonial.

Dunzo: 'We have already determined that we were getting divorced,' he told his friend

Awkward: The former financial associate, who lost his job when he agreed to appear on the reality series, also had to tell the other male participants about the divorce

Harsh words: Meanwhile, Ryan Buckley (left), 29, claimed that he wouldn't be heartbroken at all if he and his wife Jaclyn Schwartzberg, 29, got a divorce

Molly, meanwhile, failed to mention the recording when she told her sister Jenny that she had moved out of their apartment.

'It's very obvious at this point that we both want a divorce,' she said. 'He's made it very clear.'

Both Jonathan and Molly were dreading their separate get-togethers with the show's other participants because they knew they would have to admit that they were getting a divorce.

'I have to tell them my marriage is just over,' Jonathan said. 'I feel like a loser.'

He was once again forced to recount how he recorded Molly berating him and showed it to Dr. Jessica Griffin, who pointed out that it was verbal and emotional abuse.

Uncomfortable: Molly also felt awkward telling Jaclyn (right) and Shawniece Jackson, 29, that she was getting a divorce

Playing innocent: Molly once again glossed over specifics when she explained why she and Jonathan were giving up on their marriage

'Molly and I have already decided that it's a no,' he said. 'We both know that we are walking into decision day saying no.'

Although Jonathan and Molly were the only couple who didn't consummate their marriage, the other guys were understandably shocked by the revelation.

Meanwhile, Molly once again glossed over specifics when she told the girls that she had moved out and was getting a divorce.

She claimed their marriage couldn't work if their physical chemistry didn't increase, noting that Jonathan was unable to be patient with her without constantly blowing up over their lack of intimacy.

Towards the end of the episode, Jonathan had to tell his mom, Cheryl, and stepfather, Richard, that he and Molly were calling it quits.

Stressed: Jonathan was understandably nervous before telling his mom, Cheryl, and stepfather, Richard, that he and Molly were getting a divorce

Family ties: However, they were nothing but supportive after he shared his news

He explained that the visit was even more awkward because his mother had expected Molly to be with him. Cheryl was invested in their marriage and had already exchanged phone numbers with Molly's mom.

However, when Jonathan told them that he was getting a divorce, they were nothing but supportive. His stepfather even told him that he admired him for taking a chance on love.

Jonathan was the only person on the show who gave up his apartment for good, and now he was trying to figure out where to live.

'I don't have a job, so I can pick any place,' he joked. '[It is the] silver lining of being homeless and unemployed.'

While Jonathan was away, Jaclyn Schwartzberg, 29, went over their apartment to help Molly pack. Molly said she had sent a long text to Jonathan in hopes that they could part amicably and leave the show in a good place, but he never responded.

Tough luck: When Jaclyn helped Molly pack her things, Molly revealed that she had sent a long text to Jonathan in hopes that they could party amicably, but he didn't respond

Blindsided: Jaclyn was shocked when Ryan told her that he hadn't decided what he was going to say on decision day

The couple's breakup was weighing on the rest of the newlyweds, who were also unsure if they were on the verge of getting a divorce.

When he had the guys over to his apartment, Jaclyn's husband Ryan Buckley, 29, confessed that he was having trouble talking to his wife, explaining that she shuts down whenever he shares his concerns that their constant fighting was unhealthy.

Not only did he admit that he didn't feel close to her anymore, he claimed he didn't even care about her.

'If I were to cut ties, I honestly wouldn't be heartbroken at all,' he said, pointing out that it was a warning sign that he didn't feel anything when he thought about divorcing his wife.

Both Jonathan and Jephte Pierre, 26, thought Ryan was all over the place with his feelings and was likely acting out of fear.

Stunned: 'I thought we both knew that we wanted to see this past decision day, at least because we had so much going for us,' she said

Back on? Just when Jaclyn though their marriage was doomed, he surprised her with a necklace made out of flowers from their wedding day

Giving it another go: Ryan and Jaclyn shared a kiss after making up yet again

When Jaclyn returned home from her girls' night, he made it clear that he was on the fence about their marriage, which left her feeling blindsided.

'I am completely caught off guard,' she said in her testimonial. 'I thought we both knew that we wanted to see this past decision day, at least because we had so much going for us.

'I know we've had our battles and our wounds, but I thought we were on the same page, so I am feeling very blindsided.'

Ironically, just when Jaclyn though their marriage was doomed, he surprised her with a necklace made out of flowers from their wedding day as an apology for how he had been treating her.

And Ryan wasn't the only one going to extremes. Jephte also ended up picking a silly fight with his wife Shawniece Jackson, 29, after they had a disagreement over who would drive that day.

Trouble in paradise: Shawniece and Jephte go into a fight about who was going to drive

Confused: 'My husband is mad because I didn't end up driving, and like why does that matter?' she said in her testimonial

'My husband is mad because I didn't end up driving, and like why does that matter?' she asked, while her husband confessed to the cameras that her behavior had left him questioning whether or not she was the person he really wanted to be with forever.

Although Shawniece didn't believe it was a big deal that she decided she didn't want to take her car that day, Jephte thought it was a warning sign that she wasn't a woman of her word.

'I am still figuring out who she is, and I don't like when you say something and then do something different,' he admitted in his testimonial.

'I'm not sure if that's the person I want to be spending the rest of my life with,' he added.

Shawniece, on the other hand, seemed more confident in her own decision, but noted that the stress of the show's finale may have had a negative impact on her husband as he attempted to figure out his future.

Tense: Jephte admitted that he was not sure Shawniece was the type of person he wanted to spend the rest of his life with, while she was nervous that he was going to ask for a divorce

Bouncing back: Although Jephte seemed genuinely upset at first, he ended up diffusing the situation by joking around and laughing with her

'Maybe he is just stressed out — I guess about final decision — so who knows?' she said of his behavior.

With decision day right around the corner, Shawniece was worried that their latest squabble could be a sign that they are headed for divorce.

'When he gets super annoyed with me, it just makes me really nervous and really scared for the future 'cause we only have a few days before final decision,' she says in her testimonial.

Although Jephte seemed genuinely upset at first, he ended up diffusing the situation by joking around and laughing with her.

'I am just proud that we are able to come back from the situation and be at the place where I know we can be,' Shawniece told the camera.