Selena Gomez finally confirms reunion with Justin Bieber Selena Gomez has finally confirmed her reunion with her first love, Justin Bieber.

The actress, 25, opened up about the men in her life in an in-depth interview with Billboard, telling the magazine that she and her ex The Weeknd ended their 10 month relationship as 'best friends.'

But Selena was vague as she addressed her relationship with Justin, insisting she will always have a soft spot for someone who has played a significant role in her life.

'I cherish people who have really impacted my life': Selena Gomez has finally confirmed her reunion with her first love, Justin Bieber

'I'm 25. I'm not 18, or 19, or 20,' she told the magazine of reconnecting with Justin. 'I cherish people who have really impacted my life.

'So maybe before, it could have been forcing something that wasn't right. But that doesn't mean caring for someone ever goes away.'

Selena and Justin have decided to give their relationship another go following an on-off romance that started in 2010.

Their renewed relationship followed her recent split from The Weeknd, who she dated for nearly a year.

Back together: Selena and Justin have decided to give their relationship another shot following an on-off romance that started in 2010

Amicable? Though the pair have recently started unfollowing each other on social media - and The Weeknd even deleted every post he had that featured Selena off his Instagram account - Selena says they ended their relationship as 'best friends'

Though the pair have recently started unfollowing each other on social media - and The Weeknd even deleted every post he had that featured Selena off his Instagram account - Selena says they ended their relationship as 'best friends.'

'Something that I'm really proud of is that there's such a true friendship [between me and The Weeknd].

'I truly have never experienced anything like that in my life. We ended it as best friends, and it was genuinely about encouraging and caring [for each other], and that was pretty remarkable for me.'

Life-changing: Selena received a kidney transplant earlier this year from her friend, Francia Raisa

Selena also received a kidney transplant earlier this year from her friend, Francia Raisa.

Though she was initially uncomfortable with the scar the surgery left, that is no longer the case and Selena says her body image has even improved.

'It was really hard in the beginning. I remember looking at myself in the mirror completely naked and thinking about all the things that I used to b*tch about and just asking, "Why?" I had someone in my life for a very long time who pointed out all the things that I didn't feel great about with myself. When I look at my body now, I just see life.'

'When I look at my body now, I just see life': Though she was initially uncomfortable with the scar the surgery left, that is no longer the case and Selena says her body image has even improved

Selena also addressed the number of women coming forward with sexual harassment allegations leveled at powerful men.

She said she hoped to be a safe haven for people looking to open up to someone.

'I've cried. But I definitely feel hopeful. As people speak out, I hope that feels powerful to them, because they deserve to feel that.

'I'm fortunate enough not to have experienced some of the traumatic things that other women have had to go through. I've known people in my family who’ve gone through those things. I try to let people come to me and open up, to make a safe environment for them to do so. '

Heart to heart: The actress, 25, opened up about the men in her life in an in-depth interview

The actress also revealed she auditioned five times for her role in the upcoming Woody Allen film: 'I do feel like I earned it.'

Selena revealed she also contended with her director's past as she started working on the movie.

Woody has been accused of sexual assault by his adopted daughter Dylan, now age 32.

The allegations first came to light in 1993.

Speaking up: Selena also addressed the number of women coming forward with sexual harassment allegations leveled at powerful men

The director has denied the alleged assault and has not been prosecuted for it.

Asked if she considered Woody's past before doing the film, she replied: '[The Harvey Weinstein allegations] actually happened right after I had started [on the movie]. They popped up in the midst of it. And that’s something, yes, I had to face and discuss. I stepped back and thought, "Wow, the universe works in interesting ways."'

Selena has been named Billboard's Woman Of The Year.

The singer joins the ranks of Madonna, Lady Gaga, Taylor Swift, and Beyonce, who all once were honored with the title.

John Amato, president of The Hollywood Reporter-Billboard Media Group, said: 'Not only is Selena soaring on the charts, but she continuously inspires young women everywhere to be authentic, give back and to not be afraid to use their voice.

'She is never afraid to speak her mind and has used her platform to advocate for the needs of others. We are thrilled to be able to honour her as our Woman of the Year.'

'I try to let people come to me and open up': She said she hoped to be a safe haven for people looking to open up to someone