WAGS’ Barbie Blank Breaks Silence on Sheldon Souray Split It’s over. Barbie Blank has confirmed her split from husband Sheldon Souray in an exclusive statement to Us Weekly.

Related: Celebrity Splits of 2017 From Kylie Jenner and Tyga to Janet Jackson and Wissam Al Mana, take a look back at the biggest and most shocking celebrity splits of 2017 — see the photos

“Sheldon and I have decided that it’s best we take some time apart to work on ourselves at this time,” the reality star said. “We have the deepest love and respect for one another and would really appreciate everyone respecting our privacy during this difficult time. Thank you!”

As previously reported, Us Weekly exclusively revealed on Monday, October 9, that the couple had decided to part ways. “They separated a couple months ago,” one insider

told Us, noting that the pair also deleted many of their photos

together from their Instagram accounts. “Barbie is already going on

dates with other guys.”

Related: Celebs Dating Athletes They sure like their players! Stars like Victoria Beckham, Olivia Munn, and Kaley Cuoco prefer their men athletic. Check out which big-name stars are linked to hunky athletes here!

Blank, 30, and Souray, 41, got engaged in August 2014 and tied the knot in Mexico in February 2016. Their wedding day was documented on the E! reality series that August.

“I just love being able to call him my husband,” the former WWE star, who used the ring name Kelly Kelly, gushed to The Knot at the time. “I think it’s the coolest thing. I’m just like, [singing] ‘This is my husband!’ I just love it! … I mean, nothing’s really changed. I think it’s just exciting that we’re husband and wife. It’s like him and me now. It’s so special — that feeling.”

Related: Celebrities Who Wed in 2016 Here come the (celeb) brides! See the wedding photos of stars who got hitched in 2016, including Ciara, Eva Longoria and Dianna Agron

The reality star previously dated fellow wrestler Andrew “Test” Martin for two and a half years until he died of an accidental overdose in March 2009.

WAGS LA season 3 returns on E! Wednesday, November 1, at 10 p.m. ET.