Oscars 2018: Taraji P. Henson shows off her incredible physique She was a Best Supporting Actress nominee back in 2010.

And Taraji P. Henson was back for the 90th Academy Awards on Sunday night, as the Empire star posed on the red carpet outside the Dolby Theater in Hollywood.

The 47-year-old actress wound back the clock, looking effortlessly youthful in a sheer black gown.

Scroll down for video

Legs 11! Taraji P. Henson was back for the 90th Academy Awards on Sunday night, as the Empire star posed on the red carpet outside the Dolby Theater in Holywood

The actress, who was once nominated for her role in The Curious Case Of Benjamin Button, showed plenty of her gorgeous gams in the elegant dress.

Indeed, Taraji went to great lengths to ensure that her limbs looked in tip top shape on the red carpet, with celebrity makeup artist Ashunta Sheriff revealing that she applied Vaseline Intensive Care Cocoa Radiant Lotion to her skin before she headed out to the event in order to ensure a healthy glow.

'Because Taraji's dress was Grecian and flowy, and showed lots of skin, I wanted to make sure she was glowing and moisturized from head to toe! I used Vaseline Intensive Care Cocoa Radiant Lotion – made with deep healing moisturizers and Vaseline jelly, it was the perfect choice to show off her healthy, luminous skin.'

Taraji certainly took every available opportunity to show off her glowing limbs; her garment featured a high split, which the Empire starlet used to full effect, poking out one of her toned pins as she posed on the carpet.

The sheer material on the dress' upper half gave an unfettered view of Taraji's brassiere underneath, as well as showcasing her cleavage.

Turning back the clock: The 47-year-old actress wound back the clock, looking effortlessly youthful in a sheer black gown

Legs for days: The actress, who was once nominated for her role in The Curious Case Of Benjamin Button, showed plenty of her gorgeous gams in the elegant dress

Accessorize this: Henson kept her accessories to a minimum for the evening, wearing only her rings and a simple pair of gold, geometric dangle earrings

Henson kept her accessories to a minimum for the evening, wearing only her rings and a simple pair of gold, geometric dangle earrings.

While on the carpet Taraji appeared to throw shade at Ryan Seacrest during their interview on Sunday.

'The universe has a way of taking care of taking care of good people,' said the unsmiling actress, touching his chin. 'You know what I mean?'

While it could be argued that she was offering her support - he replied earnestly 'I agree' - Twitter blew up, with fans claiming she had 'thrown shade' at Seacrest, who has denied sexual harassment allegations from his ex-stylist, Suzie Hardy.

E! backed their star presenter, saying an investigation had found no evidence of wrong-doing by the 43-year-old, but many stars still shunned Seacrest during the red carpet interviews.

Leggy beauty: The garment featured a high split, which the Empire starlet used to full effect, poking out one of her toned pins as she posed on the carpet

Sheer madness: The sheer material on the dress' upper half gave an unfettered view of Taraji's brassiere underneath, as well as showcasing her cleavage

Good hair: The Boston Legal actress wore her straight raven locks in an elegant bob and with an off-center part

Dame Helen Mirren, Emily Blunt, Sandra Bullock and Nicole Kidman will be among the presenters at the Oscars.

Others stars due to take to the stage to present include Dave Chappelle, Eugenio Derbez, Ansel Elgort, Jane Fonda, Jodie Foster, Eiza Gonzalez, Ashley Judd, Matthew McConaughey, Rita Moreno, Lupita Nyong’o and Christopher Walken.

Judd and Nyong’o are among the high-profile actresses who have accused disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein of sexual harassment.

However host Jimmy Kimmel has said he will not focus on the scandal when he opens the ceremony at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles.

Giving them lip: The mother-of-one's lips were highlighted with a slash of deep purple lip liner

Lauded: She was a Best Supporting Actress nominee back in 2010

Other presenters already announced for the ceremony include Wonder Woman star Gal Gadot and Mark Hamill, as well as last year’s winners Mahershala Ali, Emma Stone and Viola Davis.

It is customary for the previous winners to present to the new winner at the subsequent ceremony.

However, the last winner of the best actor award, Casey Affleck, will not be attending the ceremony this year.

The Manchester By The Sea star would have been expected to present the best actress award, according to the show’s tradition, but in January he withdrew from the hosting role.

In 2010 Affleck was sued by two women for alleged sexual harassment before the lawsuits were settled out of court.

He has vehemently denied the sexual harassment claims which were alleged to have happened during the making of the film I’m Still Here.

The nominations for the Oscars are led by Guillermo Del Toro’s The Shape Of Water, which has 13 nods, while Dunkirk, directed by Christopher Nolan, has eight.

Girl power: Dame Helen Mirren, Emily Blunt, Sandra Bullock and Nicole Kidman will be among the presenters at the Oscars

Her moment: Taraji was on hand to introduce Best Song and Best Supporting Actress nominee Mary J. Blige

All star cast: Others stars due to take to the stage to present include Dave Chappelle, Eugenio Derbez, Ansel Elgort, Jane Fonda, Jodie Foster, Eiza Gonzalez and Ashley Judd

Leader of the pack: The nominations for the Oscars are led by Guillermo Del Toro’s The Shape Of Water, which has 13 nods, while Dunkirk, directed by Christopher Nolan, has eight