These 5 Bachelor Beauty Secrets From Former Contestants Will Kinda Blow Your Mind I think I screwed up. Of course the first day, you're thinking, "Oh my god. This is so exciting. I'm going to wake up and put makeup on." Then, as the time goes on, I just kind of got lazier and lazier. Now, people recognize me more in public when I'm not wearing makeup than when I am. That's probably a sign that I should have tried a little bit harder the whole time when it came to doing my makeup every morning. But you get comfortable. The cameras are just there all the time, so you don't even think about looking pretty.

How long did people take in the morning to do their makeup?

It wasn't a set amount of time. I just slapped on mascara and foundation and called it a day. But there were a lot of people who would take 30 minutes to and hour to do their hair and their makeup.

What beauty moments do we not see on TV?

We were so bored all day. There was so much downtime. We were always doing beauty routines because that was literally all we had time to do. There were so many days where we did a lot of mud masks and self-tanning sessions. We were painting our nails all the time because we were constantly changing outfits, and we wanted match the nails to the outfit. There was a lot of beauty and pampering for each other that never really gets aired.

Ashley Iaconetti

Instagram content

The Bachelor Season 19 (Chris Soules) and Bachelor in Paradise Seasons 2 and 3

How did you keep your makeup looking fresh, even in Paradise weather?

I hope that I kept it together [laughs]. In Paradise, we were basically camping for three weeks. It was 90-degree weather, and there was no escape. Everything was melting off, so the first week, when it was in the hundreds, I was such a slacker. But by week two, during the day I would do foundation and a little mascara, highlighter, and obviously lips. At night, I'd do eye makeup with contour.

How about hair?

I didn't touch my hair with an iron at all. Because of the humidity, the most I ever did was use texture spray. I went for the beachy look. I'm more of a makeup girl.