RHOC: Kelly Dodd cries after feeling betrayed by pal Vicki Gunvalson Kelly Dodd had a screaming row with close friend Vicki Gunvalson after accusing her of 'hooking up' her estranged husband with one of her friends.

Vicki, 56, clashed with Kelly on Monday's episode of The Real Housewives of Orange County after ironically going out of her way to patch up her broken friendships with other housewives.

She finally apologized to Tamra Judge, 50, and her husband Eddie for spreading rumors he was secretly gay.

Crying time: Kelly Dodd wiped away tears on Monday's episode of The Real Housewives Of Orange County after accusing friend Vicki Gunvalson of 'hooking up' her estranged husband

Vicki was shaking after Eddie accepted her apology, and rushed over to see Kelly, 42, who had proved her closest friend after her falling out with Tamra.

But once there, Kelly asked: 'I'm getting all these text messages and everything that you hooked up Michael and you didn't tell me?'

'I didn't hook up Michael,' Vicki insisted.

'I had a BBQ four months ago. My friend was there and he was there. And I didn't hook up anybody,' she explained. 'They communicated afterwards and I was out. I didn't know where it was going and it was none of my business.'

Feelings hurt: Newly single Kelly was outraged at Vicki for not telling her about hooking up Michael

Getting heated: Vicki insisted that she did nothing wrong as Kelly grew increasingly upset

Her inquiry soon escalated, however, when Vicki quickly got on the defensive — and started angrily attacking Kelly for suggesting she had done anything wrong.

Vicki screamed at her: 'I thought he would tell you. It's his responsibility to tell you. Don't blame me. You take that up with Michael.'

It only got worse when Vicki let slip that she and boyfriend Steve had 'gone out with them a couple of times,' with a clearly stunned and upset Kelly asking: 'You've gone out with them a couple of times and not told me? Why would you not tell me?'

Couple times: Kelly exploded after Vicki admitted that she and her boyfriend Steve have gone out a couple of times with Michael and his new gal

Vicki again went into attack mode, shouting back at Kelly: 'Youre gonna twist this and make this my fault for not telling you? It is not my fault that your husband is dating somebody. I care so much about you that I didn't tell you.'

'Are you kidding me?' Kelly replied in tears. 'Anybody would say that's f***ed up. Anybody would say.

'That breaks my heart. That actually breaks my heart. You tell me that you're friends with them? You've gone on double dates? That's wrong.'

No problem: Vicki insisted that Kelly was causing problems by making it an issue

'Oh, Kelly, don't make this drama about you,' Vicki complained. 'You don't love your husband. He's dating somebody else. So what?'

'That's not drama Vicki — that is wrong! That is wrong!' Kelly sobbed.

After Vicki screamed 'who cares who he goes out with?' Kelly wiped away tears as she said: 'Obviously you're not my friend. You know what, I don't roll with girls like that.

Not friends: Kelly told Vicki that it was obvious they were not friends

'You know what Vicki, why don't you just leave. You know, you're just not my friend. That's it. You're not my friend. … I'm just, I'm done with you.'

As she left, Vicki shouted out: 'I don't get talked to like that. F*** her.'

Vicki later said to camera: 'I think Kelly's still in love with Michael, and he's moving on.

Moving on: Vicki later told the cameras that she believed Kelly was still in love with Michael

'If I've got some single girlfriends that want to meet her ex-husband, it has nothing to do with Kelly. She's the one that dumped him.'

Earlier, it seemed Vicki's attempts to make amends with Eddie would prove fruitless, with him quipping after she sent food to their house as a peace offering: 'I'd rather eat dog s*** than eat that.'

He seemed equally non-receptive when she made plans to crash his lunch with Tamra, telling his wife of Vicki: 'I have no intention of being friends with her.'

Not happy: Kelly kicked Vicki out of her house

No way: Eddie refused to eat food that Vicki sent over to him and Tamra Judge after she spread rumors that he was gay

But they were both stunned by just how apologetic she was for spreading the gay rumors.

'I love your wife and therefore I love you because you're a recipient of that love,' she told Eddie.

'I messed up. As God as my witness. Never meant to hurt you. There is no excuse for it…. I was wrong, 100 percent.

Sincere apology: Vicki apologized to Eddie for spreading the gay rumors

There was initially some tension, especially when Tamra stressed: 'It was a nice day when my son came home and said his friend had said, ''I didn't know your stepdad was gay!'''

But Vicki again shocked them by pulling out Bible passages that she said she was using as lessons to prove just how wrong she had been.

'I wanna go back — I'm sorry. Eddie, I'm sorry,' she told him.

Tense time: Tamra told Vicki about the time her son came home and said his friend told him that his stepfather Eddie was gay

'Apology accepted,' Eddie finally told her, adding: 'I do forgive you, but there's going to be a slow process for me to trust you again.'

'Of course,' Vicki said, asking the personal trainer with a smile: 'Will you make my butt look like Tamra's?'

Shannon Beador was also keen to continue her healing process with Vicki, telling Tamra she wanted to invite them both to join her on vacation in Mexico.

Apology accepted: Eddie accepted Vicki's apology and they hugged it out

Good mood: Vicki was stoked after Eddie accepted her apology and called Kelly before visiting her

'I want to move forward if I can. Let's have some cocktail and let's go crazy,' Shannon said of Vicki.

Shannon's ex David had paid for her to go to Mexico, and she admitted having a hard time.

'This is the first time I'm taking my girls away as a single parent so I'm finding myself struggling a little bit.,' she said.

Single mom: Shannon Beador prepared to take her three daughters to Mexico on vacation

'This is the first time I've been to Mexico without David. It's hurtful, it's painful — the breaking up of something you thought was going to be in your life forever.'

New castmember Emily Simpson also shocked some of the women with her background — revealing that her husband Shane had been her boss and had proposed to her on Google chat before they were intimate because he is Mormon.

'Mormon men make excellent husbands,' she said. 'They make family first, you don't have to worry about gambling or drinking, and they're good in the sack because they can't watch porn.'

New addition: Emily Simpson talked about her husband Shane and their unique marriage

She had also joked of marriage: 'I'm an attorney so if it doesn't work out I can just do my own divorce.'

However, they were shown on their ninth wedding anniversary with clear strain as Emily wanted another daughter to join the three they had together — along with two children he has from a previous marriage — but with him putting his foot down.

'You'd have to find that person who wants to have one more child with you,' Shane told her. 'You have to leave me and pursue him.'

Ninth anniversary: The couple had a strained ninth anniversary dinner together

But Emily — whose sister Sara was a surrogate for all three of their children after Emily suffered six miscarriages — got emotional thinking about the nine embryos they had produced, saying: 'I went through a lot of hell to get those embryos. A lot of tears and emotion went into those embryos that are mine.'

'Think about the three you have. It's a lot — a good a lot,' her husband told her of their children — then pulling back from kissing her, supposedly to save her lipstick.

The other new castmember, Tamra's friend Gina Kirschenheiter, also opened up about her own unusual family life — living effectively as a single mom to her three kids while husband Matt works in Los Angeles, living in a separate apartment during the week.

Cast addition: Gina Kirschenheiter also opened up about her family life

'I am a survivalist parent — I am trying to survive every day,' she said, also admitting she 'feels like a little of an outsider in the O.C.' and 'a unicorn' because of her heavy New York accent from growing up in Long Island.

As for their living arrangements, she said: 'It is what it is. People can say whatever they want, but… we're doing it.

'It's really hard, but it works for us. We do a lot of play dates… and I drink a lot of wine,' she said.

RHOC returns next week on Bravo.