Kim Kardashian posts sweet picture of husband Kanye West planting a kiss on daughter Chicago's head Despite their lives being turned upside down from the wildfires raging through Southern California, it seems Kim and Kanye are focused on what matters.

The mother-of-three took to Instagram to share a sweet moment between her husband and their youngest child, nine-month-old Chicago.

In the image, the chubby cheeked baby looked off into the distance as her 41-year-old-father planted a smooch on her head.

Daddy daughter time: Kim Kardashian shared a sweet moment with husband Kanye West planting a kiss on their nine-month-old daughters head in an Instagram post on Tuesday

The 38-year-old reality star captioned the image with no words and just a simple happy emoji.

The last few days have been a trying time for the Kardashian-West family.

Kanye took to Twitter on Monday night to announce that he is delaying the release of his forthcoming ninth studio album, Yandhi.

The album was originally slated for release on at the end of September but was delayed following the rapper's controversial appearance on Saturday Night Live.

Wait and see: Kanye announced on Monday that he would be delaying his Yandhi album a second time

Then, Kim took to Twitter to tell fans they could expect Yandhi on November 23 but now it looks like the album will be in limbo for the time being.

'It felt so good being on the stage last night with my brother Cudi,' Yeezy wrote on social media Monday.

'After performing again, I realize the new album I’ve been working on isn’t ready yet. I’ll announce the release date once it’s done.'

He added: 'Thank you for understanding.'

Hard at work: Despite having to evacuate from their homes, the Kardashian's didn't seem to miss a day of work

On top of Ye's professional woes, the family has been dealing with a deadly wildfire that has been blazing through the reality star's hometown which forced them to evacuate last week.

Her sister, 34-year-old Khloe Kardashian, actually donned a protective face mask following the evacuation to head out and deliver supplies to local fire fighters.

Despite the upheaval, the family hasn't seemed to miss a beat when it comes to their workload.

The stunning sisters got glam on Sunday for the People's Choice Awards to accept the trophy for Reality Show of 2018.

New look: Kim's been busy promoting her new KKW Beauty collection on social media

'Our hearts are broken from the horrific shootings and those who lost their lives and homes' from 'the devastating fires that are currently burning,' Kim said from the stage.

The mogul has also been hard at work promoting the upcoming holiday collection of her KKW Beauty line.

Kim's latest collection drops on November 23 and she's been flooding her social media accounts with glamorous images of the new smokey hues.

Fans can pick up the Glam Bible Smokey Volume I collection for $150 as the E! revealed in the caption of a snap of the set