Ashley Graham Reveals the Moment That Made Her Think: "My Career Is Over" Every week, Oprah is setting an intention exclusively for Oprah Daily Insiders, with reflections on topics like letting go, forgiveness, coming into your own, and more.

Oprah: Guess where we are...

Gayle: On the road in Venice!

Oprah: Venice!

Gayle: Oprah’s first time. I’ve been here a couple times and it never gets old.

Oprah: It’s my first time here. And we came here to celebrate with Diane von Furstenberg—for the Diane von Furstenberg Leadership Awards, where Diane had gathered women from all around the world who were doing extraordinary things in their lives.

Gayle: Prime ministers.

Oprah: Prime ministers.

Gayle: Former First Ladies.

Oprah: Yes, former First Ladies.

Gayle: Climate activists. It’s the 15th anniversary, so it’s a big deal for her.

Oprah: Women making changes against domestic violence, reproductive rights, all the things that matter in the world, and just sitting at the table, being around all those women is so inspiring, you leave feeling like, I need to do better in my own life.

Gayle: And also, you leave in awe of women, too—what women can do, who we are, how we move in the world, and the changes we make...in most cases for the better.

Oprah: Most cases for the better. Yes. And one of the lines I loved about women is they’re looking for change, not just power, but looking for, also, change, and so…so inspired this week by being in the presence of people doing wonderful things, and I was just thinking about all of you being so supportive of us on O Daily. I want to know, what inspires you? And what changes do you want to make as we come to the end of the summer? This is it.

Gayle: I know.

Oprah: This is it!

Gayle: But it’s been a good summer. Another line I liked from the lunch, somebody said, “It’s not about passing the torch; it’s about passing the truth.”

Oprah: Yes.

Gayle: And that’s what women do.

Oprah: That’s what women do! Let us know what you think.

Gayle: Bye from Venice!





