Chrissy Teigen and John Legend Reveal Baby Boy’s Name and First Photo John, Chrissy, Luna and … Miles! John Legend and Chrissy Teigen announced on Sunday, May 20, that they named their baby boy Miles Theodore Stephens.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2018 A new bundle of joy! Scroll through to see all the cute babies who were born to famous parents in 2018, so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive […]

“Hello, world! This is Miles Theodore Stephens – We are drowning in his little peeps and nuzzles,” the model captioned a pic of the newborn sleeping on her. “Our household feels overwhelmed with love. Thank you for all your well wishes!”

Teigen, 32, gave birth to her second child with Legend, 39, on May 16, just six days after she tweeted that she was “over” her pregnancy and “five days over due.”

The Lip Sync Battle host also announced her bundle of joy’s arrival on the social media platform. “Somebody’s herrrrrrre!” she tweeted at the time with baby bottle emojis.

Related: Chrissy Teigen’s Pregnancy Cravings: A Roundup of the Food She’s Been Snacking On Food baby! Chrissy Teigen has been sharing updates about her second pregnancy with fans, including all the delicious food she’s been enjoying as she prepares to welcome her baby boy with husband John Legend. The Cravings cookbook author usually shares pics of her meals with fans on social media, but she has also kept her […]

The couple, who tied the knot in September 2013, are also parents of 2-year-old Luna. Their daughter helped them announced they were expecting baby No. 2 back in November 2017.

“Luna, what’s in here?” Teigen asked her toddler as she pointed to her then-pregnant belly. In response, Luna squealed,“BB!”

The Cravings author opened up to Us Weekly in March about the possibilities of having a third child.

“I think I do want to have another baby after this and then get hot,” she told Us at the time. “I have a husband who truly loves the whole experience.”

Related: Chrissy Teigen’s Most Entertaining Twitter Feuds Click through to relive Chrissy Teigen's most entertaining Twitter feuds

“He holds my belly at night, sings to it, wants to be there for me,” Teigen continued. “I’m really lucky because some men start to look at you like a tool, I’ve heard, so I’ve been scared and don’t let that happen to me! But it hasn’t and it’s really good.”