Is Katy Perry morphing into Miley Cyrus? Proof that popstar is taking style inspiration from her BFF Is Katy Perry morphing into Miley Cyrus? Proof that popstar is taking style inspiration from her BFF

And even her pal is getting in on the act - by trading in her bleached blonde tresses for dark mane just like Katy's

Katy Perry has unveiled her new look, which is strikingly similar to best pal Miley Cyrus' bleached blonde do (Image: Getty)

From Bowie to Madonna pop stars have endlessly reinvented themselves.

‌



But two of the world’s biggest divas seem to be morphing into one another.

‌



Best friends Katy Perry and Miley Cyrus have shared an on-stage kiss, gushed about each other in interviews - and now it seems they want to BE each other.

‌



Katy’s long, dark mane has been replaced by a stark blonde crop like Miley sported.

Diplo responds to former flame Katy Perry after she ranks him the worst in bed READ MORE :

Katy Perry used to have long dark hair before having a style overhaul in the wake of her split from Orlando Bloom (Image: Getty)

Katy has swapped her dark mane for a bleached pixie crop instead (Image: Getty)

‌



And it's not that dissimilar to Miley Cyrus's short do (Image: Getty)

In turn, Wrecking Ball singer Miley has let her locks hang loose like her pal used to, The Sunday People can reveal.

Katy, 32, now bears such a striking resemblance to the former Hannah Montana star, 24, that she was able to trick fans into thinking she was Miley during a promo for her single Bon Appetit.

‌



Both chopped off their locks and went out partying amid break-ups, Miley from Liam Hemsworth and Katy from Orlando Bloom .

Here's what Katy Perry said about Taylor Swift releasing music to streaming services on the same day as her album READ MORE :

Miley Cyrus first sported the shorter hair following her split from Chris Hemsworth in 2013 (Image: Getty)

And it seems Katy's recent break-up inspired her to do the same

‌



Miley’s fans blamed the 2013 haircut on her split with Liam, saying it marked the beginning of the end for the couple as she shed her good-girl image.

The couple are now back together and - surprise surprise – her long hair is back.

Meanwhile, Katy – real name Katheryn Hudson - says her new look is a bid to connect with her real self to beat mental problems following her split from Orlando. She said: “I so badly want to be Katheryn Hudson that I don’t even want to look like Katy Perry sometimes.”

‌



KATY PERRY BREAKS DOWN DURING EMOTIONAL THERAPY SESSION

Katy and Miley have even shown their solidarity by wearing matching outfits on and off stage. Both have adopted the luxe look - making feathers and fur part of their look.

Celebrity psychologist Honey Lancaster-James said: “It’s common for friends to begin to look like one another as they are influenced by other’s style and mannerisms.”

‌



Yet while Katy apes Miley, it seems her pal is doing the same (Image: Getty)

In May, Miley let her natural hair colour shine through, as well as adding some curls like Katy (Image: Getty)

Fans say she has kept her hair long now that she is back with old flame Liam (Image: Getty)

Article continues below

Miley recently claimed that Katy’s song I Kissed A Girl was about her.

To make things even more baffling, Miley is now allowing her natural dark tresses to show through...perhaps she’s morphing into the old Katy?

Let’s hope this isn’t one friendship that blows too Hot n Cold.