Camila Mendes Wears This $9 Nail Polish in Every Episode of 'Riverdale' One of the best things about Riverdale is each character's signature style. No matter the episode or who's been murdered, framed, etc., every character's clearly defined aesthetic is one thing that you can depend on. Betty has her bouncy pony, Cheryl her red lips, and Veronica? It's subtle, but she's never seen without her immaculately glossy, wine red nail polish. And as of today we know exactly what shade actress Camila Mendes is wearing in every episode.

While her nail color can read red or purple depending on the ambience (flickering neon lights will do that), according to Mendes, Veronica takes her signature color seriously—which means she'll be wearing only one color throughout the show's run, Mendes told E! News. Veronica's look stays within the realm of purple, navy, black, and jewel tones, she says, and there's more to that choice than meets the eye.

Like the secret meaning behind Betty's pony, Mendes says that the colors are a reflection of Veronica's inner workings. "The dark colors, for me, speak to Veronica's mysterious darkness, and her being from a dark family that's full of secrets," Mendes says. "She's always been a bolder character with the full brow and the dark lips and the perfect, polished hair. She's very sleek."

Because that's not changing anytime soon (try as Veronica might), that means her nails have to stay equally consistent. "Her nails throughout the season are always Malaga Wine from OPI," Mendes says, "And that's the nail color I'll always have for as long as we're shooting Riverdale." Thanks to its versatility, the $9 shade is one of OPI's best-selling classics. One coat leaves you with a muted raspberry shade, while two coats turns it into a dark wine color.

Instagram content

If you've never tried the color yourself, here's another ringing endorsement: Selena Gomez wore the color the day she revealed her platinum hair. High praise from women who know drama, onscreen and off.

Instagram content

Related Stories:

-'Riverdale' Is Making Cheryl the Star of a Musical Episode, So Get Her Tony Ready

-The One Nail Look You Need to Master This Winter

-Betty's Ponytail on 'Riverdale' Has a Secret Meaning Behind It