4 Times Prince Harry Made Us Swoon at the (Well, His) Royal Wedding Admitting he could use a drink:

WINDSOR, ENGLAND - MAY 19: (L-R) Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex leave Windsor Castle in the Ascot Landau carriage during a procession after getting married at St Georges Chapel on May 19, 2018 in Windsor, England. Prince Henry Charles Albert David of Wales marries Ms. Meghan Markle in a service at St George's Chapel inside the grounds of Windsor Castle. Among the guests were 2200 members of the public, the royal family and Ms. Markle's Mother Doria Ragland. (Photo by Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images) Jeff J Mitchell

Following the ceremony, the couple pulled away from the church in a gorgeous horse-drawn carriage. Meghan let out a simple "Wow" at her first site of the crowds. Harry, however, was little bit more cheeky: According to the Telegraph, who consulted with lip reader Tina Lannin, he said to his bride: "I'm ready for a drink now." That seems more than reasonable.

His reception toast:

WINDSOR, UNITED KINGDOM - MAY 19: Duchess of Sussex and Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex wave as they leave Windsor Castle after their wedding to attend an evening reception at Frogmore House, hosted by the Prince of Wales on May 19, 2018 in Windsor, England. (Photo by Steve Parsons - WPA Pool/Getty Images) WPA Pool

During the couple's first reception, a luncheon event hosted by the Queen, Harry reportedly grabbed the mic for an impromptu toast. According to a guest who attended the event and spoke to People, Harry delighted guests by calling Meghan "my wife" for the very first time.

“It was very off-the-cuff, which was lovely,” the guest revealed. “He promised that all the Americans wouldn’t steal the swords and said, ‘Please, when you leave, be quiet as you don’t want to wake the neighbors,’ which was quite fun.”

As the guest also noted, the event was “more than you would ever imagine it to be. It did feel like we were really part of their very special occasion. It just felt about the two of them, which was great.”