Dakota Johnson would 'giggle' when Chris Hemsworth got shirtless on set of Bad Time At The El Royale He is a Hollywood heartthrob desired around the world.

But when he got shirtless for his new movie Bad Times At The El Royale, his co-star Dakota Johnson found herself unable to contain her laughter.

The 29-year-old told Extra: 'It made me giggle so much. It was such a serious scene, and he’s so ridiculous-looking. He’s, like, wiggling his crazy body around.'

To tell the truth: When Chris Hemsworth got shirtless for his new movie Bad Times At The El Royale, his co-star Dakota Johnson found herself unable to contain her laughter

Chris, who rose to fame as the musclebound Norse god Thor in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, plays a cult chieftain in the 1969-set new movie.

The thriller also stars Dakota and Jon Hamm and follows seven strangers converging at a Lake Tahoe hotel and facing their old demons.

Lewis Pullman, son of the actor Bill Pullman, joins an impressive cast that includes Tony-winner Cynthia Erivo and Oscar-winner Jeff Bridges.

Hunk: Dakota told Extra : 'It made me giggle so much,' adding: 'It was such a serious scene, and he’s so ridiculous-looking,' and quipping: 'He’s, like, wiggling his crazy body around'

Dakota, who in real life is the daughter of Don Johnson and Melanie Griffith and the granddaughter of Tippi Hedren, is seen hatching a nefarious scheme in the trailer.

In her hotel room, she has bound Cailee Spaeny's character to a chair and gagged her - according to Entertainment Weekly, the two of them are sisters.

When a man's voice through her hotel room door asks her to allow him access, Dakota, gun in hand, drawls: 'Nah, I ain't gonna do that,' as Cailee sits tied up nearby.

Who's who: Chris, who rose to fame as the musclebound Norse god Thor in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, plays a cult chieftain in the 1969-set new movie

Bad Times At The El Royale, out now, was written and directed by Drew Goddard, who had the same positions on The Cabin In The Woods and who wrote The Martian.

Dakota is reputedly dating Coldplay frontman Chris Martin, who was once married to Gwyneth Paltrow until they split in what Gwyneth called a 'conscious uncoupling.'

Rumors had been swirling recently that Dakota was pregnant by the father of two, who at the age of 41 is 12 years her senior.

Up to no good: Dakota, who in real life is the daughter of Don Johnson and Melanie Griffith and the granddaughter of Tippi Hedren, is seen hatching a nefarious scheme in the trailer

They began when photos emerged of a star-studded party at her home that featured pink and blue balloons such as those seen at a gender reveal bash.

'The only thing I'm pregnant with is a lot of really good ideas,' Dakota said on The Ellen DeGeneres Show this week, clarifying: 'But not any babies.'

She said of the party: 'It was my birthday, and there were balloons that happened to be pink and blue, and so then, I was pregnant?'