Jimmy Kimmel airs hilarious Baby Bachelor In Paradise skit The Bachelorette wrapped up it's 13th season last night, meaning Bachelor In Paradise is right around the corner.

And Jimmy Kimmel welcomed back the often-scandalous summer series with the most innocent parody possible, putting precocious toddlers in the place of lovelorn contestants.

The late night skit was a laugh-a-minute, showing lovesick little ones don floaties and nurse drinks in sippy cups while uttering classic reality one-liners like 'I just wanna find love' and 'I always fall for bad boys.'

Scroll down for video

Pint-sized Paradise! Jimmy Kimmel welcomed back Bachelor In Paradise with a new parody, showing precocious toddlers in the place of love-sick contestants for Baby Bachelor In Paradise

The late night host welcomed all to pint-sized Paradise, calling it 'a serene utopia for small children whose parents have no problem with them doing this for some reason.'

Following in the footsteps of Jimmy's earlier Baby Bachelor and Baby Bachelorette, the little contestants fight for each other's attention with 'passionate play dates' and 'canoodling in the kiddie pool.'

There are gags aplenty, with returning contestant Dylan, six, coming back to the beach with a hilarious fake mustache while 'bad boy' Alex pumped iron in a leather vest.

Parental supervision required! The little ones don floaties and nurse drinks in sippy cups while uttering classic reality one-liners like 'I just wanna find love' and 'I always fall for bad boys'

Playing for love! The kid contestants fight for each other's attention with 'passionate play dates' and 'canoodling in the kiddie pool'

His secret 'stache! Returning contestant Dylan, six, came back to the beach with a fake mustache

What a character! The kids play all the typical characters, with 'bad boy' Alex proving his strength as he pumped iron in a leather vest

'Newcomer' Mazie took the role of resident drama queen, proclaiming 'I'm Mazie and I'm crazy' in her intro.

The little lady set her eyes on Brendan, who she flirted with by complimenting his shark floaties.

'Sharks are my favorite animal because they eat people,' the tiny heartbreaker explained during the duo's juice date.

'She's so beautiful... but crazy' Brendan then revealed in a camera confessional.

Drama queen! 'I'm Mazie and I'm crazy' quipped the tankini clad kiddo, who appeared to have her eyes set on Brendan

What a flirt! She sets her eyes on Brendan and flirted by complimenting his shark floaties

Taking the bait? 'Sharks are my favorite animal because they eat people,' the tiny heartbreaker explained over juice

Jimmy asks the little guy if he thinks Mazie could be the one, to which he replied 'I think maybe but she's kind of scary.'

'Does it scare you to be in love or are you just scared of her?' asked Jimmy.

'Just scared of her.'

Uh oh! Jimmy ends the show with a Bachelor-perfect cliff-hanger, teasing an appearance from the little one's 'estranged wife Charlie'

Scary in love! Jimmy asks the little guy if he thinks Mazie could be the one, to which he replied 'i think maybe but she's kind of scary'

Of course the drama doesn't stop there.

Jimmy ends the show with a Bachelor-perfect cliff-hanger, teasing an appearance from the little one's 'estranged wife Charlie.'

'Which babies will run off into the sunset and which will run home to mommy?' he asked before the clip came to a close.

The kindergarten dramarama will continue on ABC's Jimmy Kimmel Live! throughout summer.