Rob Kardashian, Blac Chyna settle part of their toxic dispute Sept. 15, 2017, 4:54 p.m. ET

An uneasy preliminary peace is settling on the toxic Rob Kardashian-vs-Blac Chyna dispute over custody of their baby and allegations of domestic violence and online revenge porn.

It's not over yet, says Blac Chyna's lawyer, Lisa Bloom, but the hearing in the case set for Monday in Los Angeles is off.

Bloom said Friday in an emailed statement to USA TODAY that Kardashian, 30, agreed to continue to stay away from Chyna, 29, (real name Angela White) and not contact her.

Because of this, "Chyna has agreed to take the domestic abuse hearing scheduled for September 18 off the calendar," Bloom said. "She will always have the right to go back into court if further incidents of domestic abuse occur.

"This agreement does not resolve all disputes between Chyna and Rob," Bloom warned.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

Still, the custody of 10-month-old Dream Kardashian is settled, she said.

"Chyna is pleased that Rob has agreed to peacefully co-parent Dream with her, as she has been requesting all along," Bloom said.

But she said Kardashian does not have "more than 50% custody," as TMZ reported quoting the usual anonymous sources. Among other unverified claims, the gossip website said Kardashian agreed to pay Chyna $20,000 a month in child support in order to ensure there are nannies on duty when she leaves home "to party."

That last claim infuriated Bloom, who said Chyna, like many working mothers, sometimes leaves her baby with a nanny while she goes to work.

"Chyna did not leave 'Dream at home this weekend while she left to party.' This is a false and outrageous statement," Bloom said in her statement.

"Rob should stop defaming the mother of his child and instead should become accustomed himself to the concept of working for a living — something Chyna has always done before, during and after her relationship with him to support herself and her children."

This last was a dig at the work habits of Kardashian, a member of the multi-millionaire Kardashian-Jenner clan who lacks their resources. Instead, he owns a sock company.

Sniping-by-leak-and-or-press release has been going on for months between Kardashian and Chyna.

But it reached a repulsive level in July when he attacked his estranged ex-fiancée on Instagram and Twitter by posting pictures of her naked breasts, backside and genitals and accusing her in profane terms of sleeping with another man in "the same bed Chyna and I made our baby in."

Even though he took down some of the pictures, it made him vulnerable to charges of revenge porn, which is a crime in California. Soon, Chyna and Bloom were in court seeking, and receiving, a temporary restraining order over the social media posts and claims that Kardashian had beaten her.

The hearing Monday was to discuss an extension of the restraining order. Now that Kardashian has agreed to stay away, the hearing is no longer necessary, Bloom said.

It's not clear what else remains to be resolved, and Bloom did not provide details.

Kardashian's lawyer, his late father's old friend Robert Shapiro, did not return an email from USA TODAY seeking comment.