Deal or No Deal's Howie Mandel says he doesn't remember Meghan Markle Howie Mandel wasn't invited to the royal wedding — but he has no hard feelings.

In fact, he doesn't really have any feeling about Meghan Markle at all, since he doesn't even remember her from their Deal or No Deal days.

Though Meghan, 37, was a model on the game show that Howie hosted, the 63-year-old told Dr. Oz this week that he had no recollection of working with her, and it came as a surprise when he learned the Duchess of Sussex was on the show.

Nope! Howie Mandel said this week that he wasn't invited to the royal wedding

Blending in: The 63-year-old also admitted he didn't remember Meghan Markle

Rising star: Meghan worked as a 'suitcase girl' on Deal or No Deal at the start of her acting career, between 2006 and 2007

Beautiful ladies: The two definitely met, though it doesn't seem like the future Duchess made an impression on Howie

In a preview clip of an episode of The Dr. Oz Show set to air on Thursday, Howie dishes as best he can on Meghan — which is to say, he doesn't really dish at all.

'I was not invited to the wedding,' he says, answering Dr. Oz's question.

When prodding to share what he recalls of working together — Meghan was on the show briefly in the mid-2000s — Howie didn't have much to tell.

'What do I remember? I'm going to be totally honest with you. Nothing. I don't remember Meghan. I don't,' he said.

Gesturing to a photo of Meghan as a briefcase girl, Howie said, 'I saw that picture when she became the Duchess or when she got engaged.

'I saw that picture and they went, "She was a Deal or No Deal model," and I go, "Really? Really? What number?" Then that picture, put up that picture again, as I was trying to remember, what number was she? There's no number even on her case. So, how do you know she was actually a model?

'I think she's just a young lady with a lot of baggage,' he joked.

Working the camera: The now-37-year-old was one of 26 women who had to carry a suitcase that was filled with a monetary amount, ranging between one penny and $1 million

Exciting: Her go-to briefcase number was 24, and she knew how to nail the necessary excitement for players who eliminated small dollar amounts

Surprise! Meghan appeared on the show ten years before she met Prince Harry, and said in 2013 that she did it in order to 'make ends meet' while auditioning for other roles

Meghan carried briefcases with more than one number during her time, but it was most frequently the number 24.

Speaking about her more, Howie had some generic, nice things to say.

'She's a wonderful, beautiful, young lady and I'm so happy for her. All I want for each and every person, they don't even have to be on my show to be successful and healthy,' he said.

When asked about Meghan at a Television Critics Association event in August, Howie joked that she was 'slightly duchessy' before praising all the women who held up the briefcases on the show.

'Not everybody will have the opportunity to meet royalty, but these are all accomplished people that have something substantial — they’re not just standing there holding a case,' he said.

'They have careers, they have hobbies, they have families, they’re entrepreneurial—they’re all people. So, when somebody like Harry meets somebody who just happened to be on our show, there’s a lot to offer.'

Revealed: Chrissy Teigen, 33, said she was on Deal or No Deal when Meghan was, and had only nice things to say about her

No big: Howie doesn't seem to crushed about not getting an invite

Diva?He did, however, joke that she was 'duchessy' earlier this year

'Definitely working on Deal or No Deal was a learning experience, and it helped me to understand what I would rather be doing,' she said

Meghan, meanwhile, reflected on her time on the show in a 2013 interview with Esquire.

'Definitely working on Deal or No Deal was a learning experience, and it helped me to understand what I would rather be doing,' she said, adding that it was 'in the category of things I was doing while I was auditioning to try to make ends meet.'

Some of Meghan's fellow models also had nice things to say.

'I am especially a fan of Meghan,' Chrissy Teigen told Mail on Sunday this year. 'I was on Deal or No Deal with her and she was lovely. Now everyone asks me what she was like and I say, “Sorry, no dirt. She’s gorgeous.”'

'Meghan is beautiful, smart, talented, I feel she absolutely deserves to be a princess,' former suitcase girl Aubrie Lemon told Inside Edition.

'One day she was next to me getting fitted for her dress, and the next day she's going to be the future princess,' Leyla Milani joked, before adding: 'She was always reading scripts behind the scenes when we had our down time... she was always working on her craft.'

Smile pretty: It was 'in the category of things I was doing while I was auditioning to try to make ends meet,' she said

Winner! Although she revealed that she never had the winning case, Meghan certainly knew how to put on a show while appearing on the show in a series of very provocative outfits

There she goes! At the start of each show, Meghan would have to stroll down some stairs with her fellow models, carrying a suitcase in one hand and smiling at the camera (pictured with 11)

Over on the new episode of Dr. Oz, Howie also delved into more serious issues, talking about his mental health. The comedian and entertainer has spoken out before about struggling with OCD and anxiety.

In this interview, he recalled being on the Howard Stern show 25 years ago when he started to have a panic attack.

'But the truth is, because people think because I'm a comedian they thought I was joking,' he said. 'I started having an anxiety attack, which feels like a heart attack.

'Then in my panic I said, "Howard seriously, I go to a doctor and I have OCD. I see a psychiatrist and I feel like I'm going to die right now. You've got to please, you got to let me out."

Playing along: Howie also played a jokey game of Deal or No Deal with Dr. Oz, and opened up about his anxiety issues

Once Howard let him out, he realized that the show wasn't on break, and he'd set that all on air.

'I said, "Oh, my God. I just said that publicly, on national radio." So number one, I thought my poor family. I outed myself as a mentally unstable person. How are my kids going to be able to go to school?

'I mean, it's going to be horrible, number one. Number two, my career is over because who's going to hire, any show cost millions of dollars. Who's going to hire somebody who has mental health issues?

'Remember this is 25 years ago and it was the darkest day of my life. I thought this is it, what do I do?'