Kelly Rohrbach cosies up to shirtless beau Steuart Walton in Malibu She's been going from strength to strength with her boyfriend, Walmart heir Steuart Walton, for more than a year.

And on Wednesday Kelly Rohrbach put on a loved-up display with her other half as they enjoyed some fun in the sun in Malibu.

The couple were wrapped up in each other's arms as they strolled down the parking lot after hitting the waves.

Beach babes! Kelly Rohrbach hit the beach in Malibu on Wednesday with her boyfriend Steuart Walton

First the twosome got their heart rate up, jogging by the surf barefoot.

Kelly, 28, wore a white tank top, bikini bottoms, and a hat as she made her way down the coast alongside her other half, tuned into her earbuds.

The star looked incredible as she worked on her exquisitely toned physique with her blonde locks tucked away inside her cap.

Opting to go shirtless, Steuart, 37, put his chiseled torso on display as he jogged alongside his lady love.

Making a run for it! The couple got their hearts racing as they jogged barefoot on the sand

Summer loving: Kelly smiled as she held hands with her other half

Soaking up the sun: Opting to go shirtless, Steuart put his chiseled torso on display as he jogged alongside his lady love

Clearly very much smitten with each other, the couple were practically inseparable as they held hands while taking in the sunshine-soaked day.

Kelly smiled at her other half, looking overjoyed to spend some quality time with the handsome heir.

After a day of jogging on the sand, Kelly rinsed off in her bright blue and neon green bikini.

Rinsing off: After a day of jogging on the sand, Kelly rinsed off in her bright blue and neon green bikini

Post-workout: The actress closed her eyes as she showered off outdoors

If you've got it! Kelly indeed looked incredible as she put her bikini body on display

Kelly and Steuart have been dating for more than a year, and by the looks of things are very much in love.

Back in May 2017, a source told E! that the couple had been dating for 'four or five months', and that Steuart even gave Kelly 'flying lessons on his personal plane.'

Kelly previously dated Leonardo DiCaprio in 2016.