Chanel West Coast Opens Up About Big Black’s Death Rob & Big’s Chanel West Coast opened up about her costar Christopher “Big Black” Boykin‘s death on Wednesday, May 18. The rapper told E! News at OK! Magazine’s summer kick-off party that she’s still processing the reality star’s death. As previously reported, Big Black died of a heart attack on May 9 at the age of 45.

Related: Most Shocking Celebrity Deaths of All Time Us Weekly looks back at the stars who died before their time, including Amy Winehouse, Prince and Whitney Houston — see the most shocking celeb deaths

“We’re all very sad that he’s gone. It’s super tragic,” Chanel said. “He was so young and he has a little girl, which makes it even sadder.” (Boykin shares a 9-year-old daughter with ex-wife Shannon Turley.)

Related: Stars Who Got Their Start on Reality TV The road to success in Hollywood is a little different for every would-be actor, but these days, reality TV is becoming a major launching pad for some of the industry's biggest stars. Before they were red-carpet regulars, NeNe Leakes, Jennifer Hudson, Julianne Hough and Lucy Hale were among those who broke through as reality stars

“I think everyone is going to remember him as such a funny guy,” she added of her former MTV costar. “He’s going to keep people laughing forever in reruns to come. I think we’re all going to remember him in a great way. It’s just super tragic.”

Big Black’s pal Rob Dyrdek previously paid tribute to the former security guard. After the shocking news of his death, the pro skateboarder made several Instagram posts, revealing they had reconciled after a brief feud.

Related: Celebrity Health Scares Trista Sutter, Selena Gomez, Ellen DeGeneres and more stars have opened up about their unexpected illnesses and injuries — read more

“My heart is broken. I don’t want to write this post. I don’t want to believe that this is reality. I am so thankful for you,” Drydek wrote on May 9. “We truly were brothers that lived an unexpected unforgettable adventure. I just can’t fathom that it would end so suddenly. You will forever be in my heart.”