Anthony Bourdain's Death: Barack Obama, Chrissy Teigen, Gordon Ramsay & Others Pay Tribute Celebrities are mourning the loss of Anthony Bourdain, who was found dead of an apparent suicide in his hotel room in France Friday (June 8). Bourdain was a fan-favorite chef, author and TV personality, whose shows A Cook’s Tour, Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations and Parts Unknown gave viewers a wealth of insight on international cuisine and the people who consume it.

Chrissy Teigen, George Takei, Busy Philipps, fellow chef Gordon Ramsay and more are sharing their regards on Twitter, commending Bourdain for his open-mindedness, authenticity and curiosity. See their posts below.

Stunned and saddened by the loss of Anthony Bourdain. He brought the world into our homes and inspired so many people to explore cultures and cities through their food. Remember that help is a phone call away US:1-800-273-TALK UK: 116 123 — Gordon Ramsay (@GordonRamsay) June 8, 2018

Anthony. One of my idols. Unapologetic, passionate and one of the best storytellers on the planet. Thank you for making food so exciting. And always standing up for everything right. Horrible. Why why why. Be at peace now 🙁 — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) June 8, 2018

I’m in shock after hearing the news of my CNN colleague Anthony Bourdain’s death. Sending love and comfort to his family and friends. — Marc Lamont Hill (@marclamonthill) June 8, 2018

BROTHER ANTHONY @BOURDAIN YOU ALWAYS TELL ME I AM THE LEGEND. YOU ARE THE REAL LEGEND. I LOVE YOU FOREVER BROTHER — The Iron Sheik (@the_ironsheik) June 8, 2018

RIP Anthony Bourdain. I read and loved Kitchen Confidential while I was working as a chef at Groucho St Jude in Glasgow. It was the first book since Down & Out In Paris & London that captured some of the intensity, danger and excitement of life in a kitchen. — alex kapranos (@alkapranos) June 8, 2018

RIP to one of the most legendary opinion-havers. — https://t.co/1aFrmt6bpD — anthony fanTOURno. (@theneedledrop) June 8, 2018

rest in peace anthony bourdain — bobbito francisco (@robertontenient) June 8, 2018

My deepest condolences to his families and loved ones. He sometimes spoke of his battle with depression. I am saddened to hear it took him from us while he still had so much left to share. https://t.co/MDMXlDZdNX — George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) June 8, 2018

Truly devastated about @Bourdain. I have no words. Please if you need help, reach out. Call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 — Busy Philipps (@BusyPhilipps) June 8, 2018

Anthony Bourdain honestly changed the way I looked at food. I just loved the way he explored life through food. No Reservations/Parts Unknown was my way of exploring the world. — Jemele Hill (@jemelehill) June 8, 2018

This is utterly heartbreaking. Thank you for opening our eyes to parts of the world both cherished and unknown. What a legacy. Sending peace and love to his family. If you or someone you love needs help, please reach out or call 1-800-273-TALK. https://t.co/mkht3wTY5m — Mandy Moore (@TheMandyMoore) June 8, 2018

Anthony Bourdain committed suicide. I feel sick to my stomach. He inspired me to travel the world and get over my fear of flying. I was lucky enough to meet him on one of my flights. I can’t breathe — Andy Milonakis (@andymilonakis) June 8, 2018

Stunned & horrified by death of vibrant, brilliant Anthony Bourdain who opened America’s eyes to worlds unknown with so much culture, joy and understanding. — Tina Brown (@TinaBrownLM) June 8, 2018

I will never forget Anthony Bourdain’s smile and laugh. @Bourdain was the warmest presence when he walked in any room. He taught us all so much about culture, life and living each day fully. You will be dearly missed, Anthony. — Poppy Harlow (@PoppyHarlowCNN) June 8, 2018

Ohh nooo! Anthony Bourdain!!!! Be at peace, brother.?? — LeVar Burton (@levarburton) June 8, 2018

As a band that has travelled the world for the past 20 plus years Anthony Bourdain has shown us the light in so many ways. We will miss him very much. RIP #anthonybourdain pic.twitter.com/eVVh9rNku3 — Jimmy Eat World (@jimmyeatworld) June 8, 2018

A friend of @StarTalkRadio. A friend of Food & Culture. A friend to us all. Anthony Bourdain, RIP. (1956-2018). pic.twitter.com/uVqEgldGsL — Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) June 8, 2018

My heart is broken for my sweet friend @AsiaArgento. … Anthony Bourdain– — om (@oliviamunn) June 8, 2018

Anthony Bourdain lived in a way that most of us should. A seeker of the unknown & a man who exposed magnificent parts of the world to us through our TVs. I don’t even know what to say, this makes me so damn sad. I truly loved him & what he stood for. — Lucy Hale (@lucyhale) June 8, 2018

His wisdom, his insight, his humor, his compassion, his staunch resistance to the inauthentic and support of all that resonates from the heart, and his passion for life that he shared with the us….Its difficult to process a world without Anthony Bourdain. — Elijah Wood (@elijahwood) June 8, 2018

Trump says news of Anthony Bourdain’s death shocked him this morning: “I want to extend to his family my heartfelt condolences…I enjoyed his show, he was quite a character. I just want to extend my condolences, and also to the family of Kate Spade.” https://t.co/pNYPw48GXA pic.twitter.com/2XxMJzrU5j — Hollywood Reporter (@THR) June 8, 2018