The Bizarre Reason Why Blake Lively Just Deleted All Of Her Instagram Photos Mark today in your diaries because Tuesday 1 May is a day of mourning.

During our daily morning commute to work, we were aghast (yes, that's right, aghast) at the news that fashion icon du jour Blake Lively has deleted all of her Instagram posts and purged her following list.

We know right, it’s a travesty. But, of course, there’s reason behind the madness.

Getty Images

Following in the footsteps of Taylor Swift - who last year deleted her entire Instagram history in the lead to the release of her album Reputation - Blake Lively erased all signs of Instagram identity to celebrate the upcoming release of her film A Simple Favour.

Blake Lively // Instagram

The reason?

Well, the actress’ new film project is a mystery/thriller which follows Stephanie, a mommy vlogger (played by Anna Kendrick), who sets out to find out why her best friend Emily Nelson (Lively), has suddenly disappeared from their small town.

Read Next

This might explain then why the Age Of Adeline has traded in her regular following list (including the likes of Michael Kors, Lorraine Schwartz and Louboutin) for several real-life women who all go by the name of her on-screen character, Emily Nelson.

Instagram

However, the star has kept her 20.4 million followers. I mean, this is Blake Lively we’re talking about - she’s not stupid!

With not even an outfit picture to look at, the 30-year-old star left but one message for her fans in her bio which asked: 'What happened to Emily?...'

Of course, it didn't take long before the group of real-life Emily Nelsons became aware the Hollywood actress had started to follow them and started to freak out, especially when she began replying to the DMs and 'liking' their Instagram posts.

Emily Nelson // Instagram

From asking the star whether she wanted to be their sister, to asking if Lively was planning to adopt them, the Nelsons were puzzled as to the actress' somewhat bizarre Instagram move.

The heartbreaking decision to delete her Instagram pictures comes days after the star showcased her ‘fashion marathon’ to promote her latest film.

In her latest (now deleted) snaps, the All I See Is You star showed off four pairs of Louboutins in just 24 hours as well as dresses by Zimmerman and Michael Kors.

Blake Lively // Instagram

We appreciate this artistic move, Blake, but you've had your fun. Now, for the love of God, bring us back some snaps of you in Oscar de la Renta and Loubs.