Deontay Wilder's girlfriend is reality TV star Telli Swift famed for WAGS Atlanta appearance Deontay Wilder's girlfriend reality TV star Telli Swift is famed for WAGS Atlanta appearance

Wilder had the support of his fiancee and his children as he became world heayweight champion, knocking out almost every one of his oppponents

MIRROR FIGHTING'S ,DEONTAY WILDER VS TYSON FURY, PREVIEW

Deontay Wilder is not the only famous name in his household.

‌



His fiancee Telli Swift is a reality TV star and is often rubbing shoulders with the rich and famous at ringside.

‌



Wilder, who hails from Tuscaloosa, Alabama, has remained true to his roots by training at his local Skyy boxing gym which means he is close to his family during training camps.

‌



He has often spoken about how they provide inspiration during the heavyweight world champion's gruelling sessions.

Here is everything you need to know about Ms. Swift as well as Wilder's previous marriage and children...

Who is Telli Swift?

Ms. Swift was born in the Philippines on January 24, 1987 Swift to Vivian Crawford and Reginald Swift. She has a brother Reginald Jr.

‌



Ms. Swfit is a star in her own right (Image: Instagram/TelliSwift)

Telli grew up in Japan and later moved to California. Her real name is Shuntel but she took on Telli when he became well known. She began modelling when she was just three and appeared in a variety of beauty pageants, encouraged by her mum.

What is she known for?

As well as modelling, Telli worked as a plastic surgery nurse in Beverley Hills, as well as in the trauma unit. Most recently she was cast in WAGS Atlanta which airs on E! in the United States.

‌



Telli also has a website to which she uploads recipes, including one for her favourite food Lumpia, a traditional Filipino appetiser. She also has a personal blog.

When did she meet Deontay Wilder?

Telli met Wilder in 2015 at Los Angeles airport and they began dating soon afterwards.

The couple announced they were expecting a baby last year and held a party to reveal the sex. Shown on WAGS Atlanta, Wilder produced an engagement ring with a huge rock and asked his girlfriend to marry him.

‌



He said: "I love the girl though. She got my heart. That's my baby, that's my best friend."

The couple are yet to announce their wedding plans.

Deontay Wilder with fiancee Telli Swift and their daughter (Image: Instagram/TelliSwift)

‌



Does she have any children?

Yes, Telli has a son Kerron from a previous relationship who was born in 2007.

And she and Deontay welcomed Kaorii Lee Wilder into the world in February this year.

Telli blogged about her daughter: "She’s an amazing soul!

‌



"I swear having a newborn is like falling in love all over again! The feeling is beyond what words can express!!

"So I know you’ve all been waiting to hear what we’ve named her… It’s Kaorii Lee Wilder."

The couple's daughter Kaorii Lee Wilder (Image: Instagram/TelliSwift)

‌



Controversy

Early in 2018, Telli blogged about an incident that saw her accused of shoplifting. She claims she was the victim of racial profiling when she and her friend were stopped by store security.

She claimed she was held in the car parking area in full view of other customers and accused of stealing a purse. Telli was eight-and-a-half months pregnant at the time.

What is Wilder's dating history?

The heavyweight world champion was previously married to Jessica Scales-Wilder but their eight-year relationship came to and end in 2017.

Article continues below

The couple have four children together and the eldest, daughter Naieya is the reason Wilder became a boxer. He dropped out of school and worked two jobs after she was diagnosed with spina bifida.

He turned to boxing and the rest is history.

The couple's other children are Ava, Deontay Jr and Dereon.