Nina Dobrev and beau Glen Powell are 'taking time apart' Things between Nina Dobrev and boyfriend Glen Powell are reportedly on pause.

News that the couple are 'taking time apart' emerged on Wednesday, according to E! News.

Flatliners starlet Nina's busy schedule is reportedly at the center of the couple's cool down, as an insider explained: 'There hasn't been an official "split"' but that Nina, 28, and Glen, 29, 'haven't been spending much time together.'

Parting ways? Nina Dobrev and beau Glen Powell (above in Janaury) appear to be taking a break, with an insider telling E! the couple 'haven't been spending much time together' due to their busy schedules

The source continued: 'Nina just wrapped on a project and is about to start another and her schedule has been a huge part of it.'

The star's busy schedule have meant she and Glen 'haven't been spending much time together since the end of the summer,' according to the insider.

There doesn't seem to be any bad blood between the duo, with another source telling E! that the split wasn't provoked by any fighting, adding that the Hidden Figure actor is a 'very easy-going dude.'

'They are still seeing each other, but have cooled things off a little because of busy schedules,' they said, suggesting a reunion could still be in the cards.

Conflicting calendars: An insider explained that the Flatliners actress (above, November 14) and her jam-packed schedule has meant that she and Glen (above, February) 'haven't been spending much time together since the end of the summer'

Pep in their step! People noticed chemistry between the pair after the couple appeared simple smitten back during Nina's star-studded La La Land themed birthday party in January

Fans suspected something was amiss when Glen unfollowed the Degrassi alum's social media earlier this month.

He later refollowed Dobrev and as of November 30, both actors still appear to be mutuals on Instagram, however.

The duo were also seen spending the Thanksgiving holiday separately.

News of the Powell-Dobrev pairing was first confirmed after the pair attended Julianne Hough and Brooks Laich's July wedding together.

Not feeling social: Fans suspected something was amiss when Glen unfollowed the Degrassi alum's social media earlier this month. Here she is seen at Craig's on November 20 with a friend

Rumors about the duo were sparked much earlier, as the couple appeared simple smitten back during Nina's star-studded La La Land themed birthday party in January.

He also accompanied her to the LA premiere of her film xXx: Return Of Xander Cage the same month.

Before Powell, Nina famously dated former Vampire Diaries co-star Ian Somerhalder in addition to being linked to actors Austin Stowell, Evan Williams and Benjamin Hollingsworth.