Kim Cattrall's Brother Found Dead After Being Reported Missing Kim Cattrall‘s brother, Christopher Cattrall, has been found dead just hours after she revealed that he was missing and posted a public plea for help.

Related: Celebrity Deaths of 2018: Stars We’ve Lost Hollywood lost some of its greats this year. Scroll down to see Us Weekly’s tribute to the celebrities who died in 2018. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails […]

“It is with great sadness that myself and my family announce the unexpected passing of our son and brother, Chris Cattrall,” the Sex and the City alum, 61, captioned an Instagram photo of herself and her brother on Sunday, February 4. “At this time we ask for privacy but we want to thank you all on social media for your outpouring of love and support in this trying time.”

Earlier in the day, the actress, who grew up in Canada, had posted a message asking for assistance in locating her brother, who disappeared from his home in Alberta on Tuesday, January 30.

Related: Most Shocking Celebrity Deaths of All Time Us Weekly looks back at the stars who died before their time, including Amy Winehouse, Prince and Whitney Houston — see the most shocking celeb deaths

The Royal Canadian Mounted Police told CBC News on Sunday that Christopher’s body had been found and their investigation into his disappearance had concluded. Police said the death was not considered suspicious.

Cpl. Laurel Scott told Global News that his body was located somewhere on his property on Sunday, but didn’t specify whether he was found inside or outside the house.

Related: Sex and the City’s Best Fashion Moments of All Time As the CW's Carrie Diaries premieres, look back at the franchise's best looks

As previously reported, the Mannequin star posted a message on Sunday describing her sibling as “a one of a kind brother,” and adding that the 55-year-old’s keys, cell phone and wallet were left on the table in his home and his front door was unlocked.

“This is not like Chris,” she wrote. “He would never leave his unlocked home without those items nor his 7 beloved dogs.”