Chrissy Teigen saved from being hit by cyclist by stranger See more sharing options

Send this page to someone via email

Share this item on X

Share this item via WhatsApp

Share this item on Facebook

Chrissy Teigen nearly got hit by a cyclist in New York on Tuesday, but thankfully a kind stranger was looking out for her.

READ MORE: Chrissy Teigen tells ‘Ellen’ she is expecting her second child in June

The story came to light after a fan on Twitter noticed a curiously positioned man in the background of a paparazzi photo of the pregnant 32-year-old model.

Hey @chrissyteigen this looks like you have strapped a very small man to your boob. Happy Thursday x pic.twitter.com/tIXedeTZqd — Matt Mackay (@matty_jmac) March 28, 2018

Story continues below advertisement

Teigen, who is due to give birth in June, responded jokingly:

I had the baby https://t.co/28Hsup5fhs — chrissy teigen (@chrissyteigen) March 28, 2018

When another fan was concerned with how close the man in the photo was to her, Teigen clarified the situation:

Nah he actually saved me from getting run over by a cyclist. I should have looked before stepping out! — chrissy teigen (@chrissyteigen) March 28, 2018

Story continues below advertisement

READ MORE: Chrissy Teigen’s plane gets turned around 4 hours into 11-hour flight

Get daily National news Get daily Canada news delivered to your inbox so you'll never miss the day's top stories. Sign up for daily National newsletter Get Started By providing your email address, you have read and agree to Global News' Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy

In another photo taken from a different angle, the man, actually a doorman from a nearby building, can more clearly be seen stopping Teigen from stepping onto the street.

View image in full screen Felipe Ramales / Splash News.

The fan who had been worried about Teigen’s security was impressed learning that the man in the photo was, in fact, a gentleman.

Oh wow! I didn’t realize there were actually gentlemen creepers out there, especially towards celebrities! Nice 😎 — Is it Summer yet (@Nvme333_NV) March 28, 2018