Lily Collins Was Praised for Losing Weight to Play Anorexic Character Lily Collins was shocked when she was complimented for losing weight to play an anorexic woman in Netflix’s upcoming series To the Bone. During an interview with The Edit published on Thursday, June 29, the actress, who suffered an eating disorder herself in the past, said that people’s obsession with being thin is why the disease exists.

Related: Celebrities’ Weight Loss and Transformations: Before and After Pictures Shocking, indeed! Some celebs seek out extreme methods to shed pounds, while others transform with the aid of healthier methods. From Rosie O'Donnell's and Jordin Sparks' respective 50 pound weight losses to Biggest Loser winner Rachel Frederickson's whopping 155 lighter frame, see before and after pictures of celebrities' weight loss transformations.

“I was leaving my apartment one day and someone I’ve known for a long time, my mom’s age, said to me, ‘Oh, wow, look at you!'” Collins told the site. “I tried to explain [I lost weight for a role] and she goes, ‘No! I want to know what you’re doing, you look great!’ I got into the car with my mom and said, ‘That is why the problem exists.’”

The role hit home for Collins, who previously revealed that she suffered an eating disorder.

“There’s a scene where I’m taking my clothes off to be weighed by Carrie Preston, my stepmom in the movie, who takes a photo on her phone and shows it to me. I didn’t think she’d actually take one but she did,” Collins recalled. “I saw myself in the photo and my heart dropped. So when my mom saw the film, she saw Lily’s reaction because she knows me the best.”

The scene caused her mom to breakdown.

Related: Movie Makeovers: Memorable Drab to Fab Character Transformations Look back at memorable movie makeovers, from Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady to Olivia Newton-John in Grease, to Anne Hathaway in The Princess Diaries

“The first time she was a bit in shock,” Collins added of her mom’s reaction. “The second time I looked over at the end and she was sobbing; it really hit her hard.”

The Love, Rosie actress also told The Edit that she couldn’t book photoshoots in magazines because she was too skinny.

Related: Celebrity Workout Buddies Friendship and fitness! Celebs are just like Us — they’d rather stay in shape with the help of their friends or significant others. Whether it’s assuming the downward dog position, hitting the pavement or lifting weights, stars enjoy shedding pounds with their famous acquaintances by their side. Reese Witherspoon, for example, goes on hikes with her […]

“I told my publicist that if I could snap my fingers and gain 10 pounds right that second, I would,” she concluded of the experience.

To the Bone hits Netflix on July 14.