Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans takes vicious jab at ex Nathan Griffith claiming he's an absentee dad Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans made strong remarks against her ex Nathan Griffith on Friday, claiming he doesn't care about their four-year-old son Kaiser and doesn't call the boy on the phone.

Her accusations came Friday after Nathan, 30, entered legal filings July 24 for full custody of their son, People reported.

Griffith filed for full custody after Evans was seen on the MTV series brandishing a firearm in an instance of road rage.

Fit parents: Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans made strong remarks against her ex Nathan Griffith, 30, (R) on Friday, claiming he doesn't care about their four-year-old son Kaiser and doesn't call the boy on the phone

'If you’re so "concerned" about your son why haven’t you call him to see how he’s been lately?' said the 26-year-old reality star after Nathan asked the court to give her secondary custody in a modification to their current arrangement. 'Oh yeah, you don’t care. Silly me, I forgot.'

The Oak Island, North Carolina native continued, 'Oh wait, you’ve never called him. That would be giving you credit you don’t deserve.'

Griffith said in court docs that Evans - who also has an eight-year-old son named Jace and a one-year-old daughter named Ensley - has 'drug dependency and substance abuse issues' along with her husband, David Eason.

Holding nothing back: Evans fired off fiery salvos at her ex via social media

Summer lovin': Evans was snapped with her husband Eason this week in a post she shared to Instagram

Griffith, a fitness fanatic, told the court Jenelle 'has been rehab two to three times' but has never completed treatment.

He said Jenelle has frequently found herself 'in criminal trouble, being arrested in excess of 20 times,' calling Eason a 'violent person who is a danger to the minor child.'

Evans flew off the handle during an episode of Teen Mom 2 last month when she followed a man to his home and pulled a gun after a freeway altercation.

Frightening: Jenelle Evans provoked a serious road rage incident during this week's episode of Teen Mom 2

The other motorist, Robert Robinson Jr., told TMZ he was also carrying a gun for self-defense and that while he was ready to 'shoot to kill,' he restrained himself after noticing Evans' eight-year-old son Jace was in the car.

In the incident, things escalated after he tried to get around her and cut her car off. Evans followed the man to his house where she berated him and brandished her firearm. Then, she ran over his mailbox, prompting Robinson to get back in his car and block her from leaving.

Evans was on the phone with Eason, who warned her, 'You don't follow a grown man to his f***ing house.'

Jace then recounted events to grandma Barbara, saying, 'He slammed into us and then mommy just points a gun at the guy and then he said 'You better not f***ing shoot.'''

Hot headed: A driving conflict escalated into the reality figure following the other driver home and pulling a gun, all while son Jace watched on

Big no-no: Afterwards husband David Eason reprimanded her saying: 'You don't follow a grown man to his f***ing house'

Nathan told TMZ in the wake of the incident that the MTV broadcast exposed an 'unstable environment' and 'hectic situation' unsuitable for kids.

'Overall, I provide a stable and peaceful environment and even footage shows that I’m constantly trying to take Kaiser out of a hostile situation,' he said. 'I am afraid that if she carries a loaded weapon inside a vehicle and she keeps it that accessible, without a lock on it - that’s very dangerous to be around children.'

Teen Mom 2 airs on MTV Monday evenings at 9/8c.