Inside Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan's make or break holiday Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan had a make or break holiday to Los Cabos in December, just four months before they confirmed their shock split.

The couple, who met on the set of Step Up in 2006 and married three years later, announced they were separating in a joint Instagram statement on Monday.

But back in December the stars headed on an adult only trip to Mexico without their daughter Everly, in what seemed to be a last ditch attempt to save their marriage.

Last holiday: Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan had a make or break holiday to Los Cabos in December, just four months before they confirmed their shock split

Channing planned the trip to mark his wife's 37th birthday, with Jenna Instagramming photos throughout.

Renting a luxurious private house on the beach, the couple enjoyed lazy days by the ocean and nights drinking cocktails and having food delivered to their holiday home.

Jenna posed photos of herself posing for her husband in a plunging black swimsuit on the beach and inside their plush oceanfront pad.

She also shared a snap of herself standing next to a 'Happy Birthday Jenna' message written in the sand, in a sweet gesture organised by her husband.

Time alone: In December the stars headed on an adult only trip to Mexico without their daughter Everly, in what seemed to be a last ditch attempt to save their marriage (pictured at the airport)

Just the two of us: Channing planned the trip to mark his wife's 37th birthday, with Jenna Instagramming photos throughout

Alongside that photo though, the dancer and actress noted it had been a 'challenging' year, telling her followers: 'This year has been one i will never forget. Challenging, beautiful and wonderfully expansive all at the same time.'

'But i know for sure that every experience you have is here for your own growth and when viewed that way, the magic of life will show you the way.'

Channing shared his own post on the same day to mark his wife's 37th, in which he gushed about 'beautiful' Jenna, writing: 'This creature is one more year beautiful. The transformation she invoked this year has been something they only write about in books of fairytale and magic.'

'Your strength and grace ever evolving. By doing so you make everything around you grow- everything. And i am so very grateful for your lessons. Happy life day my love.'

Birthday trip: Jenna posed photos of herself posing for her husband in a plunging black swimsuit as well as a snap of herself standing next to a 'Happy Birthday Jenna' message written in the sand, in a sweet gesture organised by her husband

Clue? Alongside that photo though, the actress noted it had been a 'challenging' year, writing: 'This year has been one i will never forget. Challenging, beautiful and wonderfully expansive'

Jenna, who has previously enthused about the couple's healthy sex life, also chose a raunchy holiday read for the trip, sharing a look at her history book of the Moulin Rouge on her Instagram stories as she enjoyed a cocktail.

Despite their happy Instagrams, the holiday seemed to fail to mend the couple's nine year marriage, as they announced their shock split this week.

The actors revealed the news by posting matching statements via their respective Instagram pages on Monday, insisting they remain 'two best friends' but accept they are on 'different paths for now'.

The superstar duo, who share daughter Everly, who will turn five on May 31, and say they will remain 'loving dedicated parents' amid the devastating split, were subject to devastated reaction from fans on social media.

It's over! After nearly nine years of marriage it is over for Channing and Jenna (The former couple seen here in their last public outing in November)

The couple made their last public appearance together on November 6 at the LA premiere of War Dog: A Soldier's Best Friend, before attending last month's Kids' Choice Awards separately - as he took the stage and she sat in the crowd with Everly.

Channing met Jenna on the set of 2006's Step Up, where they played love interests Tyler Gage and Nora Clark, and the duo married three years later in an idyllic ceremony at the Church Estates Vineyards in Malibu, California in July 2009.

The estranged husband and wife penned the upsetting note on Monday evening, reading: 'Hey world! So… We have something we would like to share.

'First off, it feels odd that we have to share this kind of thing with everyone, but it’s a consequence of the lives we’ve chosen to lead, which we also happen to be deeply grateful for.

Telling the world: The actress, 37, announced the shocking separation on Monday in an Instagram post

Downcast: Jenna appeared pensive as she was spotted leaving a Yoga class in Studio City just hours before Monday's split announcement

Hidden figures: She tried to disguise herself in a pair of large aviator sunglasses before joining her husband in revealing their upsetting news

'We’re living in an incredible moment in time, but it’s also a time where truth can easily get distorted into “alternative facts” So we want to share the truth so you know that if you didn’t read it here then it’s most certainly fiction...

'We have lovingly chosen to separate as a couple. We fell deeply in love so many years ago and have had a magical journey together...

'Absolutely nothing has changed about how much we love one another, but love is a beautiful adventure that is taking us on different paths for now...

'There are no secrets nor salacious events at the root of our decision — just two best-friends realizing it’s time to take some space and help each other live the most joyous, fulfilled lives as possible...

Wedding bells! Jenna and Channing seen here at their vow ceremony in July 2009 at Church Estate Vineyards in Malibu

Separate lives: The couple attended last month's Kids' Choice Awards separately - as he took the stage and she sat in the crowd with Everly

Way back when: However, it was just short of two weeks ago that the parenting duo were featured in an Instagram snap together

Jenna and Channing's statement in full Hey world! So…We have something we would like to share. First off, it feels odd that we have to share this kind of thing with everyone, but it’s a consequence of the lives we’ve chosen to lead, which we also happen to be deeply grateful for. We’re living in an incredible moment in time, but it’s also a time where truth can easily get distorted into “alternative facts”. So we want to share the truth so you know that if you didn’t read it here then it’s most certainly fiction. We have lovingly chosen to separate as a couple. We fell deeply in love so many years ago and have had a magical journey together. Absolutely nothing has changed about how much we love one another, but love is a beautiful adventure that is taking us on different paths for now. There are no secrets nor salacious events at the root of our decision — just two best-friends realizing it’s time to take some space and help each other live the most joyous, fulfilled lives as possible. We are still a family and will always be loving dedicated parents to Everly. We won’t be commenting beyond this, and we thank you all in advance for respecting our family’s privacy. Sending lots of love to everyone, Chan&Jenna.

'We are still a family and will always be loving dedicated parents to Everly. We won’t be commenting beyond this, and we thank you all in advance for respecting our family’s privacy. Sending lots of love to everyone, Chan&Jenna'.

Seeming to confirm the statement from the couple Page Six spoke to an insider who claimed the duo have split 'due to spending more time apart because of the pressure of work'.

The source went on to explain: 'Channing has been working non-stop, with four movies announced for 2018 alone.

'It is hard on a marriage to be apart so much, especially when you have a young child. Plus Jenna is in pre-production for the movie, Berlin I Love You.'

Another insider said: 'Both Channing and Jenna are devoted to their daughter and have worked hard to spend as much happy family time together, despite the problems in their relationship.'

However, it was just short of two weeks ago that the parenting duo were featured in an Instagram snap together.

Channing shared a series of images showing himself and Jenna with their faces drawn on and painted by their daughter.

The first snap was captioned 'This is what it looks like when a little tyrant fairy artist holds you down and makes your face look “better”.'

Last year, Jenna got candid during an appearance on The Ellen DeGeneres Show. In the episode, the dancer and actress opened up about the night Channing first seduced her while filming 2006's Step Up.

Happier times: The former couple seen with daughter Everly in December at Disney;and's California Adventure

Sparking the flames: The two first began their romance on set of 2006 dance moving Step Up

She revealed: 'He did this whole thing where he didn't want to be in a relationship, so I was like: "Look, if you want to date other people and be free, that's fine, but we're not going to hang out and watch movies. You've got to figure out what you want, because I know I want to be in a relationship with you."'.

'So, three days goes by and he had gone out with all the dancers on Step Up, and he had this crazy, wild tequila night. He said he had the chance "to be free" and he couldn't stop thinking about me.'

'So he comes down to my hotel room at two in the morning and he's banging on the door, and I'm like: "What's going on?" So I go and open the door, and he's in a sombrero, underwear, Ugg boots, and he's like: "Let's do this."'

Red carpet kiss: Channing and Jenna seen here on the Academy Awards red carpet in 2013

A timeline of their love 2006: The couple meet on the set of Step Up, where he 'seduced' the star, who played his on-screen love interest 2008: Channing pops the question during a romantic trip to Maui 2009: Jenna and Channing wed in an idyllic ceremony in Church Estates Vineyards in Malibu, California 2013: Their daughter Everly Elizabeth Maiselle Tatum is born in May while they are living in London 2018: The couple announce their split, as they insist they are 'just two best-friends realising it’s time to take some space'

The pair eventually went on to marry in 2009, and share Everly, who was born in London in May 2013, while the couple lived there when Channing filmed Jupiter Rising alongside Mila Kunis.

Four years ago the beauty told Us Weekly: 'We make sure we get good date nights. You've got to get out and be around adults, and not be speaking in a baby voice all day long - just for your own sanity!'

At the same time, she also detailed how they find time for one another since Everly's arrival the previous year.

Jenna explained: 'As a whole, it just forces you to become a little closer, because you have to be on the same page with everything when it comes to making decisions.

Saddening: The couple frequented the red carpet during their romance, yet in the midst of their split they have not appeared together for six months (pictured at the the Dizzy Feet Foundation's Celebration of Dance as newlyweds in November 2009)

'It's just like everything else. You give it like: "Okay, I have this luncheon today, so you watch Everly and I have this dinner." You just become way better at planning!'

She added: 'It's been a great perspective change. The things that used to maybe worry me... were replaced by just caring and being there for this little baby.'

In the same year, in an interview with GQ, Channing confessed he believed himself to be an alcoholic before hinting his then-five year long marriage had not changed his wild ways at all as Jenna 'knew what she bought into'.

He said: 'My wife, that's what she bought into... I'm probably a pretty high-functioning, I guess, you know, I would say, alcoholic, I guess. There's probably a tendency to escape. I equate it to creativity, and I definitely equate it to having a good time.'

But Channing indicated that he did cut back on the partying after Jenna gave birth to Everly, and he pledged not to drink during the four months of filming that's required on the Magic Mike sequel: 'Then, at the end of that movie, it's go time'.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Heartbroken fans voice their devastation over the couple's split as social media ERUPTS with memes and tweets

Following their announcement, fans took to social media to voice devastation, with many insisting they feel 'true love is dead'.

Jenna and Channing's decision to travel 'different paths' left their fans heartbroken, with one reacting: 'I'm too upset about Channing and Jenna to function. I loved those two so much together.'

'I think school should be cancelled tomorrow, so we can mourn Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan relationship,' penned another openly upset follower of the couple.

Users soon responded to Jenna's post, to write: 'So sad for u both admiration to ye on the honesty & sharing a subject you should never hard to with the world, like u said 'no-ones perfect' love & postivity to you... Noooo please don't do this!!

'Now i believe that true love doesn't exist... Awe ... ok I am really sad and sorry you have to share this with the world, but a lot of people love you guys! Hope your space apart makes you both realize what you had! And if not, damn that was one hell of a great chapter!... Damn i mean.. just fight for your love...

'If u love each other u never can be apart!!never can breath without each other...!!... Good luck with your new adventures... Sad to hear but I understand. Much love to you both... Sending you all so much love at this time x'.

Romance: Fans soon swarmed social media to voice their devastation at the news

Referencing the time they competed against each other during an episode of Lip Sync Battle - which included a surprise appearance from Beyoncé - one wrote: '[News of their split] has ruined my whole night. I will be watching their Lip Sync Battles on repeat until I die. Goodnight.'

'Damn I mean.. Just fight for your love,' one fan wrote to Jenna. 'If u love each other u never can be apart!! Never can breath without each other!!'

Seemingly showing reluctant acceptance for the news, another said: 'Sad to hear but I understand. Much love to you both.'

Echoing that sentiment, another wrote to the actress: 'To acknowledge when your journeys are to continue on a separate path is a beautiful yet challenging experience.

'Stay true to yourselves, stay present among the transition and know that deep down, this decision is out of love and that is all there is Thank you for your grace and honesty xxx'