Jax Taylor, Brittany Cartwright, Lala Kent Slam James Kennedy The cast of Vanderpump Rules has some choice words for their costar James Kennedy following his performance during the season 7 premiere of the Bravo hit.

Related: ‘Vanderpump Rules’ Season 7: Everything We Know The best days of their lives! While fans may be concerned that the SURvers have matured over the years, Tom Sandoval and Tom Schwartz previously assured Us Weekly that the cast of Vanderpump Rules will still bring the drama for season 7. “Don’t worry. We still are complete disasters in other aspects of our lives. […]

“That’s pretty much what he does. That’s his MO. He needs to bring up things that happened years ago because there’s nothing for him to talk about,” Jax Taylor told Us Weekly exclusively when asked about James rapping about the former SUR bartender’s indiscretion with Faith Stowers in front of Jax’s fiancée, Brittany Cartwright, during the Monday, December 3, episode of Vanderpump Rules. “He doesn’t really have much going on in his life. There’s nothing there. There’s no substance to him. It gets to the point where it’s like, ‘What else do you got man?’ You’ve got nothing else anymore. We don’t really talk to him much anymore.”

Brittany, who accepted Jax’s proposal in the premiere, noted to Us that she has been “nothing but nice” to James, so he had no reason to embarrass her in front of her colleagues and the guests at SUR.

Related: Celebrities Obsessed With ‘Vanderpump Rules’ Jennifer Lawrence, Rihanna and Kristin Chenoweth are just a few of the celebrities who can’t get enough of Vanderpump Rules. The reality show, which premiered in 2013, follows the lives of Lisa Vanderpump and her SUR employees. Over the years, the SURvers have amassed their own fans, especially OG stars Stassi Schroeder, Jax Taylor, Kristen […]

“I was crying and, like, ran out,” the Kentucky native explained. “He tries to say that that was about Jax, but Jax wasn’t there. I was the one that was there, I was the one that was embarrassed in front of the entire crowd, not Jax. So him trying to be like, ‘That was about Jax,’ that doesn’t make sense. That’s no ground to stand on because I was the one who got hurt that day.”

Even Lala Kent, who used to be the DJ’s only ally on the Bravo series, is no longer friends with James after he went after her close friends and fiancé Randall Emmett.

“I guess, fortunately, it hasn’t affected my life in a negative way, not being friends with him. So I’m good,” Lala told Us. “He has always been an extremely verbally abusive friend to me and I always shook it off because I knew that it was coming from a hurt place and I knew it really only happened when he was under the influence. But when you start attacking someone who I’m going to spend the rest of my life with, you might as well be attacking my mother as well.”

Related: Biggest Feuds in Reality TV History Ever since reality TV began, one of the biggest draws has been the drama — specifically, the fighting that breaks out while the cameras are rolling. Through the years — from Laguna Beach and The Hills to the Real Housewives and beyond, the claws come out when action is called. Although Lauren Conrad butted heads […]

“It was just something that I couldn’t bounce back from,” she continued. “And now the people that I have in my world like Katie [Maloney], Kristen [Doute], Stassi [Schroeder], a friendship with James would never work because the people in my world don’t care for him. So I’ve moved on.”

Regarding the season premiere drama with James, Scheana Shay simply added, “Nothing with James surprises me.”

Vanderpump Rules airs on Bravo Mondays at 9 p.m. ET.