Selena Gomez wishes a happy birthday to 'super cool' Justin Bieber Selena Gomez wished her boyfriend Justin Bieber a happy 24th birthday Thursday.

'March 1, 1994 someone I know that happens to be super cool was born. Boom,' the Good For You songstress, 25, wrote on Instagram alongside a photo of herself smiling in a reclined position with a Polaroid photo on her head.

The Texas-born beauty and Canadian crooner have so far enjoyed a romance-filled 2018, as Selena was by his side in Jamaica when his father Jeremy, 42, exchanged vows with girlfriend Chelsey Rebelo, 30.

Scroll below for video

Shout out: Selena Gomez, 25, wished her boyfriend Justin Bieber a happy 24th birthday Thursday on Instagram

The Big Short actress has been hanging around Los Angeles this week, as she was seen headed toward a workout in Studio City, California on Wednesday, prior to a Mexican dinner with friends, then a trip with Bieber to Hillsong Church, the celeb-friendly placed of worship that counts Hollywood stars such as Kourtney Kardashian, Hailey Baldwin and Nick Jonas as its regular attendees.

Aside from her birthday message to Bieber, Gomez was in the news Thursday as her rumors of a feud between her and Demi Lovato - in particular over Gomez's friendship with Taylor Swift - were shot down by Demi’s mom, Dianna De La Garza.

'Demi and Selena love each other and always will love each other,' De La Garza, 55, told People Thursday. 'There’s nothing that will ever come between them.'

The two were childhood pals when working on the show Barney and Friends, De La Garza recalled.

So far, so good: The celebrity pairing, who have been on-and-off throughout the years, have enjoyed a romantic 2018 through the first two months of the year

All good: Selena posed in LA with Demi Lovato last fall. The singers 'love each other and always will love each other,' Demi's mom Dianna De La Garza told People Thursday

'She and Demi were auditioning for the same things because they were the same age, they were both Hispanic, they both had dark hair - so she ended up going to a lot of auditions with us,' De La Garza said. 'They started out together! We had some great times together. They will always will love each other.'

De La Garza recalled how Gomez was a regular at their home as a child.

'At one time, I was home-schooling my girls and her mom was working, so she would come over and home-school with my girls, and it was some of the best times of our lives,' De La Garza said. 'She was like a sister to my girls!'