Kim Kardashian defends dressing North in a corset dress Kim Kardashian has hit back at her critics after photos of North West wearing a dress that looks like a corset prompted outrage on social media.

Shocked users had earlier questioned why the reality star and her husband Kanye let their four-year-old daughter step out in the accessory.

North can be seen in photos taken earlier this week walking on the street in New York in what looked like a corset on top of a peach-colored dress. The outfit, which has a purple flower on it, wraps loosely around her chest and has laces crisscrossing in the front.

Kim said on Wednesday night the dress just looks like a corset and 'she would never' put her daughter in one.

'This dress that I did not design, I actually bought, is not a corset it’s just fabric on the front,' she said in a video.

Shocked: Photos of North West wearing a corset have prompted outrage on social media, with users wondering why Kim Kardashian and Kanye West let their step out in the accessory

Kim hit back at her haters Wednesday night, posting a video explaining the dress was just fabric

Kim showed off the dress in a short video she posted on Twitter Wednesday night, explaining it's 'just fabric'

'So, I think it’s really cute, I bought it from a designer and it’s just fabric people, it’s not a real corset.’

She also tweeted: 'I would never put my daughter in a corset! Relax it's a dress I bought that is fabric that laces up and looks like a corset!'

Corsets are designed to sexualize the female body and are often worn by burlesque dancers - and many social media users say the item is inappropriate for a child so young. The clothing cinches a woman's waist to make them look smaller and enhance their bottom.

Kim herself has advertised waist trainers, a type of corset, on social media, and credited them with helping shape her hourglass figure.

Doctors, however, have warned against waist trainers and pointed out that they could cause serious damage to internal organs.

Outfit: The four-year-old can be seen in a recent set of photos walking on the street with a corset on top of a peach-colored dress. The corset has laces crisscrossing in the front

Backlash: As photos of North wearing the corset began circulating on Instagram, some users slammed the outfit in concerned comments

Comments: Someone wondered how people could decide to dress 'babies' in corsets, while some called the accessory 'ridiculous' on a little girl

In North's case, social media users were outraged that Kim and Kanye could let their four-year-old daughter step out of the house wearing such an adult garment.

As photos of North wearing the corset began circulating on Instagram, some users slammed the outfit in concerned comments.

'This is a mess', one person wrote next to the pictures. 'Why is this baby wearing a corset?'

Someone else worried that the outfit might attract sexual predators, while some called the accessory 'ridiculous' on a little girl.

SOCIAL MEDIA USERS BASH NORTH WEST'S CORSET

'What has the world come to,' one person wondered. 'We are starting to dress babies in corsets and satin. Watch people say its [sic] a trend.'

One Instagram user, however, tried to defend the corset by pointing out it is sewn onto the dress and thus doesn't hurt anyone.

But another person shot back: 'Kids need their innocence protected and too many pedophiles will see this and God knows what will happen !! Kids can dress cool, but not sexual OK!'

Along with the contentious corset and dress, North wore a black hat and a pair of customized sneakers bearing her name written in pink letters.

Message: The social media firestorm came as Kim was forced to clear things up after some of her social media followers claimed to see lines of cocaine on a table in one of her posts

Family: Kim also has a one-year-old son, Saint, with Kanye. The family is pictured posing together in their Easter 2017 shot, which Kim shared on social media

Kim Kardashian has previously been seen wearing corsets and advertising them on social media

The social media firestorm came as Kim was forced to clear things up after some of her social media followers claimed to see lines of cocaine on a table in the background of one of her posts.

Kim shared a video on Twitter on Tuesday, explaining that the white streaks spotted on a black table at a hotel she's staying are just part of the table's marble stone.

On Monday, she initially suggested the streaks might be leftover sugar from some candy her kids were eating.

'Come on. I don't play like that,' she said. 'I have kids. It's just not my lifestyle. I've never been like that.'