Pete Davidson Returns to Instagram After Ariana Grande Split Welcome back! Pete Davidson returned to Instagram on Wednesday, November 28, nearly two months after calling off his engagement to Ariana Grande.

“See you at sundance muthaf—kas,” Davidson 25, wrote alongside photos of himself with costars in his upcoming film, Big Time Adolescence.

Related: Ariana Grande and Pete Davidson: The Way They Were Ariana Grande and Pete Davidson‘s whirlwind romance was over before fans could blink — but the short-lived relationship had many noteworthy moments. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails […]

The Saturday Night Live comedian made headlines in October for wiping his Instagram account clean days after he and Grande, 25, ended their four-month engagement, according to Daily Mail.

Davidson previously deleted his page in July, telling fans via his Story that there wasn’t anything “cryptic” about his decision, he just didn’t “want to be on Instagram anymore. or on any social media platform.”

Related: Ariana Grande’s Dating History: A Timeline of Her Exes and Flings Ariana Grande is no stranger to whirlwind romances and devastating breakups. During her search for The One, Grande thought she came close with Pete Davidson — whom she began dating after her split from late rapper Mac Miller. Us Weekly broke the news of Grande and Davidson’s engagement in June 2018 but the duo called […]

However, the Set It Up star returned to Instagram two months later with a video of himself filming paparazzi. “Hey, how are you? How are you guys doing? You guys look great,” he said in the clip. “Oh, welcome home.”

Although Davidson hasn’t turned to social media to address his breakup from the “Thank U, Next” songstress, he’s been open with fans during recent episodes of SNL. Earlier this month, Davidson praised his ex as “a wonderful, strong person.”

Related: Celebrity Splits of 2018 Calling it quits. Scroll through to see which celebs broke up with their significant others this year. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly Deal […]

Grande and Davidson’s whirlwind romance hit a rough patch in September following her ex-boyfriend Mac Miller’s death. A source exclusively told Us Weekly in October that Davidson “was 1000 percent there” for the “No Tears Left to Cry” crooner, but a second insider noted that Miller’s passing “put a tremendous amount of strain” on the relationship.