Russell Brand reflects on his ‘wonderful’ marriage to Katy Perry perry nice Russell Brand reflects on his ‘wonderful’ marriage to Katy Perry

RUSSELL Brand has pulled on his rose-tinted spectacles to reminisce about his “wonderful” marriage to popstar Katy Perry live on TV.

The comedian gushed over his former flame, who he famously dumped by text in 2011 after being married for just 14 months.

Russell, 42, appeared on US chat programme, The Wendy Williams Show, and heaped praise on the Teenage Dream singer.

Talking of their relationship, he said: “But it was a very, very wonderful time.

“She was lovely. She’s such a lovely person I’ve got nothing but love for her.”

The British-born stand-up, who looked trendy in a printed blouse, went on to give his take about her latest job as judge on American Idol.

He continued: “I don’t know much about American Idol or things like that.

“I certainly think that she’s probably a very good judge, so I certainly wouldn’t comment on how much she’s earning in the negative. I wish her all the best in all of her endeavours.”

Katy and Russell’s relationship was immediately thrust into the spotlight in the run-up to their nuptials in 2010.

Referring to the high-profile nature of their love, Russell added it was “difficult” to tell what exactly was going on behind closed doors.

Meanwhile, Russell is now a dad-of-one and married his wife Laura Gallacher this year.

Katy has again found love with a British hunk and rekindled her love with Hollywood star Orlando Bloom.

And it seems there really is no love lost between the pair.

Last month, Russell said he wanted to re-build bridges with the platinum-haired beauty and told Grazia magazine: “I’m willing and open for reconciliation, any kind.

“Because if we can’t overcome our relatively trivial personal disputes in this world, what hope is there for us?”

During their whirlwind romance Katy, now 32, and Russell got matching tattoos that read ‘Go with the flow’ in Sanskrit and Russell has now revealed he has no intention of removing it.

He told the magazine: “Of course I’m going to keep it.”

Katy previously told Vogue magazine that she hadn’t heard from her ex since he called it quits on their marriage.

She said: “He’s a very smart man, a magical man and I was in love with him when I married him.

“Let’s just say I haven’t heard from him since he texted me saying he was divorcing me December 31, 2011.”

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.

We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.