Camila Cabello Grammys speech is message to Dreamers and immigrants Sorry, this video isn't available any more.

Camila Cabello used her time on the Grammys stage to deliver a touching message to the Dreamers.

Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) – which gives temporary protection to undocumented migrants who arrived in the US as children – has been ended by President Donald Trump, with the program coming to an end in March.

And as she welcomed U2’s performance, Havana singer Camila praised the ‘dreamers’, talking about being an immigrant herself.

The 20-year-old said: ‘Tonight, in this room full of music’s dreamers, we remember that this country was made by dreamers, for dreamers, chasing the American dream. I’m here on this stage tonight because just like the Dreamers, my parents brought me to this country with nothing in their pockets but hope.

Camila gave a moving speech about her immigrant parents Picture: Kevin Winter/Getty Images for NARAS)

‘They showed me what it means to work twice as hard and never give up.

‘And honestly no part of my journey is any different from theirs. I’m a proud, Cuban-Mexican immigrant, born in eastern Havana, standing in front of you on the Grammy stage in New York City.

‘And all I know is that just like dreams, these kids can’t be forgotten and are worth fighting for.’

The sweet message was welcomed with applause from the audience, with Beyonce seen clapping Camila’s words.

The former Fifth Harmony member performed alongside Kesha earlier in the night, along with Cyndi Lauper, Bebe Rexha, Julia Michaels, Andra Day and the Resistance Revival Chorus.

The ladies provided backing vocals to Kesha as she sang her emotional track Praying, with the singer breaking down in tears at the end of the performance.

The Grammys saw a number of powerful speeches – Janelle Monae spoke out in support of Time’s Up, while Logic supported those affected by suicide and also hit back at Donald Trump’s ‘shithole countries’ comment during his performance of 1-800-273-8255.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

Arrow MORE: Hillary Clinton delivers Fire And Fury against Donald Trump in hilarious Grammys skit