Meghan Markle Was a Briefcase Model on ‘Deal or No Deal’ Throwback! Before Meghan Markle stole Prince Harry’s heart — and America’s as Rachel Zane on Suits — she was a briefcase model on Deal or No Deal.

Related: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Are Engaged: A Timeline of Their Relationship Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s relationship has been on the world’s radar ever since they started dating in 2016. The pair announced their engagement in November 2017 and tied the knot the following May at St George’s Chapel in Windsor, England. They went on to welcome their son, Archie, in May 2019, the same month they […]

Markle’s job as one of the models on stage was to reveal the amount of money in the briefcase after the contestant picked a number. The bride-to-be appeared on the former NBC game show during the 2006-2007 season.

The Suits actress, 36, opened up about her time doing odd jobs during an interview with Esquire before getting her role on the USA hit in 2011.

“I would put that in the category of things I was doing while I was auditioning to try to make ends meet. I went from working in the U.S. Embassy in Argentina to ending up on Deal,” Markle told the publication in 2013. “It’s run the gamut. Definitely working on Deal or No Deal was a learning experience, and it helped me to understand what I would rather be doing.”

Markle also spoke about working as a freelance calligrapher.

Related: Meghan Markle Through the Years Meghan Markle has come a long way from her California roots. The daughter of retired lighting director Thomas Markle and former makeup artist Doria Ragland got her start in showbiz with a single-episode appearance on soap opera General Hospital. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid […]

“I’ve always had a propensity for getting the cursive down pretty well,” she explained. “What it evolved into was my pseudo-waitressing job when I was auditioning. I didn’t wait tables. I did calligraphy for the invitations, for, like, Robin Thicke and Paula Patton’s wedding.”

Markle met Harry, 33, in July 2016, but the newly engaged pair did not confirm their relationship until that November. Palace officials revealed in a statement on Tuesday, November 28, that Markle and Harry will get married at St. George’s Chapel at Windsor Castle in England in May 2018.

During her first joint interview with Harry on Monday, November 27, Markle revealed she would be retiring from acting.

“I think what’s been so exciting [transitioning] out of my career and into, as you said, the causes I can focus even more energy on, very early out of the gate, [is that you] have a voice that people listen to, a lot of responsibility,” Markle said.

Related: The Most Amazing Royal Wedding Dresses Ever There's nothing more glamorous than a royal wedding—except for the royal wedding dress! Click through to see Us Weekly's favorite royal wedding dresses on Kate Middleton, Queen Letizia of Spain, Princess Madeleine of Sweden, and more!

“I see it is a new change, a new chapter,” she continued. “I’ve been working on my show seven years, we were so fortunate to have that longevity, and I feel like I checked that box and am very proud of the work I’ve done there.”