Katie Holmes shows off her long locks after wearing wig to Met Gala Looks like Katie Holmes has fooled us all.

On Monday the 36-year-old actress teased on Instagram that she was getting a severe hair cut. Hours later the ex-wife of Tom Cruise stepped onto the red carpet for NYC's Met Gala with a short bob and bangs.

After talk that brunette beauty could have been wearing a wig, the Dawson's Creek alum confirmed on Tuesday it was indeed fake hair as she showed up to an Alterna Haircare event with her signature long locks.

Scroll down for video...

Back to long: Katie Holmes confirmed on Tuesday while attending the Alterna Haircare event in NYC that she did not cut her locks for the Met Gala but instead wore a wig

New 'do? NO! The 36-year-old actress debuted a new blunt cut bob on the red carpet at Monday night's Met Gala, but it was not real

At the Alterna event Katie wore a white blouse and worn-in tight jeans that showed off her slim frame.

High beige and white heels made her appear extremely tall. At one point she stood on a mirrored table, making her look even taller.

The rumoured love of Jamie Foxx had bracelets on both wrists.

Trickster: At the Alterna event Katie wore a white blouse and worn-in tight jeans that showed off her slim frame; she also had on two bracelets

Interesting pose: High beige and white heels made her appear extremely tall. At one point she stood on a mirrored table, making her look even taller

Sneaky star: The looker, who is active on Twitter, got a lot of attention for her fake haircut; here she looks sultry with her wavy curls

At the Met Gala the Batman Begins star paired the new hair style with a showstopping backless Zac Posen gown.

It was sleeveless and went to the floor as it flared out.

The glittery dress appeared to have little clouds or flowers on the bottom.

Katie flashed plenty of flesh which showed off her toned arms and back.

The new grown-up sharp style emphasizes the pretty star's striking cheekbones and jaw-line.

She had a similar cut when daughter Suri was just a toddler and still married to the Top Gun star.

Sharp: The 36-year-old actress opted for a total transformation, by chopping hair above her shoulders with heavy bangs

Stunning: Katie flashed plenty of flesh in the sparkling black floor-length dress which showed off her toned arms and back as she arrived with the dress's designer, Zac Posen

Flashback! The cut was extremely similar to the style she sported in 2007 while still married to Tom Cruise

Her longtime friend: Katie and Zac have known each other for many years

Back to basics: The Dawson's Creek star showed off a large cut-out in the back of her dress

Don't fall over: Posen, dressed in a suit and tie, held onto the star's waist as she looked around

She's back: Katie flashed her toned back in the sparkling black gown with cut-out detail

The star said she dramatically decided to 'chop' her long brunette locks shortly before Monday night's party in Manhattan.

'Chop Chop! #MetGala #BTS BIG transformation!' her hair stylist DJ Quintero captioned the Instagram.

Holmes did a handstand as DJ - born Domingo - held his scissors against her wet ponytail.

She led us all astray: The Kennedys actress made it seem as if she was going for a big chop on Monday

It looks like she is getting her hair butchered: Oddly the Ohio native stood on her hands as hair stylist DJ Quintero seemed to cut off her mane

This was obviously all fake: The stylist looked like he was cutting off her hair to a bob in this strange image, but he ended up not doing it