Danny Amendola reportedly couldn't handle Olivia Culpo's lifestyle Tanya Ray Fox

USA TODAY Sports

March 27, 2018, 1:31 p.m. ET

Olivia Culpo was a New England Patriots fan long before she met and fell in love with Danny Amendola, so perhaps the death knell sounded on their relationship when he joined the rival Miami Dolphins. Everyone of a certain age who grew up in New England had a dad or an uncle with a fading "Squish the Fish" t-shirt from 1986 -- and it can be difficult to shake those cultural ties.

Of course, the more likely scenario is that the two grown adults found their relationship untenable for a variety of reasons that had less to do with the uniform he now wears and more to do with the fact that they're now based in two different cities.

Related

Danny Amendola continues to be 'really happy' to be a Miami Dolphin

A source told Us Weekly that "[the breakup] had to do with the distance and them barely seeing each other" because Culpo had no intention of moving to Miami, adding that he wasn't thrilled with her nude photo shoot in Sports Illustrated.

Expert NFL picks: Exclusive betting insights only at USA TODAY.

Another source who spoke with E! News compounded the drama, claiming that Amendola was unhappy with Olivia's life choices.

Via Eonline.com:

"Danny couldn't handle Olivia's demanding lifestyle and wasn't pleased with certain choices she was making," says the source. "The constant travel was also causing a rift."

Culpo, a Rhode Island native who rose to fame after being crowned Miss USA and then Miss Universe in 2012, lives in the Northeast and has a very busy career as a model. Amendola is an NFL wide receiver. The fact that the two made it as long as they did was a miracle, honestly.

At least we'll always have this iconic moment:

More Patriots News!

Browns GM makes admission on Patriots hiring Mike Vrabel as head coach

Veteran LB makes admission after watching 2004 Patriots defense

Patriots free agent CB reveals private conversation with Mike Vrabel