Here’s a Step-by-Step Guide to How I Apply My Makeup Every Day Learning how to apply makeup isn't as simple as it seems—and watching complicated YouTube tutorials can only make you more confused. Does foundation go before or after concealer? Should you put your eyeshadow on first or last? The truth: It’s pretty much all up to personal preference. But after years of being a beauty editor and talking to makeup pros, I’ve found a layering technique that works perfectly for me. For example, I fill in my brows before putting on foundation, since it’s one of the most important steps in my full routine. (So if I’m rushing at the end of my makeup routine, at least my brows will be done.) I also put on setting spray before mascara because I’ve ruined one too many makeup looks with runny black streaks doing it the other way around.

I recommend this same application sequence to my girlfriends when I’m giving impromptu lessons in the bathroom before we go out, but don't worry—you can remove and add steps as you see fit. For instance, I spend more time in areas like brows and highlighter, but you might want to focus your efforts on your eye makeup. I also edit based on how much time I have. I only have five minutes? Then I’m priming, concealing, adding some blush and highlighter, and putting on a quick brow. If I’ve got an entire hour to prep, then I’m going all out. Really, you can customize this guide to fit your needs. Consider this a makeup beginner’s outline to layering your makeup, step by step.

Step 1: Moisturize or apply a primer.

Kardashian favorite Mario Dedivanovic says using a hydrating cream before makeup helps all the powders and products you apply on top sink into the skin, making your makeup look less cakey. Since I prefer a dewy makeup look, I spray my face with a mist like MAC Prep + Prime Fix+ ($26). Then I massage in an illuminating primer or oil like Farsali Unicorn Essence ($54). You don’t have to use a product that is marketed as a primer; any moisturizer will do.