Rihanna 'enjoys a quiet dinner with billionaire ex-boyfriend Hassan Jameel' It's her favorite dining spot, with Rihanna a regular at the upscale Giorgio Baldi restaurant in beach town Santa Monica.

And it seems the pop star picked the Italian eatery as the perfect spot to catch up with her billionaire Saudi Arabian ex-boyfriend Hassan Jameel on Tuesday night.

A source told DailyMail.com that the two arrived 'surrounded by bodyguards and entered the restaurant's private room through the back door, before spending three hours at dinner.'

Back on? Rihanna 'enjoys a quiet dinner with billionaire ex-boyfriend Hassan Jameel' (not pictured) at her favorite Italian spot in Santa Monica on Tuesday night

Undercover date night: A source told DailyMail.com that the two arrived 'surrounded by bodyguards and entered the restaurant's private room through the back door'

Pictures showed Rihanna dressed in a black coat and gold necklace, her hair worn loose over her shoulders as she arrived.

Not pictured was Hassan, 30. However he was seen by eagle-eyed fans at an event Rihanna attended the previous day.

As she was photographed smiling and posing on Monday at an event for the electric car maker Rivian - in which Jameel is an investor - observant commentators pointed out her former love in the background of the snaps.

As she was photographed smiling and posing at an event on Monday for the electric car maker Rivian - in which Jameel is an investor - observant commentators pointed out her former love in the background of the snaps; he is seen, third from left

Keeping watch: Rihanna poses with Rivian CEO RJ Scaringe on Monday; to his left is the same bodyguard that then watched over Rihanna on Tuesday night

Also seen watching over the scene was a bodyguard, who was again pictured with Rihanna on Tuesday night.

It was reported in June that Needed Me hitmaker Rihanna had split from Saudi Arabian businessman Jameel, her boyfriend of a year.

The two were then pictured together in Puerto Vallarta in Mexico in July, but were seen involved in a heated argument - which she later implied on Instagram had been about the World Cup.

Spotted: Rihanna and Jameel at the Rivian event on Monday

The couple first made headlines in June 2017 when they were pictured putting on a steamy display in a hot tub in Spain.

Rihanna never publicly confirmed the relationship - or indeed the split - but referred to a serious relationship in interviews.

'I used to feel guilty about taking personal time, but I also think I never met someone who was worth it before.' she told Vogue for its May issue this year.

Divorcee Hassan comes from one of the world's richest families, and is the heir to the $2.2bn Abdul Latif Jameel fortune. Before Rihanna, he was linked to British supermodel Naomi Campbell, while she dated Chris Brown, Leonardo DiCaprio and Drake.