Justin Bieber Seen With Baskin Champion Amid Selena Gomez Break Is Justin Bieber already moving on? Just a few weeks after taking a break from on-off girlfriend Selena Gomez, the “Friends” singer was spotted with a mystery blonde woman. Us Weekly can reveal that she is model Baskin Champion, whose sister Abby Champion is dating Bieber’s BFF Patrick Schwarzenegger.

Related: Justin Bieber’s Complete Dating History Justin Bieber's relationship with Selena Gomez is probably his most famous romance, but it certainly isn't his only one — scroll through the gallery to see a complete list of his hookups.

Bieber, 24, and the 2014 Miss Alabama Teen USA winner, 22, attended Craig David’s concert at the Roxy Theatre in West Hollywood on Tuesday, March 20. At the end of the show, the Canadian crooner hopped on stage to show some support for the British singer-songwriter, 36, telling the audience, “I got so much love for him. I look up to him. He’s an amazing guy and an incredible artist.”

An eyewitness told Entertainment Tonight that Bieber spent most of the night hanging out with Baskin in a VIP section. He was reportedly spotted with his arm wrapped around her waist as she danced on him.

Related: Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez: A Timeline of Their On-Off Relationship Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez had their fair share of ups and downs over the years amid an on-and-off romance. The “Baby” singer and the Only Murders in the Building star were first linked in 2011 after previously claiming their connection was purely platonic. The twosome made their official red carpet debut at the Vanity Fair Oscars party that […]

The pair were previously seen together while leaving Avenue nightclub in Hollywood with Abby, 21, and Schwarzenegger, 24, in the early hours of Friday, March 16, after attending the Midnight Sun premiere.

As previously reported, a source told Us exclusively earlier this month that Bieber and Gomez, 25, pressed pause on their relationship “mainly because of Selena’s mom and her disapproval of Justin.” They dated on and off from 2011 to 2014 before reuniting in November after her split from The Weeknd, her boyfriend of nearly 10 months.

Related: Justin Bieber’s Biggest Scandals Ever Chalk it up to growing pains? Justin Bieber's transition from squeaky-clean teen phenom to a shirtless, controversy-courting young man has been anything but seamless. Here, Us Weekly chronicles the Biebs' craziest scandals — from an insensitive visit to the Anne Frank House to a mysterious night with a Brazilian woman (complete with a snoozing Bieber video clip!).

Meanwhile, the Disney alum was most recently seen spending time with her friends in Sydney, Australia.