'Total Bellas' Sets Season 3 Premiere Date, Drops Trailer (Video) 

The First Family of WWE is returning to E! on May 20 with an all new season of “Total Bellas” and this one appears even more dramatic than the first two — if that’s even possible.

The trailer for Season 3 dropped Thursday, and from the looks of things, the Bella Twins — Nikki and Brie — and their husbands John Cena and Daniel Bryan are letting the cameras dive deep into their lives outside of the ring, to the point where tears start flowing.

This season will follow Nikki Bella and Cena through their ups and downs as they plan their wedding and face the challenges that go into preparing for the big day. Meanwhile, new parents Brie Bella and Daniel Bryan navigate balancing work obligations with being home for their daughter’s “firsts.” Between wedding preparations and motherhood, the Bella Twins also continue to build their brand and expand their business ventures, all while planning their long-awaited WWE comeback.

At the start of the third installment of the reality series, Brie Bella decides that she wants to join her sister and John Cena in San Diego, but faces resistance from her husband, Daniel Bryan, who is not interested in moving.

As the wedding creeps closer and plans are being finalized, thinking about the future forces Nikki and John to have a truly honest conversation about major life decisions that they don’t see eye to eye on (namely, having kids). Meanwhile after two years of extensive evaluations, Daniel Bryan gets the exciting news he has been waiting for; he is cleared by WWE to return to in-ring competition.

“The Bella Twins are exemplary of the strong, inspiring women that resonate with our audience,” said Amy Introcaso-Davis, E!s Executive Vice President of Development and Production. “E! has been there for the most pivotal moments in the Bella Twins’ lives and we are thrilled to continue following Nikki and Brie’s thriving careers, and all the heartwarming moments in their personal lives.”

“Total Bellas” is executive produced by Kevin Dunn for WWE, with Gil Goldschein, Russell Jay and Farnaz Farjam Chazan executive producing under the Bunim/Murray Productions banner. Nikki Bella and Brie Bella also have executive producing credits.

Watch the trailer above.

“Total Bellas” Season 3 premieres on May 20 at 9/8 c on E!