Carla Bruni, 50, rocks tight leather trousers in NYC She recently made a return to music following her husband Nicolas Sarkozy's retirement from politics.

And former First Lady of France Carla Bruni cemented her revived singing career with a sensational performance in New York City's Town Hall on Friday.

The 50-year-old Italian beauty looked far younger than her years in tight leather leggings as she took to the stage following the release of her first album in four years French Touch.

Amazing: Former First Lady of France Carla Bruni looked far younger than her years in tight leather trousers as she took to the stage for an intimate gig in New York's Town Hall on Friday

Carla rocked a simple all-black look for the intimate performance, teaming her leather trousers with a sequinned blazer and tight-fitting t-shirt.

Later in the gig Carla swapped her sparkly jacket for a similar blazer, though this one was a classic black.

The mother-of-two finished off her look with simple black ankle boots, and kept makeup to a minimum to showcase her flawless complexion.

Carla made a sensational return to music late last year, after the release of her first English-language album French Touch in October, which also features a selection of cover songs.

Sensational: Carla rocked a simple all-black look, following a return to music late last year with her first English-language album of cover songs

Legend: Carla was the First Lady of France during the Presidency of husband Nicolas Sarkozy, who left the position in 2012

Carla was First Lady of France from her marriage to Nicolas, 63, in 2008 until his departure from the Presidency in 2012, and has continued to feature in the French spotlight despite her husband's plans to retire from public life.

The former model also chatted with Vanity Fair about her new music ahead of her performance in New York, revealing she collaborated with producer David Foster after the pair bonded over drinks.

She said: '[David] came to my concert and we had a drink. The next day after, we had another drink and a cup of tea.

New vibe: Carla spoke to Vanity Fair about her new album on Friday, in which she collaborated with producer David Foster

Superstar: Carla also said in the interview that one of her favourite songs was the Audrey Hepburn classic Moon River

'The next day, he said he liked my music and voice, but doesn't understand a word of my lyrics. Then he said to me, 'Let's make an album with English songs.''

Speaking about one of her favourite songs, Carla confesses she admired the Audrey Hepburn classic Moon River.

She added: 'It's such a charming moment – she's so incredibly graceful and lovely, but she didn't realize [it]. She only focused on the fact that she wasn't a good singer. She wasn't Adele, obviously, but she was great.'