'Wonder Woman' Among AFI's Top Movies, TV Shows for 2017 The American Film Institute has picked its 10 best movies and TV shows of the year. The titles, presented in alphabetical order, are works AFI’s juries have determined advance the art of the moving image, enhance the cultural heritage of America’s art form, inspire audiences and artists and make a mark on American society.

In addition to the 20 honorees, AFI is giving a special award to PBS’ Ken Burns documentary series The Vietnam War.

“At a time when the world seems defined by division, storytellers bring us together as one,” AFI president and CEO Bob Gazzale said Thursday in a statement. “AFI Awards is honored to celebrate this community of artists who challenge and inspire us, entertain and enlighten us — ultimately reminding us of our common heartbeat.”

This year’s juries were chaired by AFI board of trustees vice chairs Tom Pollock (for film) and Richard Frank (for TV). Other jury members included Judd Apatow, Halle Berry, Jamie Lee Curtis, Leonard Maltin, authors and scholars representing prestigious universities with recognized motion picture arts and TV programs and film and TV critics from media outlets like NPR, Rolling Stone, TV Guide and The Washington Post. Apatow, who is a producer of The Big Sick, recused himself from voting on that film.

Two years ago, the AFI delayed voting on its year-end list to give critics a chance to see Star Wars: The Force Awakens, which it subsequently included on its list of the 10 best films of 2015. However, this year, the latest Star Wars film, The Last Jedi, which hits theaters on Dec. 15, was nowhere to be found on AFI’s list.

The honorees will be recognized at a Jan. 5 luncheon in Los Angeles.

The full list of this year’s honorees follows.

AFI Movies of the Year

The Big Sick

Call Me by Your Name

Dunkirk

The Florida Project

Get Out

Lady Bird

The Post

The Shape of Water

Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri

Wonder Woman

AFI TV Programs of the Year

Big Little Lies

The Crown

Feud: Bette and Joan

Game of Thrones

The Good Place

The Handmaid’s Tale

Insecure

Master of None

Stranger Things 2

This is Us

AFI Special Award

The Vietnam War