Everything Meghan Markle Wore on Her Royal Tour The many royal-tour looks of Meghan Markle. Photo: Getty Images

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have just wrapped up their first official royal tour (as parents-to-be), which entailed 16 days of traveling across Australia, New Zealand, Fiji, and Tonga for diplomatic (and also apparently fashion) purposes.

Luckily for us, the royal couple attended more than 70 engagements total during their tour, with Meghan wearing around 30 different ensembles over the course of the trip. Fittingly, as soon as Meghan and Prince Harry landed in Sydney on October 15, the Duchess of Sussex immediately drew even more attention than usual with her sartorial choices — although in fairness, she was carrying binders at first, which was confusing.

But with so many events, outfit changes, and of course, her pregnancy, all eyes were on Meghan. Here’s a look at all of Meghan’s outfits from the tour.

Meghan landed in Sydney on October 15 in a black-and-maroon jacket, black heels, a black turtleneck, and black tailored pants (and binders).

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry in Sydney. Photo: Newspix/Newspix via Getty Images

For her first official tour stop on October 16, Meghan opted for an ivory “Blessed” dress by Australian designer Karen Gee, butterfly earrings previously worn by Princess Diana, and Stuart Weitzman “Legend” pumps.

Meghan Markle. Photo: Pool/Getty Images

She then put on a trench coat over her Karen Gee dress.

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. Photo: Mark Metcalfe/Getty Images

Meghan ended the day in an olive-green pleated button-up skirt dress by Brandon Maxwell.

Meghan Markle in Brandon Maxwell. Photo: Andrew Parsons / i-Images/WireImage

The duchess kicked off day two of the royal tour in Dubbo, Australia, where she wore opted for a casual look (which is fitting as she went to a farm): black jeans by Outland Denim (an Australian brand), a white button-down by Maison Kitsuné, boots from J. Crew, and perhaps most notably, a $145 gray blazer from her friend Serena Williams’s line.

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. Photo: Pool/Getty Images

On day three, the consistently affectionate duo traveled to Melbourne, where Meghan’s Martin Grant trench coat made another appearance.

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry in Melbourne. Photo: Pool/Getty Images

Meghan later took off her trench to reveal a navy dress by Australian designer Dion Lee.

Meghan Markle in Dion Lee. Photo: Chris Jackson/Getty Images

Meghan also changed out of her navy dress and into a black Club Monaco frock (with buttons) in Melbourne – but kept her beloved trench on.

Meghan Markle in Club Monaco. Photo: Scott Barbour/Getty Images

She also threw on her black Rothy’s flats to walk in the sand (as we assume heels would be absolutely impossible).

Meghan’s Rothy’s. Photo: Chris Jackson/Getty Images

Meghan and Prince Harry headed to Bondi Beach in Sydney on day four of their tour, where she shared some positive vibes while wearing a Martin Grant dress.

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on Bondi Beach. Photo: Ryan Pierse/Getty Images

She changed into a Roksanda dress to visit a school later.

Meghan Markle. Photo: Pool/Getty Images

On day five, Meghan wore a dress by Emilia Wickstead and a Philip Treacy hat as she and Prince Harry (clad in official military dress) visited the Anzac Memorial.

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. Photo: Ian Vogler/Getty Images

That same day, Meghan wore a white Altuzarra blazer, an Invictus Games shirt, black jeans, and cool shades by Illesteva.

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry at the Invictus Games. Photo: Chris Jackson/Getty Images for the Invictus Ga

At night, during the opening ceremony of the Invictus Games Sydney 2018, she opted for a Stella McCartney dress (that she wore before).

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry at the Invictus Games. Photo: Chris Jackson/Getty Images for the Invictus Ga

Though it was announced that Meghan would be reducing some of her duties during the trip, she still attended an Invictus reception lunch on day six, wearing black jeans, a black turtleneck, a white pinstripe blazer by L’Agence, and an Oroton bag.

Here they are. Photo: Chris Jackson/Getty Images for the Invictus Ga

She changed into some Veja sneakers to go on a boat.

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on a boat. Photo: Chris Jackson/Getty Images for the Invictus Ga

The next day, the couple headed to Fraser Island, where she donned a Reformation dress.

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. Photo: Chris Jackson/Getty Images

When the couple touched down in Fiji, Meghan wore a white custom Zimmermann dress and a hat by Stephen Jones.

Meghan Markle in Fiji. Photo: Andrew Parsons / i-Images/Getty Images

She also sported a gorgeous blue Safiyaa cape dress to an official dinner.

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry in Fiji. Photo: Ian Vogler/Getty Images

On Tuesday, October 23, to attend a climate change performance and give a speech on education, Meghan wore a pink print Figue dress.

Meghan Markle in Fiji. Photo: Pool/Getty Images

For her final appearance in Fiji, Meghan wore a Jason Wu dress.

Meghan Markle’s last Fiji look. Photo: Chris Jackson/Getty Images

Arriving in Tonga, Meghan wore a red dress by Self Portrait.

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry arriving in Tonga. Photo: Chris Jackson/Getty Images

Meghan looked extremely bridal in a custom white Theia dress to a formal reception (which she paired with Princess Diana’s aquamarine ring, as she also wore during her royal wedding reception).

Meghan Markle, looking extremely bridal. Photo: Pool/Samir Hussein/WireImage

She donned into another Martin Grant dress for an event with the prime minister of Tonga.

Meghan Markle in Martin Grant, again. Photo: Pool/Getty Images

And of course, she then changed again – into a blue shirtdress by Veronica Beard and heels by Banana Republic while visiting a forest conservation.

Meghan Markle in Veronica Beard. Photo: Pool/Getty Images

Back in Sydney, Meghan went full movie star glam in Oscar de la Renta.

Meghan Markle in Oscar de la Renta. Photo: Paul Edwards/Getty Images

Still in Australia, she wore a Scanlan Theodore wrap jacket, black Outland jeans, and Sarah Flint heels to an Invictus Games event.

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle at the Invictus Games. Photo: Chris Jackson/Getty Images for the Invictus Ga

To wrap up the Invictus Games, Meghan wore an olive Antonio Berardi tuxedo dress and heels by Aquazzura.

Meghan Markle at the Invictus Games. Photo: Mark Kolbe/Getty Images for the Invictus Ga

En route to New Zealand, Meghan wore a belted Boss jersey dress and those same Aquazzura heels at the airport. She was also carrying a handbag by Cuyana.

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry at the airport. Photo: RICK RYCROFT/AFP/Getty Images

Landing in New Zealand, Meghan wore a plaid trench by Karen Walker and a black maternity dress by ASOS.

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle in New Zealand. Photo: HAGEN HOPKINS/AFP/Getty Images

She then changed into a black cocktail dress by Gabriela Hearst to deliver a powerful speech on feminism and the importance of voting.

Meghan’s speech. Photo: Pool/Getty Images

The next day, we saw her in a Jac + Jack turtleneck, black jeans, Stuart Weitzman boots, and a Club Monaco coat.

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. Photo: Chris Jackson/Getty Images

She changed into Adidas by Stella McCartney sneakers and weather appropriate outerwear later on.

A very outdoorsy royal couple. Photo: ROBERT KITCHIN/STUFF/Getty Images

Then we saw Meghan in a white tuxedo dress by Maggie Marilyn.

A fitting scene. Photo: Dominic Lipinski/Getty Images

Meghan swapped her Martin Grant trench for a Burberry coat, and paired it with a nude Brandon Maxwell dress.

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. Photo: Chris Jackson/Getty Images

She also put on some J.Crew jeans, a Karen Walker blazer, and some black wellies by the Original Muck Boot Company while in Auckland.

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. Photo: Phil Walter/Getty Images

Attending a reception, Meghan re-wore an outfit we saw her wear at a polo event with Prince Harry in May 2017. At the time, though, the pics of the dress were taken from far away, so this appearance was our first clear image of the navy Antonio Berardi dress.

Meghan Markle. Photo: Ian Vogler/Getty Images

On the final day of the royal tour, Meghan started out in a navy Stella McCartney dress (and a traditional Korowai robe).

Meghan Markle at an event in New Zealand. Photo: Chris Jackson/Getty Images

She then changed into blue Givenchy separates. The skirt unfortunately appeared to be slightly sheer when photographed.

Meghan Markle in Givenchy. Photo: Dominic Lipinski/Getty Images

Finally, Meghan wrapped up the royal tour in flats, black pants, and Prince Harry’s puffy Norrøna Oslo coat.

Meghan Markle in Prince Harry’s coat. Photo: Chris Jackson/Getty Images

This post has been updated.