Shannon Beador, 54, reveals her new boyfriend is wealthy widower Scot Matteson, 58 She has moved on from her nasty split from her husband of 17 years.

And Shannon Beador, 54, has officially gone public with her new man Scot Matteson, 58, flaunting him while on a recent business trip to New York City together.

The Real Housewives of Orange County star jetted off to promote the Bravo hit's new season, and brought her beau along with her.

New love: Shannon Beador, 54, has officially gone public with her new man Scot Matteson, 58, flaunting him on Instagram by posting photos of their recent business trip to New York City together

On Tuesday, Shannon shared a photo of her and Scot on Instagram that showed her beaming as they enjoyed a nice dinner together in New York at the Plaza Hotel.

'Lunch with old friends in NYC! Having a ball! @bret.matteson @scotmattesonshe,' the California native captioned the shot of them snuggling up at dinner.

The date night did not end there. The duo then attended a party with their Big Apple friends.

The following day, Shannon, whose divorce from David Beador is currently playing out on her reality TV show, revealed she was so excited to be headed to Broadway for a showing of Dear Evan Hansen.

Social media official: 'Lunch with old friends in NYC! ❤️ Having a ball! @bret.matteson @scotmattesonshe,' the California native captioned a shot of her enjoying dinner with her new guy and his brother

Scot is a co-founding partner of Centurion Partners, LLC, which is a corporation that develops real estate properties in the United states.

The blonde bombshell is a mother of three girls, while Scot has two teen daughters of his own, Brooke and Brittany.

Scot's late wife, Kimberly Ann, passed away in 2014 at just 37-years-old.

Impressive: Scot is a co-founding partner of Centurion Partners, LLC, which is a corporation that develops real estate properties in the United states

Shannon filed for divorce from David in December 2017, two months after the reality TV personality announced they had separated.

She shares daughters Sophie, 16, and 14-year-old twins Stella and Adeline with David.

The beauty's RHOC co-star Kelly Dodd recently spoke to Us Weekly about Shannon's new boyfriend.

Ex-husband: Shannon filed for divorce from David Beador in December 2017, two months after the reality TV personality announced they had separated

She admitted that she's actually really good friends with his ex-wife.

'I'm actually good friends with his ex-wife. I just went to a 50th birthday party with her. And Scot's really nice, he's a nice guy, I like him.'

She added: 'They both have things in common. They're both the same age. They both like to drink. … They like to travel.'

Friends? Shannon's RHOC co-star Kelly Dodd recently spoke to Us Weekly about Shannon's new boyfriend and admitted that she's actually good friends with his ex-wife

While that friendship may lead to awkward situations between the co-workers in the future, Kelly declared there's no drama there.

'The ex-wife is, like, done with him,' Dodd said.

'She wants him to move on, have a good life. She doesn't have, like she doesn't harbor any ill feelings towards him. She's like, actually my girlfriend Samantha goes, 'Actually Scott and Shannon would be a great, great match.'