Adam Levine Spoils Pregnant Behati Prinsloo With This Sweet Treats on Valentine's Day The pic, which is posted on Instagram, sees the pregnant model reclining on a bed as she enjoys the chocolate from her husband.

AceShowbiz -

Another couple who celebrates Valentine's Day together is Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo. In honor of the special day, the Maroon 5 frontman decided to treat his pregnant wife to Valentine's Day chocolate.

In a photo that was posted on Instagram, Behati could be seen reclining on a bed as she enjoyed the chocolate which Adam bought her. The pregnant model also appeared to be make-up free as she put her hair in a bun and displayed her growing baby bump. She covered her mouth with her hand as she mischievously stared at the camera.

"My maniac," Adam simply captioned the pic, adding a lot of heart emojis. As of now, the pic has garnered over 700,000 likes.

My maniac. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Sebuah kiriman dibagikan oleh Adam Levine (@adamlevine) pada 14 Peb 2018 jam 4:36 PST

The couple announced that they are expecting their second child last September, with Behati sharing on Instagram a mirror bathroom selfie of herself baring her baby bump in a bikini. She captioned the pic, "Round 2...."

Adam revealed the gender of the unborn baby during his visit to "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" on November 7. "It's a girl, we're having another girl," he told host Ellen DeGeneres, adding that he and Behati wanted to have a big family one day. "I want a lot [of kids], I thrive in chaos. She was an only child, so she wants like 100 babies. I don't know if I can do that. That's a lot of babies."

Adam and Behati tied the knot in 2014 and welcomed their first daughter named Dusty Rose in September 2016. They made their first appearance as a family with little Dusty at Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony a year later.

"I have a daughter, I have the most beautiful wife in the entire world. I am one of the luckiest people who's ever lived and it has nothing to do with me," Adam told the crowd at the time. "It has to do with the people who love me the most and so, I thank all of those people. I can't do it individually, but I thank you all."