Selena Gomez Is 'Surprised' by How Much People Love '13 Reasons Why' Selena Gomez has a lot of feelings about the success of her executive-produced series 13 Reasons Why, but it is, of course, a cause she believes in deeply.

In a recent interview at WE Day (where she was hosting) she told E! News that she is "a little overwhelmed and very surprised" about the way people have responded to the show, which tells the story about a teen who dies by suicide and how her classmates cope with the loss. Though a lot of people have watched and talked about the show, many mental health professionals are cautioning against the way it depicts issues like suicide and sexual assault. One thing's for sure: it's definitely gotten people talking.

"I mean I believed in the project for so long and I understood what the message was," Selena explained. "I just wanted it to come across in a way that kids would be frightened, but confused — in a way that they would talk about it because it's something that's happening all the time. So, I'm overwhelmed that's it's doing as well as it's doing."

Plenty of people have been wondering if 13 Reasons Why will be returning for a second season, and there are some signs that make it look like it'll be happening. When asked if she would do another season of the show, Selena gave a little smirk and said "maybe."

Along with Selena's mysterious response to the question, Katherine Langford who plays main character Hannah Baker in the show recently said in an interview: "There's definitely more story to tell. It would be cool to continue the dialogue of this story. There are so many cliffhangers at the end of the season." It seems that she's behind it, and with Netflix's good graces, we could be gearing up for even more of Selena's producing skills.

If you or someone you know is contemplating suicide, call the National Suicide Prevention Hotline at 1-800-273-8255 or text Crisis Text Line at 741-741.

Editor's Note: This post was updated to clarify language about 13 Reasons Why.

Related: This Is What Selena Gomez Wore to a Wedding

Check this out: