Samuel L. Jackson And Judge Judy Have Actually Been Besties For Years LOADING ERROR LOADING

Move over Tayor Swift and Selena Gomez, because there’s a different duo in Hollywood giving us some serious #BFFGoals.

Samuel L. Jackson and Judge Judy stepped out for dinner in Los Angeles over the weekend, reminding us just how much we love this friendship. The ”Captain Marvel” star shared a candid photo with his pal — aka Judith Sheindlin — on Instagram.

Advertisement

Many users commented about the seemingly unlikely friendship, dying to know what the actor and daytime TV boss could be talking about. Well, these two actually go way back. “The Kong: Skull Island” star was asked about the origin of their bond last year on “Watch What Happens Live.”

Jackson, 69, and Sheindlin, 75, had mutual friends, meeting through the actor’s agent, Toni Howard. The pair also know each other through Jackson’s lawyer — “my lawyer’s husband is the guy who makes her deals,” he said.

Advertisement

As Jackson recalled, they met at Howard’s house, and they used to smoke cigarettes together. “So we would sit in Toni’s backyard and smoke, and when Judy stopped smoking, she made me stop smoking. She sent me to her doctor in White Plains, who actually treats you with sodium pentothal, and I quit smoking. But Judy used to get up in the middle of the night to smoke. She’s like, ‘I used to wake up to smoke.’”

“WWHL” host Andy Cohen asked Jackson if Judge Judy was intimidating, to which he replied, “No! Judy’s awesome. She’s great. … I’ve had tea with Judy at the Dorchester in London, and hang out and fly back and forth cross-country with her on planes. Judy’s awesome.”

Judge Judy and Samuel L. Jackson sharing a laugh. Photo: Getty Images

Advertisement

Jackson added, “She’s straight up clocking dollars.”

It’s true — last year, Forbes ranked Judge Judy No. 8 on its list of America’s Richest Female Entertainers. Her CBS show has been on the air since 1996, and she’s estimated to be worth around $300 million.

In 2017, “Judge Judy” wrapped its fourth consecutive year as the most-watched syndicated TV show, and it continues to break records left and right. She counts her pal as one of her regular viewers.

Jackson revealed on the “Today” show that he includes in his contracts that his trailer on set must have a satellite television so “I can watch judge shows all day when I’m at work … all of them.”

Advertisement

Yes, “Judge Judy” would be one of those “judge shows,” in case you were wondering. He also praised his BFF on “The Ellen DeGeneres Show” saying he loves watching “Judge Judy” “all the time,” adding they get together “at least four or five times a year.”

Hey, by Hollywood standards, that’s a lot.

Read more from Yahoo Entertainment: