Annabelle Neilson Dead: ’Ladies of London’ Star Dies at 49 Ladies of London star Annabelle Neilson has died at 49 years old, Us Weekly can confirm.

Related: Celebrity Deaths in 2018: Stars We’ve Lost Hollywood lost some of its greats this year. Scroll down to see Us Weekly’s tribute to the celebrities who died in 2018. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails […]

The London Metropolitan Police told Us that officers were called to Neilson’s address on Thursday, July 12, after a woman had been “found deceased at the location.” Neilson’s death is not being treated as suspicious, per the police.

Neilson appeared on seasons 1 and 2 of the Bravo hit before announcing her departure from the series in 2015.

“Good buy to Ladies of London these are the ladies I love and are my real friends!!” Neilson wrote alongside an Instagram photo of herself and Kate Moss in November 2015. “im blessed and greatfull to say fair well!! I wouldn’t say it’s been a ride, possibly a disappointment but we all make mistakes … See you on the other side ❤❤❤❤❤out.”

Related: Stars Who Got Their Start on Reality TV The road to success in Hollywood is a little different for every would-be actor, but these days, reality TV is becoming a major launching pad for some of the industry's biggest stars. Before they were red-carpet regulars, NeNe Leakes, Jennifer Hudson, Julianne Hough and Lucy Hale were among those who broke through as reality stars

Neilson starred alongside full-time cast members Caroline Stanbury, Marissa Hermer, Juliet Angus, Caprice Bourret and Noelle Reno for the first season of Ladies of London, which aired in 2014. Julie Montagu and Caroline Fleming joined the cast for season 2. In May 2017, Montagu confirmed the show would not be returning for a fourth season.

In addition to her time on reality TV, Neilson worked as model and was friendly with fellow models Moss and Naomi Campbell and the late fashion designer Alexander McQueen. She reflected on her relationship with the designer, who died by suicide in 2010, during an interview with the Daily Mail in 2015.

Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly Check our latest news in Google News Follow Us Check our latest news in Apple News Follow Us

“He was my brother, my boyfriend, my soulmate. Most of the time people called me Mrs McQueen. Quite often we were sharing a bed,” Neilson said at the time. “‘Lee had been through similar pain. He understood me; we understood each other … The truth is I was happier with Lee than with anyone else. He asked me to marry him towards the end and I said no. I wish now that I had said yes.”

Related: Most Shocking Celebrity Deaths of All Time Us Weekly looks back at the stars who died before their time, including Amy Winehouse, Prince and Whitney Houston — see the most shocking celeb deaths

Neilson released a series of children’s books before her death. She told MyBaba in 2015 that her inspiration behind the series was partly based on her experience with dyslexia.

“Angry Me is a character based on me in part as a child with severe dyslexia — but I think Angry Me evokes the frustrations and feelings for children when they can’t release such a powerful emotion as anger and it can be so many different things that a child can struggle with,” Neilson told the outlet at the time. “Other characters have been based around friends, some family, some godchildren. You do look for inspiration amongst the people close to you.”