Kourtney 'doesn't want to be a Kardashian any more' says Kim in KUWTK promo She's currently relaxing with boyfriend Younes Bendjima in Italy.

But in a promo for the new season of Keeping Up With The Kardashians, Kourtney Kardashian seems far from relaxed as she bickers with sisters Kim and Khloe.

'I'm not gonna be around people that bring me down on a daily basis,' cries the 39-year-old socialite during a heated confrontation.

Scroll down to see video

Breaking point: In a promo for the new season of Keeping Up With The Kardashians, Kourtney Kardashian seems far from relaxed as she bickers with sisters Kim and Khloe

'We're each other's best friends and biggest defenders, but we need to refocus,' says Khloe in the latest promo for the forthcoming 15th season of the hit E! reality TV show.

But after Kourtney complains that the others 'bring me down,' Kim counters to her older sister that 'you need to relax'.

Meanwhile pregnant Khloe, who has endured a recent cheating scandal involving her boyfriend Tristan Thompson, has other matters on her mind.

'I'm focused on having a baby, figuring that chapter out,' says the 34-year-old.

Voice of reason: 'We're each other's best friends and biggest defenders, but we need to refocus,' says Khloe in the latest promo for the forthcoming 15th season of the hit E! reality TV show

Chill out: After Kourtney complains that the others 'bring me down,' Kim counters to her older sister that 'you need to relax'

Kourtney's ex Scott Disick adds his own complaint, saying of his former wife, 'She just fires missiles at me.'

'She doesn't want to be a Kardashian anymore,' Kim Kardashian, 37, decides.

The new season of KUWTK premieres Sunday, August 5 at 9 p.m.

Out of the family? 'She doesn't want to be a Kardashian anymore,' Kim Kardashian, 37, decides

Gripes: Kourtney's ex Scott Disick adds his own complaint, saying of his former wife, 'She just fires missiles at me.

The eldest Kardashian sister has been enjoying a long European vacation with her model boyfriend Younes Bendjima.

The raven-haired star shared a snap of herself in a black one-piece swimsuit as she stood next to her hunky, shirtless beau on the deck of a yacht on Tuesday.

She was also seen on the yacht earlier with the three kids she shares with Scott: sons Mason, eight, Reign, three, and daughter Penelope, five.

This comes just as People claimed they are getting closer than ever. 'She is incredibly happy with Younes,' a source told the site.

'They are getting serious. Younes is very close to her kids and loves spending time with them. The kids really like him. Kourtney is having the best time in Europe.'

Keeping Up With The Kardashians premiers on E! UK 12th August, Stream in the UK & Ire on hayu from 6th August