Brittany Cartwright Says She Lost 25 Pounds and Reveals Exactly How She Did It Brittany Cartwright Says She Lost 25 Pounds and Reveals Exactly How She Did It

If you’re looking for some fitness motivation, look no further than Brittany Cartwright. For the past year, the Vanderpump Rules SURver been on a serious health kick and the results of her lifestyle transformation are amazing.

How to Watch Vanderpump Rules Season 12 is streaming now on Peacock. Stream on

The Kentucky beauty, who is currently planning a wedding with fiancé Jax Taylor, revealed that she's lost 25 pounds. While the upcoming marital ceremony has given Brittany a new source of motivation, she told E! that her main focus is to be "happy and healthy."

"Being healthy and fit makes me feel so much more confident and happy with myself. It feels really great when you start seeing results and your old clothes start to fit again," she said.

So what exactly are Brittany's secrets to a healthy lifestyle? The newly-engaged SURver said that running and interval training "really helped jumpstart my weight loss." She added: "I also started going to classes at Sweat Garage and it helped to keep me focused and have direction instead of trying to go to the gym and workout on my own."

As far as her diet goes, Brittany is maintaining a clean diet but leaves room for a few cheat days."I try to eat clean for the most part, eating salads cooking a lot of baked chicken and vegetables at home, but I love my cheat days I just make sure I have them in moderation now," she shared.

Brittany also has support from Jax, who has been on a fitness journey as well. This past spring, the bartender revealed that he had lost 30 pounds. "I am so so proud of Jax. He has also lost a lot of weight and it is so great to have someone by your side helping you through your journey," Brittany said.

The Beverly Hills darling also shared a few words of wisdom for anyone who is looking to get healthier: "You can do it! Be patient because it doesn't happen overnight but once you start to see results you will be hooked and so happy that you stuck it out! My weight has always fluctuated so I was getting down on myself, but once you change those habits that aren't making you feel like you, and start a healthier lifestyle, you feel great and you get that 'sparkle' right back!"

Glow on, Brittany!