Christopher Boykin's ex-wife posts about his death Reality star Christopher 'Big Black' Boykin passed away from suspected heart failure Tuesday.

After news of his death, Shannon Turley - Big's ex-wife and mother of his nine-year-old daughter Isis - took to Twitter to express her grief Wednesday.

Posting to the 45-year-old reality persona's Twitter account, his ex-spouse said she was 'heartbroken' and that Black was 'everything to me and Isis and we will miss him.'

'Heartbroken': After news broke of reality star Christopher 'Big Black' Boykin's passing, his ex-wife Shannon Turley took to Twitter to share her grief. Shannon and Christopher have a nine-year-old daughter Isis together. Above, the pair are picture in Dallas in 2011

'This is Shannon, Big Black's ex-wife,' she wrote to the Mississippi born bodyguard's 426k Twitter followers.

She continued, 'I'm heartbroken to tell you of Black's passing. He's everything to me and Isis and we will miss him'

Turley also revealed several new details about the star's passing, explaining that Big was hospitalized in Plano, Texas when he died on Tuesday May 9, as told to TMZ



She also told the outlet that although she and Boykin divorced in 2009, the former spouses had been living together in Texas because of his failing health.

In memory: The star's former spouse said Big was 'everything' to her and daughter Isis in a tweet shared with his 426k followers on Wednesday

Health struggles: Boykin's ex told TMZ that the star has been dealing with health battles, and that she and her ex of eight years had been living together in Texas because of his failing health. Above you can see Big in Las Vegas in 2014

Christopher was clearly a family man, with his social media full of proud posts about he and Shannon's beautiful daughter Isis, 9.

Back in March the devoted Dad shared an Instagram picture of him and his little girl, captioned 'Doughnuts w/ Daddy Day at my daughter's school this morning... Two of my daughters friends dad's couldn't make it so I stood in for them.'

No official cause of death has been determined, but it's believed Big suffered a fatal heart attack because of his long history of heart trouble.

Dedicated dad: Christopher was clearly a family man, with his social media full of proud posts about he and Shannon's beautiful daughter Isis, 9, seen together above in a March Instagram. Christopher is at the far left, while Isis sits far right with two school friends inbetween

Friends forever: From 2006 to 2008, Big starred in MTV's Rob And Big besides pro skater Rob Dyrdek, who said he was 'heartbroken' by the news. Above you can see the pals all the way back in 2006

Boykin's ex told TMZ the star already had a defibrillator implanted in his heart and was being monitored by doctors.

She also revealed that although Christopher was not on a list for organ transplant yet, his doctors believed it was only a matter of time.

Big Black made his mark starring in the hit MTV show Rob And Big star for three seasons from 2006 until 2008.

Brothers: Christopher made his mark on MTV's Rob And Big besides pal Rob Dyrdek, who posted a touching tribute to the star where he said he couldn't 'believe that this is reality' and that he thought of Boykin like a 'brother'

He appeared on the show alongside his professional skateboarder best friend Rob Dyrdek, whom he also served as a bodyguard.

The pro-skater posted his own tribute on social media, writing 'My heart is broken. I don't want write this post. I don't want to believe that this is reality. I am so thankful for you.'

'We truly were brothers that lived an unexpected unforgettable adventure. I just can't fathom that it would end so suddenly. You will forever be in my heart.'