This Behind-the-Scenes “Assassination of Gianni Versace” Teaser Will Give You Chills After giving true-crime fans a full trailer for the show last month, the producers of The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story are keeping the hype going by releasing a new teaser. With less than three weeks to go until the January 17 premiere, the show is digging a bit deeper into the mystery with a behind-the-scenes look explaining why this shocking murder is truly a perfect American crime to dissect 20 years later.

“This particular manhunt is the largest failed FBI manhunt in history,” actor Darren Criss tells us in the video. The failed manhunt centers around Criss’ character, Andrew Cunanan, a hustler and grifter who landed in Miami after a killing spree that saw at least four closeted gay men dead throughout the Midwest. Cunanan’s crimes were tangled with his fear of being outed and his use of his sexuality to control his victims by telling them he would out them to their families if they didn’t go along with him.

Before heading to Florida, Cunanan was put on the FBI’s most wanted list. When they didn’t track him to the coastal city in time, Cunanan managed to kill fashion designer Versace on the steps of his Miami home. The killer eventually took his own life without ever being arrested.

Executive producer Nina Jacobson says that in choosing the crimes they dramatize for ACS, they want to explore how these issues affect all Americans, and not just those at the center of the crimes. In The Assassination of Gianni Versace, the show looks at gay culture and how Americans treated gay men, the AIDS epidemic, and more in the ’90s, all culminating with Cunanan’s killing spree.

“People were scared at the fact that this man was killing gay men,” Ricky Martin, who plays Versace’s partner Antonio D’Amico, says in the clip. “Still some people don’t understand why it happened.” Executive producer Brad Simpson agrees, saying, “Andrew’s journey is a journey through politics of homosexuality as they played across America in the 1990s.”

“The truth is,” Criss quips, “fear and prejudice, unfortunately, is always in fashion.”

Will you watch this season of American Crime Story? Tell us @BritandCo!

(Photo via FX/YouTube)