Donald Glover Reveals Girlfriend Michelle Gave Birth to Baby No. 2 Congratulations are in order for Donald Glover! The Atlanta star has welcomed his second child, a boy, with his girlfriend Michelle, Us Weekly confirms.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2017 Babies on board! Click through to see all the adorable bundle of joys who were born in 2017

“I sleep four hours a night! I mean I don’t dream as much, I just miss dreaming!” Glover told Us about balancing his career and being a father on Friday, January 5, at the Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour.

Glover also told Us that his life hasn’t changed a ton since welcoming his second son.

“It hasn’t. My partner, she does all the hard stuff to be honest. I haven’t really had to change anything. It’s given me another perception of what life is. It gives me a lot of context!” Glover said on Friday.

Us Weekly exclusively confirmed back in October 2016 that the rapper known as Childish Gambino, who is notoriously private about his personal life, welcomed his first child with Michelle. He revealed he was becoming a father for the second time during his acceptance speech for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series at the 2017 Emmys.

Related: Cutest Celebrity Babies Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

“I’m so happy. Wow! Thank you guys so much. This is nuts,” Glover, 34, began in his speech in September. “I really want to thank the Academy again, everybody in here, you guys. I love you. I want to thank my mom and my dad again, I want to thank the city of Atlanta. I want to thank FX.”

He continued, “I want to thank — I want to thank Michelle, my partner, you love me even how crazy I get. I want to thank my baby, my son, for just being the joy in my life. I want to thank my unborn son; we’re listening to Stevie [Wonder] tonight.”

Related: The Best Oscar Speeches of All Time To celebrate the upcoming 89th annual Academy Awards, Us Weekly is taking a look back at the best Oscar speeches of all time — watch memorable orations from stars such as Kate Winslet, Jennifer Lawrence, Ben Affleck and more!

Glover, who is set to perform at the Grammys later this month, also spoke to ET about his creative process.

“I don’t rush my work. I don’t think we’re the type of people to do that,” he told the publication on Friday. “I’d hate to be like, ‘It was worth the wait.’ You’ll decide that. But it definitely won’t be cheap because of that. It’s a good season. I really like it.”