Does Kelly Dodd Regret Her Behavior at Meghan King Edmonds' Dinner Party? Kelly Dodd shocked her castmates when she called Shannon Beador a certain expletive during Meghan King Edmonds' last hurrah in the latest episode of The Real Housewives of Orange County. But believe it or not, the newbie told The Daily Dish earlier this summer that she wasn't all that bothered when she initially found out about Shannon's friend Nina's comments at the '70s party.

How to Watch Watch The Real Housewives of Orange County on Peacock. Catch up on the Bravo app. Stream Now on

But her husband Michael Dodd and her new friend Vicki Gunvalson saw the situation differently, telling Kelly that regardless of the fact that she was never a prostitute, people might still think it's true if the rumor gets out there. "It got me really angry," Kelly said (clip above). "I'm thinking to myself, 'OK, how could I ever be a prostitute? I got married when I was 25 to my first husband. I went to college. I worked for Gannett newspapers. Like, how could this ever happen to me, because I've worked my whole life and had a professional job. And how could this ever happen for someone to say something so cruel when I have a daughter out there, and it's vicious lies, and my integrity is getting ruined."



Kelly Dodd Lashes Out at Shannon Beador

Kelly said she was most concerned about how the rumor would affect her 9-year-old daughter Jolie. "I really got angry because I thought about my daughter and if my daughter hears something so disgusting like that," she said. "And I was so upset [about] Shannon bringing this woman to this party that I just [blew] a gasket. I just [blew] a gasket."

Kelly said she also didn't understand why Heather Dubrow asked her to leave the restaurant. "The lady's not gonna tell me what to do," Kelly said. "She's not above me."



Heather Is Disgusted by Kelly's Behavior

Now looking back at how chaotic the night got, does Kelly regret what she said to her castmates during Meghan's party? "Yes, of course. In hindsight, I'm like, 'Why did I say that?' I shouldn't have said something like that. It makes me look bad," Kelly explained. "But I said it out of anger and frustration and it was the first thing that comes out of my mouth, and I didn't think first before saying it, so I regret saying that to her, yes."

But does Kelly see a friendship with Shannon in her future? See what she previously told The Daily Dish about where things currently stand with the RHOC vet, below.