Cam Newton dropped by sponsor over sexist remark to female reporter Cam Newton’s sexist comment to a female reporter has cost the Carolina Panthers quarterback a side gig as a yogurt pitchman amid national backlash.

Dannon, the maker of Oikos yogurt, has dropped Newton from all advertising campaigns following what the company perceives as “sexist” remarks he made on Wednesday to Jourdan Rodrigue, a beat reporter with the Charlotte Observer.

Company spokesperson Michael Neuwirth released a statement Thursday saying it was “shocked and disheartened” at the former league MVP’s behavior.

Newton made light of a straightforward question from Rodrigue during his regular media availability on Wednesday, saying it was “funny to hear a female” ask about football.

The 28-year-old quarterback, who smirked derisively as the reporter asked about Carolina wide receiver Devin Funchess’s route-running, prefaced his response with a dig: “It’s funny to hear a female talk about routes. It’s funny.”

The Dannon statement noted the company perceives Newton’s comments as “sexist and disparaging to all women. It’s simply not OK to belittle anyone based on gender. We have shared our concerns with Cam and will no longer work with him.”

Here's the video of Cam Newton saying "it's funny to hear a female talk about routes" pic.twitter.com/hd9Kg4CCeu — Carlin & Reese (@CarlinReeseWIP) October 4, 2017

The company later clarified: “The agreement has not been terminated. However, we will no longer work with him and are removing advertising with him in it.”

Later Thursday, Newton apologized in a video posted to Twitter for what he described as an “extremely degrading and disrespectful” choice of words.

“After careful thought, I understand that my word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful to women,” he said. “And to be honest, that was not my intention. If you are a person who took offense to what I said, I sincerely apologize to you.

“I’m a man who tries to be a positive role model to my community and tries to use my platform to inspire others. I take ownership to everything that comes with that. What I did was extremely unacceptable.”

Dannon inked Newton to sponsor its Oikos brand of Greek yogurt in January 2015, shortly after the quarterback’s maiden playoff victory.

Newton has sponsored Dannon’s Oikos yogurt since 2015.

By the end of that year, one that saw the quarterback capture MVP honors while leading the Panthers to Super Bowl 50, Newton had become one of the NFL’s most visible pitchmen with an endorsement portfolio including pacts with Gatorade, Under Armour, Beats By Dre, Nickelodeon, Carolina Health Systems and Belk worth an estimated $11m combined.

Gatorade also issued a statement Thursday, saying: “Cam’s comments were objectionable and disrespectful to all women and they do not reflect the values of our brand. Gatorade fully supports women who compete in, report on, coach for, or play any role in sport – on or off the field.”

The NFL added in another statement that Newton’s response to the question was “just plain wrong and disrespectful to the exceptional female reporters and all journalists who cover our league.”

But it doesn’t appear there will be any punishment handed out to Newton.

“I think there are conversations going on at the club level with the appropriate people, with the Panthers,” NFL spokesman Joe Lockhart said in a conference call Thursday. “I don’t want to anticipate the league stepping in there.”

Mike Persinger, the executive sports editor of the Observer, said Wednesday evening that Newton’s comments were “unfortunate and out of line.”

The Associated Press Sports Editors announced that it “agrees wholeheartedly that Mr Newton’s response was out of line” and “we ask for a formal apology to Jourdan Rodrigue from Mr Newton and the Carolina Panthers organization.”



The Newton hubbub inadvertently prompted a separate controversy after three tweets Rodrigue posted years ago with racial overtones were discovered by Black Sports Online. The reporter used the word “nigga” in one of the tweets and referenced laughing at racist jokes in the others.

“I apologize for the offensive tweets from my Twitter account from 4/5 years ago,” Rodrigue said on Thursday. “There is no excuse for these tweets and the sentiment behind them. I am deeply sorry and apologize.”



Newton, who slumped badly last season after his spectacular MVP campaign in 2015, has passed for 882 yards with five touchdowns and five interceptions in four games this year, leading the Panthers to a 3-1 record and a tie for first place in the NFC South.