RHONY's Carole Radziwill Is All of Us Trying to Order Breakfast Menu complexities can just be too much to ponder in the morning — and there are so many ways to eat eggs...

Even after a full night's sleep and a couple of cups of coffee, choosing what sounds better — a cheesy omelet or a pile of sweet pancakes — is one. tough. decision. And when we're in an actual breakfast joint trying to hone in on that perfect morning plate... well, the indecision gets real. This is why we're fully convinced that Carole Radziwill just gets it.

How to Watch Watch The Real Housewives of New York City on Bravo and Peacock.

As shown on a recent episode of The Real Housewives of New York City, the author sometimes has a hard time deciding just how she'd like her eggs to be prepared. When meeting up for some morning eats with her friend Tinsley Mortimer, Carole gave an order to the waitress that we could have said ourselves (and, in fact, probably have).

Related

"I want three eggs any style," she said. "I'm not sure of the style. What are my options?" Carole knew one thing: She wanted an egg hard-boiled. "But three hard-boiled is a lot. Two. Two hard boiled. I'm sorry, one hard-boiled, and then other two in my order, can those be scrambled? And can you mix the scrambled part? Don't make it touch the hard-boiled egg part. I want that hard-boiled."

Look, there are a lot of ways to cook eggs — for your reference, FoodBeast has ranked the 10 best — and opinions vary about the best way. In New York, the most popular way to eat eggs is in a breakfast sandwich... while across the coast in California, its in huevos rancheros, according to Eat This, Not That.

So Carole's complex order — with so many options available — seems like a perfectly reasonable one to us. But, hey: We've also tried to make coffee without a filter in the morning, or put our car keys in the fridge.

For the record, Tinsley ordered some avocado toast — and Carole's opinions about its preparation were much more definitive.

Related

When the waitress informed Tinsley that the toast typically comes with cheese, Carole was quick to say: "No cheese!" Fair enough. Avocados, after all, can stand on their own. And, they pair perfectly with fried eggs. Wait, no... over-easy eggs.

Actually, let us get back to you on that.