2018 Emmy Nominations: This Year’s Biggest Snubs and Surprises The Television Academy is still a mostly predictable beast, but as ever, the nominations for the 70th Emmy Awards still managed to surprise us.

The biggest shock is that an HBO film performance tailor-made to appeal to awards voters somehow ended up being overlooked: Al Pacino’s starring role in Paterno. The industry has a noted weakness for star power, and Pacino in particular so rarely does projects for the small screen that his lead role as the disgraced college-football coach Joe Paterno was thought to be a shoo-in. But voters, apparently, were not impressed. The movie was, at least, nominated for outstanding TV movie, which is more than we can say for the other big snub in the hybrid limited series, movie, and special categories:David Lynch’s 18-part Twin Peaks: The Return. Though nominated for nine awards, including writing and directing for Lynch himself, star Kyle MacLachlan was passed over.

Instead, for that category, the Academy honored pop star John Legend for his lead role in NBC’s fantastic production of Jesus Christ Superstar: Live in Concert, putting the quadruple-threat well on his way to finishing off his EGOT. The biblical musical nabbed performance awards for its entire leading cast: Sara Bareilles and Brandon Victor Dixon were each honored, and including technical categories, the production earned 13 nominations overall. That’s a bit of a coup, given how campy and inelegant live musicals such as these have been in the past; fortunately, the Academy paid attention to the most successful production of the recent ones we’ve seen.

NBC, which hosts the Emmys telecast this year, had plenty to be happy about more generally: the broadcast institution has ceded ground to both premium cable and streaming services for the last few decades, but vaulted over most of the competition to land 78 total nominations this year, putting it ahead of FX, Hulu, Amazon, and even Showtime. (The only two networks to beat it were Emmys juggernauts Netflix and HBO. For the first time in 18 years, HBO was unseated in total nominations, as Netflix squeaked by, earning just four more overall nominations; that’s a team that is probably very unhappy Pacino wasn’t nominated.)

NBC managed its position through the combined power of Jesus Christ Superstar and recent Emmys golden child Saturday Night Live, which saw a whole slew of supporting cast members and guest stars nominated. Several of them were old favorites of the Academy—including Alec Baldwin, Kate McKinnon, Leslie Jones, and nominated guest star Tina Fey. But it was quite a surprise to see the long-overlooked but beloved mainstay of the show, Kenan Thompson, nominated for supporting actor as well; similarly, cast member Aidy Bryant was nominated in supporting actress for the first time. NBC also managed to nab another round of nominations for its drama This Is Us, although in a surprising snub, Mandy Moore—who is reliably quite heartbreaking in the drama—was not nominated for her leading role.