Meghan shakes up her royal image by ditching her sleeves Meghan Markle has rebelled against the regal dress code, revealing her arms once more after claims she had been 'duchessified'.

In her first engagement after marrying Prince Harry, the Duchess of Sussex abandoned her usual fashion-forward outfits for a more prim and proper look.

But after her honeymoon, Meghan has reverted back to her modern image by ditching her sleeves in an off-the-shoulder frock.

Meghan showed off her polished but bold wardrobe choice today at the Trooping The Colour ceremony in London with her new husband.

Her clavicle-baring dress wasn't the only thing that drew attention to the new royal, as it appeared she'd been practising her regal wave.

After her honeymoon, the Duchess of Sussex has already shaken up her royal image, by ditching her sleeves and wearing an off-the-shoulder frock. Pictured: Meghan and Prince Harry at the spectacular Trooping The Colour ceremony today

Pretty in pink: Meghan dazzled in a sophisticated pastel pink gown which showed off her elegant long neck

Harry and Meghan were pictured riding in a carriage together, where the Duchess had the opportunity to show-off her royal wave, and then joined her new in-laws on the balcony for the first time to watch the RAF flypast

Before her excitable wave in engagement photos with Harry back in December was not quite royal-ready.

Meghan gave a polished and poised wave to thrilled crowds as she made her way through London with Prince Harry in an open-top carriage.

This was the pair's first formal engagement since their showstopping wedding in May - and comes after their rumoured mini-honeymoon in Canada.

Dazzling crowds with beaming smiles, they made their way to Whitehall's Horse Guards Parade for the ceremony to mark the Queen's 92nd birthday.

All eyes were on Meghan's stunning white wedding gown by Clare Waight Keller for Givenchy on her wedding day.

And the Duchess did not disappoint with her latest wardrobe choice.

The dress is a daring statement that pushes the boundaries of regal dress code, as it is a tad more revealing than what's usually seen on the balcony of Buckingham Palace.

Meghan wore a dress by Carolina Herrera and a hat by Philip Treacy. While Kate wore a dress by Alexander McQueen and a hat by Juliette Botterill

Royal wave: Meghan was pictured fine tuning her royal wave alongside a grinning Harry at Buckingham Palace this morning

Stylish as ever, she opted for a 'pretty in pink' vibe with a sophisticated off-the-shoulder pastel dress by Carolina Herrera - a favourite designer among the royals.

Its flattering fold-down bardot neckline and button detail accentuated the former actress's elegant neck.

She teamed the frock with an angular hat by Philip Treacy in a matching hue to complete the look.

The Duke and Duchess of Sussex arriving for the Trooping The Colour ceremony in Whitehall

The Duke of Sussex proudly salutes in an open-top carriage beside his new wife on their way to the ceremony in London

The Duke and Duchess of Sussex make their way to the ceremony. Afterwards the Royal Family will head back to Buckingham Palace and gather on the balcony to watch the RAF fly past