Three More Women Accuse Jeremy Piven of Sexual Misconduct In a Saturday afternoon BuzzFeed News report, three more women came forward with accusations of sexual misconduct and attempted assault against former Entourage star Jeremy Piven. These three accusations are the latest of several against Piven, who has been accused of actions ranging from following one woman into a trailer on the set of a movie to attempting to force himself on another woman in a hotel room.

Susan McCain Olson was an extra on the set of Lucas, Piven’s very first film, in 1985, when she claims Piven followed her into another actor’s trailer and pushed her down on the couch, trying to kiss her and put his hands up her shirt. “At one point I kind of was like, ‘This is it, this is where I’m going to get raped,’” McCain Olson told BuzzFeed News. “I kept trying to push him away. I was like, ‘No, get off me.’” She says she eventually was able to get him to leave, and decided not to tell anyone about the incident at the time because she was “just an extra” and didn’t want to lose her job. Three of McCain Olson’s friends and her fiancé confirmed to BuzzFeed News that she had told them about the incident.

Another woman who asked not to be identified in the report told BuzzFeed about an incident that allegedly happened a few years later, around 1994, in which she met Piven while he was filming a movie in Canada and made plans to show him around town, being clear that she wasn’t interested in anything romantic. On the appointed day, she says, she arrived at his hotel and was told by the front desk to go up to his room. She says when she got inside he immediately pinned her against the wall and tried to kiss her, after which she pushed him off. She claims she asked him what he thought he was doing, and he asked her what she came up to his room for. She left. “I didn’t want to stick around to find out what else was going to happen,” she said.

Piven and his lawyers released a statement saying that they deny all of the allegations. “These allegations, which in one case goes back more than 30 years and the two others more than 20 years ago, are false. As evidenced by the lie detector test I took and passed, I have never forced myself on anyone, nor have I ever exposed myself or restrained anyone against their will. To the contrary, if any woman ever said no, I stopped.”

Eight women in total have now accused Piven of sexual misconduct.