Cameron Diaz flashes ring amid rumours she 'will marry Benji Madden in the spring' As the engagement rumors continue to swirl, Cameron Diaz is not shy about showing off her ring finger.

On Monday, the 42-year-old Annie star was yet again seen sporting a diamond band on her left hand while out and about in West Hollywood, California.

The blonde beauty strategically showed off her sparkly accessory as she covered her mouth during the outing.

Scroll down for video

Are the rumours true? Cameron Diaz was seen showing off her rumored engagement ring on her left hand while out and about in West Hollywood on Monday

She was casually dressed in a forest green military jacket over a white blouse.

Cameron styled her outfit a pair of denim skinny jeans with brown boots as she accessorized her look with a black shoulder bag.

The Sex Tape actress appeared to be make-up free and pulled back her blonde locks in a ponytail.

Something to show off: The blonde beauty's sparkly accessory was clear for all to see during the outing

Casual Cameron: The 42-year-old was casually dressed in a forest green military jacket over a white blouse, which she accessorized with Ghurka's $695 Match handbag

Although she has stayed mum on the engagement rumours, Cameron shared some love advice in the latest issue of Cosmopolitan magazine.

'If you get into a relationship where you want something the guy doesn't want, it's never gonna work,' the cover girl said. 'Timing is everything.

'You're never going to get him to be in that place. No matter how old you are, finding the guy who's in the same place as you are and wants to show up is the only way a relationship works, period.'

Thirsty work: Cameron was seen sipping on an iced coffee during her outing

Buying something for the 'bride'? Meanwhile her rumoured fiance Benji Madden was seen that day heading to Barney's to do some shopping

Cameron and rocker boyfriend Benji Madden are reportedly engaged after a whirlwind seven-month romance.

More details about their relationship have been revealed, including how she knew that The Madden Brothers singer was 'the one' thanks to his 'chivalrous ways,' with insiders telling UsWeekly that the musician 'swept her off her feet.'

And the couple certainly aren't wasting any time as the actress and her 35-year-old beau are apparently hoping to tie the knot in early 2015.

Not wasting time: Cameron and Benji, pictured in September, are reportedly planning a wedding in early 2015

A source said: 'Cameron hasn't been this happy in a long time.

'She found someone who knew how lucky he was to have her. The other guys treated her badly, but Benji would do anything for her. She's madly in love.'

Although Cameron had already met Good Charlotte rocker Benji years before, it was her good friend Nicole Richie - who is married to Benji's twin brother Joel - who set them up together.

An insider revealed that the pair bonded over music and had great conversations, saying, 'Cameron has great taste in music.'

Lovebirds: The couple are reportedly engaged after a whirlwind seven-month romance

Within a month the couple took their relationship public and after just six weeks, Benji traveled to Florida to meet the Other Woman actress's family.

And luckily the star's mother, Billie, approved, with a Cameron source saying, 'Billie absolutely loved Benji. She has been gushing about the relationship, saying she hopes Cameron settles down with him.'

By the end of summer the pair were practically living together in Cameron's $9.5 million Beverly Hills home.

Sparkler: The actress wore what looked like an engagement ring on her left hand for a taping of The Graham Norton Show on Tuesday

Cameron, who has long been skeptical about marriage, was reportedly warmed to the idea by Benji who told her it how important it was to him.

An UsWeekly source said: 'He is more traditional than her. She really doesn't care about getting married but wants babies. He wants to get engaged and married first.'

Nicole Richie recently revealed she takes full 'responsibility' for Cameron and Benji getting together, as she introduced the pair.

When asked if she set them up, she said: 'Yes. I'm going to take responsibility for everything!'

While Cameron has enjoyed high-profile relationships in the past with Matt Dillon, Jared Leto and Justin Timberlake, Benji has famously dated Paris Hilton and Sophie Monk.

Buying Cameron's presents? Benji enjoyed a spot of last-minute Christmas shopping as he hit Barney's New York on Monday afternoon

Plenty to smile about: The former Good Charlotte rocker seemed in good spirits as he went about his day, no doubt buoyed by his recent engagement