Cynthia Bailey Is Really Trying Not to Be This Kind of Dater After Her Divorce Cynthia Bailey has jumped back into the dating game following her divorce from Peter Thomas in 2017. No, she hasn't wasted any time in exploring potential matches in Atlanta and even across the country with one boo in her hometown and one in Los Angeles.

How to Watch Watch The Real Housewives of Atlanta Season 17 on Sundays at 8/7c on Bravo. Episodes stream next day on Peacock. Stream Now on

But don't get it twisted. Though things seem to be heating up with her ATL man, Will Jones, this season of The Real Housewives of Atlanta, Cynthia recently told The Daily Dish that she's not quite ready to put a ring on it again just yet. "I am dating, and with dating, I'm not just dating one person because for me, that's not really dating then. That's just almost having, like, a boyfriend. I'm not saying I'm dating 60 guys. It's only a couple of guys that I have in my little rotation," Cynthia said with a laugh. "But I like Will. I like Will a lot, and I see him the most because he has home court advantage."

Check out the post on Instagram

Check out the post on Instagram

In fact, Cynthia has basically done a 180 from how she used to date in the past. And no, it's not just navigating the world of text flirting and emojis, although that has definitely been a challenge for the RHOA fashionista. Find out how she's taking a different approach to love this time around in the video, above.



Related

Peter is still very much a part of Cynthia's life even though they're divorced and seeing other people. "I kind of do this thing where if things don't work with my exes, I kind of make them still be friends with me. I don't know why I do that, but I just do. I feel like we were friends before we were anything else, and I feel like we can [go back to being] friends, because that's how we started," Cynthia explained to The Daily Dish in December. "I'm the same way with [daughter] Noelle [Robinson]'s dad [Leon Robinson]. We're friends. I mean, I won't list my list of exes, but I'm cool with all the people that have touched my life in some way, and Peter's no different. I basically made him be my friend, and we're doing good. We're doing good. I think, you know, like I said, we both have moved on, and we're in a good, friendly space."

So does that mean Peter is cool with Cynthia's current batch of boos? We'll just let Cynthia explain in the below clip.