11 Selena Gomez Facts You Might Not Have Known Selena Gomez is turning 26 as of July 22, so you know what that means: tell ‘em that it’s her birthday. To mark the occasion, we’ve rounded up some things about Selener that you might not have known about this talented triple threat. From her love for McDonald's to her forthcoming album, check out this list of all things Selena Gomez.

1. Selena loves her thrills and chills.

By now, Selenators have surely seen Selena’s ultra-creepy “Fetish” music video, directed by friend and frequent collaborator Petra Collins. What you might not know is how deep her obsession with scary stuff goes. In their July 2017 interview with Dazed, Selena and Petra explained how the project came to be.

“Do you think people would be shocked to know that ‘Fetish’ came out of our discovery that we are both avid horror fans, which I didn’t know about you?” Petra asked Selena. “Until you came over in the middle of the day and found me in my living room sitting on a big teddy bear watching Chucky so casually and then you came and laid with me,” Selena replied.

Later, the two collaborated again on A Love Story, a nightmarish short film for IGTV. As Petra explained to Vanity Fair, “I love The Exorcist and the things that come from inside you," Petra told the mag. "The things that are a little more subtle, and things that you deal with from inwards, and I feel like it's something Selena and I both love talking about...that topic is sort of dear to us."

2. She loves McDonald's. Like, a lot.

Selena’s love of fast food is incredibly well-documented. Famously, her assistant held her half-eaten cheeseburger while she walked the red carpet at the Jingle Bell Ball in 2015. But that’s not the only time we’ve seen homegirl throw down for a Micky D's and a Happy Meal. Before her performance at the 2015 Victoria’s Secret fashion show, she ate McDonald’s backstage. And in the middle of her 2016 appearance on Carpool Karaoke with Late Late Show host James Corden, she ordered a No. 7 and a medium Coca-Cola off the drive-thru menu. It turns out that her lyrics for "Love You like a Love Song" were on the cups at the time. Some of Selena's other favorite foods? Pickles, Hot Cheetos, and whole lemons (sometimes with salt).