This Hidden Game of Thrones Symbolism Hints at a Surprising Destiny for Jon and Daenerys We’re also not here to talk about the deeply held suspicion that these two characters will become romantically involved. Even if the rules of dramatic storytelling didn’t automatically destine two young, compelling, eligible people for a love match, Emilia Clarke and Kit Harington have been fanning the flames in a series of promotional photo shoots, from a 2012 Rolling Stone photoshoot for Season 2 to one, in costume, for Entertainment Weekly in 2013. They were even smooching in an outtake from that Rolling Stone photoshoot held from the magazine (I wonder why!), but released on the photographer’s Instagram in 2016.

Instagram content

Khal who? Ygritte huh? Exactly. The pair might not have gotten along like a sept on fire when they finally met in Episode 3, but still, there was chemistry in the Dragonstone throne room. But an incestuous love match between aunt Daenerys and her nephew, Jon, would hardly rate as “surprising”—so what, exactly, do Game of Thrones book readers think they know?

As with most of the best Thrones theories, this one comes to us via the dreams and prophecies that take up large sections of the books, but which the HBO series has largely had to cut. One of the most intriguing recurring symbols that crops up again and again is the blue winter rose. In the books, Ned remembers “the moment when all the smiles died, when Prince Rhaegar Targaryen urged his horse past his own wife, the Dornish princess Elia Martell, to lay the queen of beauty’s laurel in Lyanna’s lap. He could see it still: a crown of winter roses, blue as frost.” Lyanna is, as was revealed last season, Jon’s mother and Ned’s sister. In the show, it’s Littlefinger who tells this story to Sansa in Season 5. Yes, he includes the roses.

This bit about blue roses is taken by readers as both literal and figurative language from Martin, foreshadowing that Rhaegar would soon impregnate Lyanna with baby Jon Snow. Lyanna crops up in dreams and visions (even Theon’s) as a figure crowned in blue winter roses. Ned dreams of her death bed and Jon’s birth: