La La Anthony discreet about Beyonce's Push Party on show Beyonce and Jay-Z held a hyper exclusive Push Party before the birth of their twins, son Sir and daughter Rumi, on June 12.

And longtime pal La La Anthony was among the guests.

But the 38-year-old Power actress was very discreet when it came to revealing intimate details about the bash on Andy Cohen's Watch What Happens Live! on Sunday.

Scroll down for video

Fishing for info: La La Anthony mostly resisted Anthony Cohen's attempt to pry out details about pal Beyonce's Push Party when she appeared on his Watch What Happens Live Sunday

The smiling celebrity was invited to answer quickfire questions on the Bravo show.

However, she couldn't recall whether anyone made a speech, or whether there was an opening ceremony for the gifts, or whether Bey's music was playing.

When Andy asked: 'Do we know why Kim K was not there?' she replied, 'Don’t know that either actually.'

On the positive front, when Andy asked about the couple five-year-old daughter: 'Does Blue seem pissed she’s getting siblings?' La La laughed as she answered, 'Not at all.'

In the hot seats: The 38-year-old Power actress was on the show with Real Housewives Of Potomac star Gizelle Bryant

Quizzing her: The host of the Bravo show barraged La La with questions in a quickfire session that she mostly deflected or didn't answer

As for whether Jay-Z make an appearance, the actress rolled her eyes and said, 'Duh!'

She was also asked if anyone got drunk, and she made a face implying that the answer was 'yes.'

La La was also impressed by the spread, saying it It was 'the most amazing food, I remember. It was like a backyard barbecue.'

Proud big sister: However, she did reveal that the couple's five-year-old daughter Blue 'isn't pissed' about getting siblings

Making the best of it: The smiling host seemed slightly piqued not to get answers to so many of his questions, saying, 'She's not going to F up her friendship with the Queen B!'

The smiling host seemed slightly piqued not to get answers to so many of his questions, only partly joking: 'She's not going to F up her friendship with the Queen B!' at the end of the interview.

Meanwhile, the Brooklyn-born beauty and her NBA star husband Carmelo Anthony, 33, have been living apart since April after it was reported he had got another woman pregnant.

However, she confirmed that her divorce from Carmelo is not happening 'right now' in an interview on The Wendy Williams Show last Tuesday.

Carmen Miranda lookalike: Beyonce posted images from her Africa-themed Push Party on Instagram including this delightful black and white one

Party people: The 35-year looked lovingly at husband Jay-Z, 47. at the bash