Kendall Jenner rocks tiny party hat as she steps out with Bella Hadid to celebrate 23rd birthday It's her 23rd birthday.

So Kendall Jenner was prepared to party with friends in NYC on Saturday night, when she was seen stepping out for a bit of karaoke with pals Bella Hadid and Tyler The Creator.

The IMG represented beauty tried to remain low key donning a long black coat, sneakers and black pants for her birthday outing to Sing Sing Karaoke.

Birthday girl! Kendall Jenner stepped out to celebrate her 23rd birthday by doing a bit of karaoke with friend Bella Hadid on Saturday

Making it clear it was her special day, Kendall added a little party hat over a perky ponytail.

She accessorized with subtle huggie earrings and a couple of rings.

The model let her naturally good looks shine through, adding just a splash of lip gloss and keeping the rest of her face makeup minimal.

Dressed down: The IMG represented beauty tried to remain low key donning a long black coat, sneakers and black pants for her birthday outing to Sing Sing Karaoke

Party time: Making it clear it was her special day, Kendall added a little party hat over a perky ponytail

Time for fun: The starlet quickly made her way into the sing-a-long club

Details: She accessorized with subtle huggie earrings and a couple of rings

Natural beauty: The model let her naturally good looks shine through, adding just a splash of lip gloss and keeping the rest of her face makeup minimal

Easy going: Instead of dressing up, the pals made sure they were comfortable

Bella was equally as understated, stepping out in houndstooth bell bottoms and a dark longsleeved polo.

Keeping festive, she donned her own little red party hat.

She added a little purse, hoops and black and white Nikes to round out the ensemble.

Odd Future's Tyler The Creator was out with his friends, looking sharp in a pink cardigan and khakis, which matched his bucket hat.

Bell bottoms of the ball! Bella was equally as understated, stepping out in houndstooth bell bottoms and a dark longsleeved polo

Topped off: Keeping festive, she donned her own little red party hat

Creative! Odd Future's Tyler The Creator was out with his friends, looking sharp in a pink cardigan and khakis, which matched his bucket hat

He added some cool kid style with gold Tevas sandals over socks.

Earlier in the day Bella was seen preparing for the night out.

She picked up some supplies at a balloon store.

Preparing: Earlier in the day Bella was seen preparing for the night out, picking up some balloons from the shops

Helping hand: The famous figure was happy to make a stop at the shops for her friend

Before that the ladies were hard at work, seen after fittings for the upcoming Victoria's Secret Fashion Show at the end of this month.

Bella gave followers a sneak peek at her physique on Instagram.

Making the most of her long, long legs, she shared five selfies wearing barely-there black undies at the Victoria's Secret fitting.

The 22-year-old model boosted her height with high-heeled snakeskin boots that reached her knees, adding to her sizzling, sexy look.