Kim Kardashian swears by this skin care trick she learned from Kris Jenner Pascal Le Segretain/GettyImages The INSIDER Summary:

Kim Kardashian reveals she swears by this beauty tip Kris Jenner taught her.

Kris Jenner told Kim to wash her face with a really hot washcloth and then use it to exfoliate your skin.

Dermatologists say hot water may be harsh for your skin and may not be beneficial in the long run.

Kim Kardashian West and Kris Jenner are so intertwined when it comes to their professional lives that it's sometimes easy to forget that they're mother and daughter. Sure, we all know they're related. But Kris and Kim the brand (both individually, and as a pair) is so strong that thinking of them as a mother-daughter duo sometimes comes second. But just like you and your mom, Kris and Kim went through the same mother-daughter things that most of us do. And, yes, that includes the passing down of beauty tips. I talked to Kardashian West about her new cosmetics collection, and she shared the one Kris Jenner-approved beauty tip that's stuck with her all these years.

"She [Kris Jenner] used to always tell me to wash my face with a really hot washcloth and then use it to exfoliate your skin," Kardashian West tells me. ".... that always stuck with me."

So is this Kardashian family beauty secret actually good for your skin? Well, yes and no. I talked to Dr. Craig Kraffert, board certified dermatologist and president of Amarte, who said that the habit may be a double-edged sword.

"Hot water can be slightly damaging to the skin. Dermatologists generally advise against hot water. In Korea, avoidance of hot water in beauty rituals is gospel amongst those in the know about skin care," Dr. Craig Kraffert says. "Washcloths can be used for exfoliation. They don’t provide perfect exfoliation, and the results washcloths deliver is dependent upon washing technique. So, while hot water washcloth exfoliation may be the next aspirational beauty habit, it is unlikely to be extremely beneficial in the long run."

While KKW didn't say just how often she still takes advantage of this beauty habit, she did tell me about the beauty advice she would give her daughter North — and it's not the hot wash cloth tip.

"I really am a firm believer of just the simple things like sleep and drinking water really do help your skin," Kardashian West says. "I’m guilty of this sometimes, I do fall asleep with my makeup on sometimes and it is really bad and I know it’s really bad."

Rich Fury/Forum Photos via Getty Images

Kardashian West said she wants to emphasize skin care when it comes to teaching North about beauty, something that make sense given that her debut cosmetics collection is focusing on complexion.

"I love just like moisturizing my skin and I would just urge her to take care of her skin," Kardashian West tells me.

This focus on skin care makes sense, as complexion seems to be the big focus of Kardashian's new KKW Beauty cosmetics line.