The way Kim Kardashian and Kanye West spent their anniversary is totally relatable Kim and Kanye spent their anniversary eating pancakes and doing "nothing." Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images

The INSIDER Summary:

Kim Kardashian told Allure magazine that she and husband Kanye West did "absolutely nothing" for their anniversary.

She also said that they have a "no gifts" policy to keep themselves and their children grounded.

It's great that these two are finding a balance that works for them.

Kim Kardashian and Kanye West may be one of the most famous couples on the planet, but even they know that sometimes keeping things low-key is best.

Kardashian told Allure magazine that she and her husband have a strict "no gifts" policy in order to keep herself, West, and their children as grounded as possible.

“We don’t do gifts," she told them. "[Kanye and I] talk about it all the time, about not getting too much and trying to be as grounded and well rounded as possible. I don’t like presents anymore."

Kardashian also revealed something that every busy couple can relate to — she and Kanye didn't do anything special for their anniversary. Well, unless you count IHOP.

“We just did absolutely nothing. We spent two days in Santa Barbara, and we slept,” she told Allure. “You know what? I think we went to IHOP. That’s what we did.”

This couple is keeping things as low-key as they can. Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images

As someone who once spent a "vacation" with my boyfriend eating Cheesecake Factory cheesecake in bed, I totally approve of the West's anniversary plan.

The Wests' new stance on gift giving is a surprising one, given that they've gone viral for giant flower walls and custom Birkan bags, but it makes sense given their relatively low-profile since Kim's horrific Paris robbery.

Obviously everyone enjoys a good gift, but even the Allure profile piece notes that Kim is gifted countless things out of the blue every day and she said she doesn't feel the need to have so many things around anymore. Instead she's focusing on the little things — like the treasure chest her daughter North gave her to keep her safe when she went to Paris.

“To have something really sweet like that is more important to me than all the jewelry,” she told them.

It seems like the Wests have realized that valuing quality time instead of material things is a love language that they prefer, which is something that's important for every couple to find out for themselves. Although it doesn't seem like they'll quit with giant displays of flowers any time soon, it's great to see that they know what's truly important — family time and pancakes.