Khloe Kardashian Reveals How She's Staying in Shape While Pregnant Khloe Kardashian is gearing up for an exciting 2018!



The 33-year-old reality star, who is expecting her first child with Tristan Thompson this spring, took to her website on Wednesday to reveal her baby-focused goals for the new year.

"For me, health and wellness resolutions are especially important this year. Being pregnant, it's a whole different type of self-care," the Revenge Body health and fitness guru explains. "I still exercise to maintain my sanity and also to feel good about myself, but my workouts are not as intense as they once were. I'm also eating differently because, of course I have cravings, but I want to make sure I'm supplying my baby with the proper nutrients."



"I'm focused on being healthy mind, body and soul for myself and the baby -- but man, I can't wait to be a beast in the gym already, LOL," she adds. "Still, for as active as I have been during my pregnancy, I feel great. So my new year's resolution will be to stay as healthy mentally and physically as I can!"



The post comes following the backlash Kardashian received last month from fans shaming her for working out with a little one on the way.



"For the ones who think they are physicians all of a sudden," she tweeted. "MY doctor and I communicate and my workouts are cleared and highly recommended. Thanks kiddos! Don't make me stop sharing s**t."



Kardashian revealed on Tuesday that she was "officially six months" pregnant, with a sweet photo of her sharing a smooch with her NBA star beau. The blond beauty donned a skintight, black House of CB dress, which gave fans a glimpse of her growing belly.



"❥ Mom and Dad ❥," she captioned it.

Hear more on how the lovebirds are preparing for the arrival of their baby in the video below!



RELATED CONTENT:

Khloe Kardashian Claps Back After Fans Shame Her for Working Out While Pregnant

Khloe Kardashian Announces She's Pregnant With Bare Baby Bump Photo



Khloe Kardashian Celebrates 6-Month Pregnancy Mark in Sexy Little Black Dress

