Arie Luyendyk Jr and Lauren Burnham enjoy $25K Barcelona vacation He dumped Becca Kufrin on national TV before going down on one knee for Lauren Burnham on season 22 of The Bachelor.

And on Friday, Arie Luyendyk Jr., 36, and Lauren, 25, were spotted holding hands during their post engagement $25,000 holiday in Barcelona, Spain.

The duo are staying in a two-story suite at the luxurious Iberostar Paseo de Gracia resort, with amenities including 360-degree views of the Spanish city, according to Page Six.

Scroll down for video

What a way to vacation: Arie Luyendyk Jr. and Lauren were spotted holding hands during their post engagement $25,000 holiday in Barcelona, Spain on Friday

Arie and Lauren were seen holding hands while on a sightseeing stroll in the city on Friday afternoon.

The duo later rented a scooter; they first posed for pictures on the motorized bike before taking it for a spin.

According to Page Six, the celeb-loved hotel is in the heart of Plaza Cataluna.

The view from their enormous suite includes the ocean, Tibidado, Montjuic and La Sagrada Familia.

Focused: The duo are staying in a two-story suite at the luxurious Iberostar Paseo de Gracia resort, with amenities including 360-degree views of the Spanish city, according to Page Six

Time for some adventure: The duo later rented a scooter; they first posed for pictures on the motorized bike before taking it for a spin

Exploring: Meanwhile, Lauren showed off her slim frame in ripped olive jeans with a white blouse, adding a motorcycle jacket

E! News' source reports that Arie and Lauren 'couldn't keep their hands off each other as they cuddled and danced in the street outside the hotel.'

Adding: 'Arie and Lauren were all smiles as they kissed and embraced one another.'

For their Friday outing, Arie donned a navy jacket with coordinating trousers for their outing; he carried a shopping bag in one hand.

Adventure time: According to Page Six, the celeb-loved hotel is in the heart of Plaza Cataluna

Strike a pose: They made sure to take pictures together in their helmets

And another one: They also posed in front of the bike and had a passerby snap the photo

Getting ready: The reality personality's made sure to wear helmets for their ride

Meanwhile, Lauren showed off her slim frame in ripped olive jeans with a white blouse, adding a motorcycle jacket.

They just arrived to Barcelona after enjoying some time in Reykjavik, Iceland together.

Arie shared a snap posing with Lauren in front of the majestic Sagrada Familia, which is the largest unfinished Roman Catholic church in the world.

Distracted: Lauren was on her smart phone as Arie prepped the scooter

Here they go: Lauren seen getting on the scooter behind Arie

Having a blast: Arie shared a snap posing with Lauren in front of the majestic Sagrada Familia, which is the largest unfinished Roman Catholic church in the world

Action! Lauren shared an Instagram story while riding on the scooter with Arie

Lauren shared an elevator selfie to her Instagram stories, adding the caption 'Hood Lyfe.'

She also posted a video while seated behind Arie on the rented scooter.

Before heading to Barcelona, they posed for photo in front of the airline while at the airport in Reykjavik, Iceland.

While Lauren bundled up in a puffy fur trimmed coat and leggings, Arie kept it simple in a light jacket.

Upon arrival to the pricey Barcelona hotel, Arie posted a picture of some chocolate covered strawberries and champagne left inside their suite.

Keeping warm: Lauren shared an elevator selfie to her Instagram stories, adding the caption 'Hood Lyfe'

Exciting: Before heading to Barcelona, they posed for photo in front of the airline while at the airport in Reykjavik, Iceland

Fancy: Upon arrival to the pricey Barcelona hotel, Arie posted a picture of some chocolate covered strawberries and champagne left inside their suite

That's sweet: Arie shared an image of Lauren walking down a street in the Spanish city; he added 'Queen' to the Instagram story

While in Iceland, they visited the Blue Lagoon; the duo bundled up in heavy coats with boots for the tourist spot.

E!'s source also revealed that the Lauren has 'been telling everyone that she is excited to get married and wants it happen quickly.'

The insider noted: 'after everything that they have been through, they are ready to just seal the deal and spend forever together.'

Arie stirred up drama after he dumped his first choice Becca Kufrin on The Bachelor and proposed to Lauren on the After The Final Rose special.

He gave Lauren a 3.65 carat diamond cushion cut diamond ring, set on platinum.

So much fun: While in Iceland, they visited the Blue Lagoon; the duo bundled up in heavy coats with boots for the cold spot