Kristin Cavallari cringes while watching herself on The Hills and Laguna Beach Long before she became a wife, a mom, and an entrepreneur, Kristin Cavallari was the designated mean girl on Laguna Beach and its spin-off The Hills, but even she was surprised by what a 'b***h' she was while looking back on some of her most villainous actions.

The 31-year-old sat down with Cosmopolitan.com to relive her meanest reality TV show moments, ranging from her being the only girl to wear white to a black and white-themed party on Laguna Beach to fighting with Audrina Patridge on The Hills.

Kristin stirred up plenty of drama on the MTV shows, and while she owned up to some of her catty comments and pot-stirring in the humorous video, she revealed that some of the most drama-inducing moments were actually fake.

Scroll down for video

Did I do that? Kristin Cavallari was filmed reliving her meanest moments on Laguna Beach and The Hills

Standing out: Kristin is first shown footage of herself being the only girl to wear white to a black and white-themed party on the season one premiere of Laguna Beach

'I don't know if I want to relive these moments,' she jokes at the start of the clip. 'I don't remember being that mean. I guess I was.'

Kristin is first shown footage of herself wearing a white strapless dress at a black and white-themed party at a hotel on the season one premiere of Laguna Beach.

The then junior in high school caused quite a stir because she was the only girl who dared to wear white to the fete.

'I like how we are all wearing black and Kristin is wearing white. How ironic?' her on-screen nemesis Lauren Conrad gripes.

Kristin was just 16 years old when she filmed that scene, and 16 years later, she still seems to be a fan of the frock.

'Yes, I really wore white. That was all very real,' she says. 'No one told me to wear white. I really did that on my own — and I liked that white dress.'

Owning it: 'Yes, I really wore white. That was all very real,' she says, noting that she liked the dress

Imitation game: Kristen is quick to poke-fun at the 'non-existent looks' and camera angles on the show

Ready for another round: Despite cringing at herself, Kristin is doing another reality show, starring in her own E! series, Very Cavallari, which she was busy promoting on Extra on Friday

Looking hot! Wearing a black crop top and leather skirt, Kristin sat down with host Mario Lopez to discuss her new show, which focuses on her life in Nashville, Tennessee

Lauren can be seen giving Kristin the side-eye, and she jokes that this was what Laguna Beach was, 'these non-existent looks towards each other.'

Another clip from Laguna's second season shows Kristin planning a poker party with her friends Jessica and Alex when they realize the date coincides with someone else's bash.

'Oh whatever, I don't need to go there,' a young Kristin says, prompting the adult Kristin to comment: 'I'm such a b***h.'

But while Kristin may have her reservations about her time spent on Laguna Beach and The Hills, the experience certainly hasn't deterred her from giving reality TV another go.

The mother-of-three is currently busy promoting her latest on-screen project - her very own E! series called Very Cavallari, which documents her life with her husband Jay Cutler and their kids in Nashville, Tennessee, where Kristin just opened the first store for her lifestyle brand Uncommon James.

As far as her previous reality series however, Kristin appears to take everything with a pinch of salt, even managing to poke some fun at herself.

Mean girl: 'I'm such a b***h,' Kristin says while watching a clip of herself planning a poker night on the same day as someone else's party

Looking back: Kristin's debut on The Hills was the filming of Spencer Pratt and Heidi Montag's wedding in 2009, and she insists she was told where to sit

Feeling free: 'Probably could have worn a bra. Left the bra at home,' she says of her formal look

Take a scene from Spencer Pratt and Heidi Montag's wedding in 2009, for example, which was not only Kristin's debut on The Hills, it also happened to be Lauren's last appearance on the series.

While watching the clip, Kristen immediately picks out her fashion faux pas and pokes fun at herself.

'Probably could have worn a bra. Left the bra at home,' she says of her wedding attire, which consisted of a billowy royal blue dress.

The footage shows Kristen confidently sitting next to Justin Bobby and giving Lo Bosworth a wave, but she insists the bold entrance was not her idea.

'They told me exactly where to sit. I didn't just pick that seat,' she says, and she can't help but laugh and note that Lauren is 'so p****d' in the scene.

Some of Kristin's most dramatic on-screen fights occurred on The Hills, so it's no surprise she had to relive the moment she screamed at Audrina and Stephanie Pratt for coming at her like 'f*****g piranhas.'

Memories: She can't help but laugh and note that Lauren Conrad is 'so p****d' in the scene

Yikes! Kristin had to relive the moment she screamed at Audrina Patridge and Stephanie Pratt for coming at her like 'f*****g piranhas'

Heated: 'This is what happens after a bottle of tequila,' she says of the dramatic moment

Kristin admits she was drunk during the scene, and she couldn't help but mock herself after watching herself say, 'He's a big boy; he can handle himself.'

'This is what happens after a bottle of tequila,' she says. 'I blame Heidi and Spencer. They brought the bottle of tequila. This is there fault.'

The fight may have been real, but Kristin reveals that she and Audrina had actually tried to avoid a moment like that from happening.

'Audrina and I talked for weeks and weeks,' she says, explaining that they knew the producers wanted them to hate each other, but they vowed not to buy into the drama.

'My first day filming and this happened,' she recalls. 'I was like, wait a second. What is going on? We just had this conversation and now you guys are coming at me like . . . piranhas.'

'That guy needs to come out': Kristin points out that you can see her extension hanging from her ponytail in the following scene from The Hills

Hard to watch: Kristin got into numerous fights with Audrina about her then love interest Justin Bobby

Fiction: 'I also never dated Justin. Just want to put that on record. Never dated Justin,' she stresses. She's pictured with Justin Bobby at Spender and Heidi's wedding

Never one to shy away from pointing out her early style blunders, she notes that you can see her extension hanging from her ponytail in the following scene from The Hills.

'That guy needs to come out,' she says of the hair piece, before dishing about her on-screen drama with Audrina over her then love interest Justin Bobby.

'Sometimes I would say stuff sarcastically, and they would cut it together to make it seem like I was saying it,' she says. 'I also never dated Justin. Just want to put that on record. Never dated Justin.

'I remember we were in New York to promote the show, and I remember being like, "Audrina I never actually dated Justin," and she was like, "You didn't'?" So she believed it.'

Kristin adds that she never dated her former flame Brody Jenner on The Hills either.

Not real: Kristin insists that her on-screen drama with Brody Jenner's then girlfriend Jayde Nicole was also fake

The truth: 'I dated him when I was 18. He was my first boyfriend in LA actually. but never on The Hills,' she says of her relationship with him on the show

Kristin has returned to reality TV this summer with her E! series Very Cavallari, which documents her life in Nashville with her children and husband, Jay Cutler (picture)

'I dated him when I was 18. He was my first boyfriend in LA actually. but never on The Hills,' she says, insisting her on-screen drama with his then girlfriend Jayde Nicole was all fabricated.

'None of that was real,' she says of fighting with Jayde about her beau. 'Jayde and Brody were together during that whole thing.

'I don't member us getting that intense,' she admits. 'This was fake, so I don't really even know what to say. I will say, though, I am so happy this isn't my life anymore.'

Kristin has returned to reality TV this summer with her E! series Very Cavallari, but the show is less about boyfriend drama and more about her life in Nashville with her children and husband, Jay Cutler.

'Watching these clips is just like, ughh,' she says of her past life as an MTV reality star. 'I am so happy I am not in my early twenties and this is my world — like this was my world. I'm so happy that's in the past.'