Super facialist Shani Darden reveals winter skincare secrets She has worked with the likes of Chrissy Teigen and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley.

Now super facialist to the stars Shani Darden has imparted her wisdom to women on a beauty budget who want to look after their complexion during the colder months.

Among her tips for glowing winter skin, LA-based Shani, 44, recommends using a sulphur mask to treat spots and installing a dehumidifier in your bedroom to make sure you stay hydrated.

Here, she reveals her top tips for giving your skin a year-round glow.

Shani Darden, pictured, has imparted her wisdom to women on a beauty budget who want to look after their complexion during the colder months - and some of them will surprise you

1. Don't be fooled by grey skies

Always wear a sunscreen. It’s the absolute most important thing you can do for your skin. Work up to serums. They have the highest concentration of active ingredients. I love retinol serum as it’s such a multi-tasker. It boosts collagen in the skin, smooths fine lines and wrinkles, minimises pigmentation, and it will even help with acne!

2. How to fix redness instantly

The best thing to do to treat red, inflamed skin, is to stay away from products with a high amount of actives and instead stick to hydrating, soothing products. If you’re experiencing a breakout before an event, you could get an LED Light Treatment or use a blue LED light at home. Blue LED light kills acne causing bacteria and reduces inflammation!

3. Tackle seasonal skincare problems

If you’re using the right products for your skin type, you shouldn’t have to switch up your products as the seasons change. To combat dry skin in the winter, you could add in a hyaluronic acid to help your skin hold on to moisture. You can also use a humidifier in your bedroom at night!

4. Quick fix for pimples

It’s best if you can leave them alone. They will heal better and scar less if you don’t mess with them too much. I will use a sulphur mask to absorb excess oil and calm the skin! A blue LED light can help reduce inflammation.

Famous faces: Beauty guru Shani Darden has worked with the likes of supermodel Rosie Huntington-Whiteley (pictured in California this week in an Instagram selfie)

Chrissy Teigen (pictured in June) is just one of Shani Darden's countless celebrity clients, and winter the LA 'super facialist' has shared her top tips for glowing skin throughout winter

5. Getting ready for a major event

I love to do a lactic acid peel. It’s a great peel that isn’t too harsh! It makes your skin glow. Micro-current is another treatment I love that tones, tightens, and lifts the skin.

An oxygen treatment is also amazing as well. I have an oxygen dome that you can lay under with a mask on. The oxygen is infused with nutrients and will help the mask to further penetrate the skin for amazing hydration.

6. Wave goodbye to adult acne

Led Light Therapy can help acne; the blue light kills acne causing bacteria to clear up existing breakouts and prevent new ones from forming. Exfoliating 1-2 times a week is also very important. You have to remove the dead layer of skin on the surface.

7. How to wave goodbye to bags

Dark circles are often hereditary. The best solution is drinking tons of water, getting a lot of sleep, and keeping the under-eye area hydrated! If you’re dehydrated or your eyes aren’t moisturised properly, it’s going to show. They’re going to appear darker.

Model Suki Waterhouse (pictured in July) has also been known to turn to facialist Shani Darden for skincare advice and among her tips is ensuring you moisturise your neck as well as face

8. Boost skin health with supplements

I love Lumity supplements. I started taking them to nourish my skin from the inside out. They’ve really helped me to sleep better and just feel better overall. Being a mother and running a business, I need all of the help I can get.

9. Don't stop at the neck

The neck is an often overlooked area. In general, I take all my skincare routine down to my chest, especially sunscreen. If you only worry about taking care of your face, you neck and chest will end up looking drastically different.

10. Avoid puffiness

I actually love to keep eye masks in the fridge to depuff the under-eye area. Another trick of mine is to gently exfoliate your lips with a soft toothbrush and apply a super hydrating lip balm or lip mask afterwards for plump, hydrated lips.