Arielle Kebbel's Sister Reveals Disappearance Took Place During "Psychotic Break" More than a month after actress Arielle Kebbel announced that her sister, Julia, had been found safe after being missing for two weeks, Julia took to Instagram to explain what led to her disappearance, revealing that she suffers from bipolar disorder.

Using Arielle Kebbel’s Instagram account, the director of promotions at NBCUniversal wrote her story captioned under a photo of herself looking at a sunset on a cliffside. “My name is Julia Kebbel. I have bipolar disorder and suffered a severe episode at the end of January 2018,” the post read. “It led to me experiencing a psychotic break from reality, during which time, I went missing with my dog, Cindy.”

Julia thanked her loved ones and “good Samaritans” who helped her during the frightening ordeal, also revealing that she is “grateful for the treatment and care” she is receiving for her mental illness.

“I would like to thank every person involved in the search for us for your incredible outpouring of support and love,” she added. “On my road to recovery, I am hoping to help raise awareness of mental health disorders, including fighting the stigmatization of these illnesses that affect so many. I proudly stand with you. — With love and gratitude, Julia Kebbel.”

In a Feb. 3 Instagram post, Kebbel sent out an alert that her sister had gone missing in the Silver Lake area of Los Angeles while walking her chocolate Labrador retriever. The actress went on to file an official missing persons report with the LAPD. Two weeks later, Kebbel shared the news that her sister and dog had been found.

“It is with great joy and relief that I share the wonderful news that my sister, Julia, and her dog, Cindy, have been found safe,” the actress wrote on Instagram. “While we do ask for privacy at this time, my family and I want to thank everyone for all of your love and support over the past two weeks. We are so grateful to every single person who helped spread the word and joined us in our search. We would also like to thank the Los Angeles Police Department, KlaasKIDS, SERT Ministries and Anonymity Rescue for their efforts in bringing Julia home.”