Sophia Bush Lashes Out About 'One Tree Hill' Convention in Defense of Hilarie Burton Don't mess with Sophia Bush... and don't mess with her friends.

The 35-year-old actress took to Twitter, posting a lengthy message in response to those attacking her former "One Tree Hill" co-star, Hilarie Burton, for stating that she will not be attending an upcoming annual One Tree Hill EyeCon convention.

"I'm sorry Mary. I will not be attending any EyeCon events. Ever," Burton wrote to a fan. "I personally feel exploited by their 'girl power' angle, which exists at the expense of some of us who went through a difficult time on that show. They're using our sisterhood as a sales gimmick. No thanks."

Following her tweet, multiple members from EyeCon responded to the star on Twitter, which the organization then re-tweeted from their official account.

One Tree Hill: OMG Moments!

"@HilarieBurton 'Girl Power Angle' WOW I'm part of the Eyecon company made up of mostly women and I'm on that ME TOO list! You know nothing about US or the women who help me get out of bed ever day so I can find myself again," one member wrote.

"'Girl Power' isn't an angle, it's a way of life. I am proud to work for a company that is made up of mostly women. I am proud to be part of a company that puts smiles on people's faces. I am proud to be part of @EyeCon3000," another said.

After seeing the backlash from the EyeCon organization, Bush quickly came to her friend's defense. "Hilarie Burton is my sister. Don't f--k with her. Period," she wrote along with a lengthy supportive message.

As E! News previously reported, One Tree Hill showrunner, Mark Schwahn, was accused of sexual harassment by 18 cast and crew members in an open letter published in November. In addition, cast members including Bush, Burton, Jana Kramer and Bethany Joy Lenz expressed their support for their former colleague Audrey Wauchope who also accused Schwahn of sexual harassment.

"Let's get real clear, real quick," Bush wrote. Hilarie Burton is my sister. She is a big-hearted, brilliant, thoughtful, incredible human. She has had laser sharp, clearly defined integrity running up her spine as long as I have known her.

She is a human being. She has feelings. She is entitled to her OWN OPINIONS. She does not make statements hastily. She didn't say something about a business situation and the way that it was handled that was 'based on emotion, not logic.' And the fact that a 'business organization' would DARE to say such a thing has a fire burning in me.

So let's get brutally honest. You want to throw a 'women's empowerment' event but bash a woman who said that the way it's been handled doesn't feel good to her? A woman whose personal victimization took the world's stage this past fall? Whose sisterhood circled around her, and each other, to see to it that he be stopped from treating other women in such a way? How. Dare. You."

Read Bush's full response here.