Kim Kardashian reveals that North 'hardly talks' to brother Saint She's never shied away from talking about her famous family.

And Kim Kardashian admitted that her two children have a bit of a complicated relationship as North 'doesn't share' with her little brother Saint.

The 37-year-old reality television star revealed to Ellen DeGeneres that her four-year-old daughter 'hardly talks' to her two-year-old brother, but is starting to show a little more love after years of rivalry.

Scroll down for video

Talk about it: Kim Kardashian admitted that her two children have a bit of a complicated relationship as North 'doesn't share' with her little brother Saint

Kardashian told the talk show host that North was 'better' with Chicago than she was with her brother, but things may be looking better for the kids.

North's change of heart was sudden as Kim said '…there was a shocking moment yesterday. She literally had a can of popcorn and was like, 'Saint, do you want some?' And I was like 'What!?'

'You gotta understand, she does not share with Saint , she does not hardly talk to Saint, so that was such a big moment in my household.'

She previously alluded to their rivalry back in October, saying 'Obviously North loves Saint, she just is still jealous.

Cuties: The 37-year-old reality television star revealed to Ellen DeGeneres that her four-year-old daughter 'hardly talks' to her two-year-old brother, but is starting to show a little more love after years of rivalry; seen on Instagram

Family first: She previously alluded to their rivalry back in October, saying 'Obviously North loves Saint, she just is still jealous

'She needs to still get it together and warm up and like be a little bit nicer, but I think she is getting there. I saw glimmers of hope like a week ago. She’s not like harmful. She’s not like hurting him or anything.'

The mother-of-three gushed over her son in a tweet earlier this year, saying that the little guy is a genius.

'Guys I have to say my son is a genius! He’s two years old and knows how to spell gargantuan. Had to brag for a sec,' she shared on Twitter.

Kim also revealed to Ellen that she wanted to name her baby daughter Jo in tribute to her beloved grandmother, Mary-Jo Shannon.

The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star explained she wanted Chicago's name to be one syllable like daughter North, four, and son Saint, two, and so the moniker 'kind of messes' with her.

'We were gonna name her Jo because my grandma Mary Jo or we were gonna go with Grace and then it was Chicago,' she said.



'We were gonna name her Jo because my grandma Mary Jo or we were gonna go with Grace and then it was Chicago,' she said laughing

'Obviously because he's from Chicago but that is a place that made him,' the Kardashian said as she explained the reasoning behind her daughter's three syllable name

'But you told me you wanted a one syllable,' Ellen said in the teaser clip. 'When I was pitching names you said you wanted one syllable.'

'And I did,' Kim responded.

'So... Chicago is not one syllable.'

'Yeah, it kind of messes with me, I'm not gonna lie. I really like the one syllable thing,' Kim admitted.

Feeling perfect! Kim showed off her flawless figure in a two-piece ensemble

Excited! The reality star gushed over latest addition to her growing brood

Husband Kanye West was born and raised on the south side of Chicago

Legacy: The KKW Beauty mogul thought about naming her youngest daughter Jo after her grandmother Mary Jo

Ellen went on to ask: Because Kanye wanted Chicago? Because he's from there?

'I don't even know ... obviously because he's from Chicago but that is a place that made him.'

In an interview with HYPEBEAST in 2013, the Life Of Pablo singer showed his pride for the Midwest and said, 'Someone from Chicago is very sincere. They don't give a f*** about what anybody is saying as long as its from their heart. That's what it means to be from Chicago or be from the Midwest.'

TMZ caught up Kanye's childhood friend Common at LAX following the West's baby name announcement.

'Kanye and Kim are family. He deserves to be able to name his child Chicago for as much as he does for our city and as much as he loves our city,' he told the media outlet. 'And that's a fresh name for a kid. I love it.'

Going strong: Kim and Kanye are about to celebrate their fourth wedding anniversary in May