Look Thinner By Tonight Media Platforms Design Team

1. CUT CARBS AND DAIRY

One look at low-carb poster girl Jennifer Aniston is proof that this advice works. "Complex carbohydrates cause the body to hold water, and dairy is slow to digest; both can lead to bloat," explains Los Angeles nutritionist Kimberly Snyder.

2. EAT STRATEGICALLY

Breakfast: watermelon. Lunch: a salad of leafy greens, cucumber, asparagus, celery, and chicken with a light dressing of lemon juice, apple-cider vinegar, and a dash of olive oil. Dinner: a repeat of lunch. Preparty snack: celery with a tablespoon of almond butter. "Fruits and vegetables with a high water content will fill you up and help flush water out," says Snyder.

3. SOAK IN EPSOM SALTS

Add one cup to a bath and lie there for 15 minutes. "It will draw water out of your cells—kind of like reverse osmosis," says New York dermatologist Francesca Fusco.

4. NIX THE GUM

Avoid sugar-free gum. "You swallow air when you chew, creating gas, and the body can't digest the artificial sweeteners in gum, so you attract and retain water," says Los Angeles dermatologist Jessica Wu. Also, the repetitive movements build up your jaw muscles, so your face looks wider, she says.

5. CONSIDER A SUPPLEMENT

"A blend of taurine, a natural amino acid, and vitamin B 6 will help you lose water weight without losing essential electrolytes," claims Beverly Hills endocrinologist Eva Cwynar, who suggests an Abadi Ease Water Retention ($24) capsule three times a day.

6. DRINK TO DEBLOAT

Load up on water, and avoid anything with fizz, as the bubbles will distend your belly. "Plus, studies show diet soda causes cravings," warns Snyder. Afternoon slump? Crack open a cranberry kombucha. "It's a mild appetite suppressant. The cranberry is a diuretic, and the probiotics promote digestion for a flatter belly," says Snyder.

7. CAFFEINATE YOUR BODY

A spiked body serum or gel will reduce puffiness. "The caffeine is absorbed through the skin and acts as a mild diuretic," says Fusco. "You should see a difference in a few hours." Try Rodial Crash Diet ($90).

8. ENHANCE YOUR BONE STRUCTURE

Blend cream bronzer under your jawline and cheekbones. "It makes your face look more angular," says makeup artist Matin. Pull your hair up into a high ponytail or half updo to give your face an instant lift, suggests Wu.

9. BOOK AN AIRBRUSH TAN

A tan makes you look leaner, but strategic shading takes it up a notch. "Ask for a little extra misting on triceps and inner and outer legs to visually narrow them," recommends Los Angeles tanning pro Kelsey Jones.

10. PERFECT YOUR POSTURE

Slumpy equals dumpy. Los Angeles fitness pro Anna Rahe's tip: Standing, lift your butt as you shift your weight to your heels. Next, bring your rib cage up so your shoulders move back and open. Finally, gently draw the muscles running from your navel to your pubic bone back, in, and down. "You'll look taller and thinner," she promises.