Tinsley Mortimer Reveals What's Really Happening In Her Relationship with Scott Kluth Tinsley Mortimer and Scott Kluth have been keeping fans on their toes about their ever-fluid relationship status after Carole Radziwill introduced them during Season 9 of The Real Housewives of New York City. Sometimes the socialite and the Internet CEO are on — and sometimes they are off.

How to Watch Watch The Real Housewives of New York City on Bravo and Peacock.

At the time of the RHONY Season 10 reunion taping, Tinsley and Scott were together after a break earlier this summer — and he was even by her side when she celebrated her birthday earlier this month. As for why they are so on and off, Tinsley offered up this explanation about the dynamic of their relationship, noting that distance plays a big part in why they keep breaking up and making up.

"It's never anything specific, which is the most annoying. It'd be easy if it were something specific and you could say that's why," she said, adding that living in different cities certainly doesn't help. "The distance is difficult, but also he's so focused on his work and he's so busy that he starts to feel like he can't do both. He can't have me in his life and do both."

Related

Tinsley noted that when they are on breaks, Scott dates other women and that it makes her feel "not great. Not well, bitch."

She has also dated other men during their off times, but shared, "It sucks and I don't like it."

But, she's trying to be mature about their on-off status. "The thing is that I have to be an adult about that stuff. There's so many times in my life where I'm not an adult. And [when] it comes to this relationship, what am I going to do, be upset about some girlfriend that he dated for a little bit or something and then lose him over that? No, I'm gonna move forward. I dated, too. He dated. Let's just move forward."

As for her mom, Dale, well, Tinsley noted, "I am keeping those two apart until I have a ring."

Related

That brought up talk about whether or not Tinsley thinks she'll end up marrying Scott. "I see us engaged soonish. And I do because that is something we talk about," she said, before clarifying that she doesn't just want a husband, but that, fact, her heart belongs to Mr. Kluth. "I want Scott. I love Scott."

Check out a highlight from Tinsley and Scott's romance, below.