Olivia Wilde gets a hair makeover to stop resembling First Lady-to-be Melania Trump Olivia Wilde got herself a haircut on Monday, slithering in a few highlights for good measure, and seemed thrilled with it.

A GIF she posted to Instagram saw her puckering her lips as she lovingly bounced her new do against her hand.

'Feelin myself apparently,' she captioned, adding: 'Thanks to the master @harryjoshhair for the chop. #nomoremelaniahair.'

'When you blow @oliviawilde 's mind': On Monday, hairstylist Harry Josh posted an Instagram photo of the new do he'd given his client Olivia Wilde

Harry Josh, the hairstylist himself, uploaded his own Instagram photo showing the results of his handiwork on his client's head.

Wearing a comfortable-looking knit jumper, the House actress held her mouth slightly agape and flicked her tongue upwards inside it.

Josh captioned: 'When you blow @oliviawilde 's mind with a hair chop and highlights,' adding two heart emojis at the end.

'Feelin myself apparently': The 32-year-old herself posted a GIF in which she played with her no hairdo, her caption including the hashtag '#nomoremelaniahair'

Her previously longer and more solidly brown hair did, indeed, rather resemble that of Melania Trump, who on January 20 will become America's First Lady.

The 32-year-old's made no secret of her disgust for Melania's husband Donald Trump, having told Page Six in October that his candidacy was 'really sickening.'

In September, she'd revealed that her then-impending baby would be a girl in a tweet criticising Trump's remarks about women.

The way it was: Her previously longer and more solidly brown hair did, indeed, rather resemble that of Melania Trump, who on January 20 will become America's First Lady

Daisy Josephine Sudeikis, who wound up entering the world on October 11, is Wilde's second child and first daughter by her fiancé Jason Sudeikis.

Their firstborn was a son called Otis Alexander Sudeikis and was born in April of 2014, about three months after his parents got engaged.

She and Sudeikis, who is nine years his wife-to-be's senior, initially began dating in 2011 and have since played opposite each other in the 2013 film Drinking Buddies.