Kailyn Lowry Reveals She Was ‘Hooking Up’ With Ex Javi Marroquin Coming clean. Kailyn Lowry shared her relationship regrets and revealed that she was “hooking up” with ex-husband Javi Marroquin while they considered a reconciliation.

Related: Teen Mom Stars, Then and Now! It’s been quite a journey for the cast of Teen Mom. The series launched in December 2009 as the first spinoff from MTV’s 16 and Pregnant. The debut season followed the lives of Maci Bookout, Catelynn Lowell, Amber Portwood and Farrah Abraham, who all experienced very different journeys during their teen pregnancies. On season 5, […]

The Teen Mom 2 star opened up about her relationship with Marroquin in a series of tweets on Saturday, June 2. “Javi & I talked about getting back together at one point. Why? I don’t know because we both knew we didn’t want to & it would never work,” she revealed. “I regret even having those conversations. I regret filming about it. And hooking up w him as I know people from the reunion leaked that.”

2- Javi & i talked about getting back together at one point. Why? I don’t know because we both knew we didn’t want to & it would never work. I regret even having those conversations. I regret filming about it. And hooking up w him as i know people from the reunion leaked that. — Kailyn Lowry (@KailLowry) June 3, 2018

Marroquin, 25, recently announced that he is expecting a child with girlfriend Lauren Comeau, and Lowry wished them well, adding: “That being said, I am wishing him and his new family the best. I have no hard feelings about the baby whatsoever despite what people are saying.”

Related: Most Tumultuous Relationships in Reality TV History It wouldn’t be reality TV without a little bit of a mess. That’s definitely the case when it comes to finding love in front of the cameras. Over the years, fans have seen explosive fights and breakups on a wide variety of reality shows, including The Bachelor, Keeping Up With the Kardashians, Temptation Island and […]

Lowry spoke to Us Weekly exclusively about the situation. “Being on the show for so long, I get the ability to look back (literally) at decisions I’ve made and really reflect on my life. There are a lot of things I’ve been regretting lately,” she told Us. “As for Javi, the timeline is so messy. I regret ever revisiting our past and even speaking about a reconciliation. We’ve always made better friends than romantic partners. And I do wish him and his family the best.”

Related: Stars Who Got Their Start on Reality TV The road to success in Hollywood is a little different for every would-be actor, but these days, reality TV is becoming a major launching pad for some of the industry's biggest stars. Before they were red-carpet regulars, NeNe Leakes, Jennifer Hudson, Julianne Hough and Lucy Hale were among those who broke through as reality stars

The reality TV star also tweeted that she is now choosing to focus on herself and removing all “toxic people and situations” from her life. “For anyone, fans & supporters included, that I’ve hurt or offended, I apologize,” she added. “Sometimes I have to look at a situation & be honest with myself & I don’t think I’ve handled things the right way lately. Soooo I’m starting over.”

Alluding to her relationship with ex-girlfriend Dominique Potter, she added: “Also – don’t lead people on. I’ve been lead on & I’ve lead people on. Nobody benefits from it. Hooking up with someone else won’t get you over your ex.”

Marroquin reunited with Comeau this March after previously dating. He had been in a relationship with Teen Mom 2 star Briana DeJesus, but they split in January.