Brooklyn Decker Gives Birth to Second Child With Andy Roddick: First Pic! Now a family of four! Brooklyn Decker and Andy Roddick, have welcomed their second child together, a baby girl, Us Weekly can confirm.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2017 Babies on board! Click through to see all the adorable bundle of joys who were born in 2017

The couple welcomed their baby girl, Stevie, in Austin, Texas in late November. Decker, 30, revealed the news in an Instagram post on Wednesday, January 3. “A newborn, a toddler, a dog in a cone, a dog with a tumor but I’m having a good hair day so it’s fine we’re fine I’m fine,” the model wrote alongside a photo of herself cradling the infant.

The 35-year-old former tennis pro announced that the couple were expecting their second bundle of joy while being inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in Newport, Rhode Island, in July. During the athlete’s heartwarming speech, the star acknowledged his mother, Blanche, his late father, Jerry, his wife, Decker, their 2-year-old son, Hank, and to the surprise of many: their baby-to-be.

“Brook, I don’t know how you juggle it all,” Roddick said. “You hear a lot of guys find it very tough to walk away from professional sports, but you are the reason my personal transition into a quasi-everyday life has been gratifying and full. Hank will someday realize how lucky he is, and our daughter that’s coming will also realize she has the best mother on Earth.”

The 30-year-old Grace and Frankie alum has not been shy about showing off her pregnancy on Instagram.

“Today he turns 35! 1 and a half babies, and 10 years later- each day gets better and better. It really does. Happy Birthday, Husband. (He doesn’t have instagram so he’ll never see this- but isn’t it a cute picture?)” Decker captioned the cute moment.

The What to Expect When You’re Expecting actress went on to poke fun at her changing body by sharing a pic of her swollen foot in a black high heel shoe.

“I don’t even know where the leg ends and the foot begins anymore,” she wrote in jest.

Related: Just Like Us: Celebrity Moms From grocery shopping to bonding with their kids, see how star mamas spend their day

Shortly before giving birth, Decker opened up about her second pregnancy and admitted she was “shocked” when Roddick revealed the news. “I don’t know that he knew he was [ going to announce their pregnancy]. He just got so overwhelmed by the moment that he just sort of blurted out that we were pregnant and having a daughter,” she exclusively told Us Weekly in October. “I feel like physically, it has been a little bit more taxing, but I think that’s mostly because I’m chasing around a toddler. When you want to nap, you can’t just drop everything and nap like you can the first go around, but it’s been relatively smooth and easy pregnancy.”

Decker also told Us at the time that she and Roddick had chosen a “family name” for the newest addition to their brood.

The Friends With Better Lives alum, who revealed her pregnancy cravings included “ice” and “junk food,” said her son is excited to become a big brother. “He is crazy about the idea of a little sister, but again I don’t think he understands certain realities of what that actually looks like when a new baby comes into the house.”

Related: Celeb Moms Share Breastfeeding Pictures Mom power! Check out these A-list mothers who proudly show off their breastfeeding skills -- and their adorable babies, too

Decker and Roddick began dating in 2007 and tied the knot in Austin, Texas, in April 2009.