Mindy Kaling reveals she worked out until the morning she gave birth She welcomed daughter Katherine in December 2017.

And five months later, Mindy Kaling showed off her incredible post baby body for Shape magazine's June 2018 issue.

The 38-year-old actress revealed in her cover story that she gained only about 27 pounds during her pregnancy and worked out until the morning she gave birth.

Flawless: Mindy Kaling showed off her incredible post baby body for Shape magazine's June 2018 issue

Mindy said she made sure to eat healthy and workout during her pregnancy, because 'I knew if I had gained a lot of weight during my pregnancy, things could just fly off the rails in a really bad way.'

The star made sure to work out whenever she could and did things like 'yoga and a lot of walking.'

Mindy also 'jogged until I couldn't jog anymore. I exercised until the morning I gave birth.'

The Ocean's 8 actress said that she loves working out because of how it makes her feel.

She told Shape: 'I don't go to the therapy, and I think that's because I get endorphins from exercise. It's such a powerful tool for me mentally.'

Strike a pose: The 38-year-old actress revealed in her cover story that she gained only about 27 pounds during her pregnancy and worked out until the morning she gave birth

Mindy said that working out 'is a way for me to have mental strength,' adding that now that she's a mom, going to the gym is also a 'time that I have just for myself and to focus on my body.'

The dark haired beauty sported a one-shouldered ruched green gown with a cinched waist, adding chunky gold earrings.

Mindy painted her pout a pink hue with kohl lined lids, rocking sleek, deeply parted locks.

She also wore a green and white strapless gown for the shoot, as well as a slightly see-through green, black and blue lace dress.

So lovely: Mindy said she made sure to eat healthy and workout during her pregnancy, because 'I knew if I had gained a lot of weight during my pregnancy, things could just fly off the rails in a really bad way'

So gorgeous: The star made sure to work out whenever she could and did things like 'yoga and a lot of walking'

The Mindy Project star also said in the Shape magazine interview: 'I want my daughter to be proud of what I do. I want her to brag about me to her friends.'

The movie star noted that when Katherine was born, she was 'kind of skinny and anxious.'

Mindy said that she thinks her daughter 'was like, "Can this woman take care of me?" But during our many breastfeeding sessions, we've gotten to know each other.'

The Wrinkle In Time star said that Katherine has 'learned to trust me over time,' adding that she is a 'really happy baby.'

The star says that it's 'incredibly rewarding' to be a mom, and that it hits her 'all the time that I have somebody at home who not just wants to see me but needs to see me.'

Looking good: The Wrinkle In Time star said that Katherine has 'learned to trust me over time,' adding that she is a 'really happy baby'

She called it 'a really nice feeling' when 'someone needs you all the time, and they also kind of look like you.'

Mindy notes that she's always chatting and talking to Katherine because her doctor had said it's good for the baby.

The dark haired actress says that talks to her all the time; she spends her 'days narrating to her' and doing 'voiceover for her.'

Mindy quipped: 'Honestly, I feel like her first words are going to be, "Just stop. Please!"'

The June 2018 issue of Shape magazine with Mindy Kaling hits newsstands on May 22.