Nicole Kidman: I will work with a female director every 18 months Nicole Kidman has pledged to work with a female director at least once every 18 months as part of a wider effort to increase the number of women filmmakers in Hollywood.

The actor, who is currently promoting four separate projects at the Cannes film festival, said that it was important for women to support female directors at a time when there are so few working in film and television.

“I think it’s necessary to say that every 18 months I’ll make a movie with a female director, she told the New Zealand Herald on Tuesday. “Because that’s the only way statistics will change when other women start to go, ‘Oh, I’m actually going to choose only a woman now.’ So every 18 months there has to be a female director in the equation.”



Kidman later expanded on her comments in a press conference for new film the Beguiled, which premiered at Cannes on Wednesday. “Only 4.2 percent of women directed the main motion pictures of 2016, that’s a statistic from the Women in Film group,” she said. “There were 4000 episodic television series last year and only 183 women directed them. That says it all. So I think that’s an important thing to say and keep saying.

“We as women have to support female directors. Hopefully it will change over time, but everybody keeps saying ‘oh it’s so different now, oh it’s so different now’, and it isn’t.”

The Beguiled stars Kidman as the headmistress of a women’s seminary during the American Civil War who takes in a wounded enemy solider, played by Colin Farrell. Directed by Sofia Coppola, the film is an adaptation of the Thomas P. Cullinan novel of the same name. Cullinan’s novel had previously been adapted by Don Siegel in a 1971 film that starred Clint Eastwood. Coppola said in the press conference that she wanted to reinterpret Siegel’s film from a female perspective.

“The original movie is told from a male point of view, it would be interesting to tell the story from the women’s point of view, she said at the press conference. “Colin was our token male. He was a good sport about being our object.”

During the press conference Coppola also addressed the ongoing Cannes debate over Netflix’s practice of not giving films a theatrical release. “[A film] always looks better seen on the big screen,” she said. “We shot it for the big frame and not a phone. I hope people will see it in the theatre. That experience is such a unique one, especially in our modern lives.”

The Beguiled has received rave reviews from critics at the festival, with the Guardian’s Peter Bradshaw describing it as “a tremendously watchable movie, a drama-thriller with subtle touches of noir and black comedy.” The film is released in US cinemas on 30 June and UK and Australian cinemas in July.