Shawn Mendes Beat James Corden in an Epic Cover Battle Shawn Mendes seems to be good at everything, from dropping a no. 1 album to rocking Frances McDormand's leafy headdress at the Met Gala. So it's no surprise that he's also good at hosting late night television and slaying James Corden in a cover battle contest.

Shawn has been hanging out with James on The Late Late Show this past week; call it a takeover, call it guest-hosting, call it whatever you want — but we’re calling it our new favorite TV show. The latest shenanigans Shawn and James got into was a cover battle, where they competed in a subway station (AKA a set dressed up to look like they were singing in the subway) to see who could do the most epic cover. Shawn took on Oasis’s “Wonderwall,” while James whipped out a literal piano and sparkly jacket to do “Great Balls of Fire,” which definitely raised the stakes for Shawn.

Not to be outdone, Shawn transformed himself into “DJ Stitches,” a nod to his first big hit, and blasted “We Found Love” by Rihanna, complete with a light machine and sunglasses. James then masqueraded as all five Backstreet Boys by wearing puppets in white suits to perform “Everybody.” Their turf war finally ended when Shawn came down from the ceiling in a literal angel outfit to sing his own song, “There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back,” alongside a gospel choir. You don’t see that in a subway station every day, do you? In our opinion, DJ Stitches definitely won the cover battle.

Shawn and James shared more of their favorite music in an episode of Carpool Karaoke recently too. They sang some of Shawn’s biggest hits, like “Treat You Better” and “Mercy,” and Shawn even dressed up like Harry Potter to discuss his super-fandom of the book series. This week-long takeover of the Late Late Show has us thinking that Shawn could definitely have a career as a talk show host.

Let us slide into your DMs. Sign up for the Teen Vogue daily email.

Want more from Teen Vogue? Check this out: Shawn Mendes Opens Up About His "Harry Potter" Obsession on "Carpool Karaoke"