Gigi and Bella Hadid's dad Mohamed shows off his palatial Bel Air home Gigi Hadid is certainly raking in the big bucks now that she's a successful supermodel, but the 21-year-old millionaire's still got nothing on her father.

Mohamed Hadid, 67, is positively loaded — and the proof is in his incredible Bel Air mansion, luxuriously named Le Belvédère.

Mohamad and his wife Shiva Safai gave a peek inside their 48,000-square-foot home in the new issue of Harper's Bazaar Arabia, showing off a palatial estate that would make anyone wonder why Gigi and Bella would ever move out.

Scroll down for video

How the other half lives: Mohamed Hadid, 67, and his wife Shiva Safai showed off their incredible Bel Air home

Look inside: The stunning images of the home, which has distinct Middle Eastern influences, are in the latest issue of Harper's Bazaar Interiors

Showing it off: The couple appears on the cover posing proudly outside the home

Famous offspring: Mohamad is the father of supermodel Gigi Hadid, 21

Runs in the family: He has two other kids — Bella and Anwar — with his ex Yolanda

That's a big house! His 48,000-square-foot sits on 2.2 acres of land

The home, which has its own website, sits on 2.2 acres of land and consists of a three-floor main residence and a guard house.

Inspired by a French chateau, it's more museum than house, constructed and decorated with the work of nearly 1,000 workers.

'Antiques and rare art objects enhance every surface; newly designed furnishings offset vintage accessories,' the site reads.

Several glamorous photos in the new issue of the magazine show Mohamad and Shiva at home, dressed to the nines to match the house.

Fancy: He calls the home Le Belvédère and modeled it after a French chateau

Team effort: The website for the property says that over 1,000 people worked on building and decorating the place

For entertaining: There are both formal and informal living rooms as well as a bar lounge area

Decorating in style: The home is filled with art and antiques that Mohamed has collected from around the world

Homey: The couple particularly loves the kitchen, which has a walk-in fridge and was designed with a single piece in mind: a wood cabinet Mohamed found at a flea market

Home for the holidays: Their formal dining room, where they host dinner parties, seats 20

Lots of places to eat! In addition, they have an informal dining room and a breakfast room

Mohamed knows a thing or two about luxury. He designed Ritz-Carlton hotels and has developed other high-end properties including resorts and mansions ever since.

'The homes I have done in the Los Angeles area are a combination of neoclassical style with a very modern interior. I don’t follow trends so I make my own,' he told the magazine. 'I create homes that feel like a home — it could be a palace or a mansion — but each one has a comfortable feeling.'

They're also homes that are great for hosting. In an early episode of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, Mohamed and his ex-wife Yolanda threw an Arabian Nights-themed graduation party for Gigi here.

The main level of his home includes a formal living room, a formal dining room that seats 20, offices, a music room, a bar lounge, powder rooms, a breakfast room, a main kitchen, a butlers' pantry, and staff rooms.

Grand intro: The entrance has a beautiful chandelier and a spiral staircase

As Mohamed has shown on Instagram, the place is often filled with fresh flowers

Where the magic happens: There is a master bedroom with a sitting area upstairs, as well as several other bedrooms

So many rooms! However, the couple has separate closets outside the bedroom as well as separate his and hers dressing rooms

Thankful: Mohamed painted this portrait of his wife to make her feel like this was her home, too — and she said it was one of the sweetest gifts ever

Getting along: In an early episode of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, Yolanda and Mohamed threw a graduation party for their daughter Gigi at the mansion

Made for TV: The extravagant Arabian Nights-themed fete included all the housewives

The entrance includes a crystal chandelier that hangs over a spiral staircase, with huge pieces of art decorating the walls.

In fact, many of the rooms are adorned with large works of art, while sculptures, vases, and antiques with Middle Eastern influences are at every turn.

'All the old French and English homes and palaces incorporated heirlooms that families brought with them from abroad. These are things I have accumulated over the years. I ﬁnd a way to place them in my homes so that they become part of the house,' he said.

There is even a large portrait of Shiva, which he painted himself and she called 'one of the most beautiful things that anyone has ever done for me'.

Luxe picture frames, candlesticks, vases, and urns cover every surface

In addition to expensive art on the walls, photos of family — like the one pictured featuring Mohamed's daughters — fill the house

Place to chill: The pool is surrounded by grass and had a terrific view of LA

Pricey: Shiva said the big house is hard to maintain — and surely they must employ several gardeners and landscapers

European: The grounds are decorated with plenty of fountains and sculptures

Hanging out: There is also a lounge patio area for enjoying the California sun

The kitchen has a huge walk-in refrigerator, and the whole room was designed around a single carved wooden cabinet Mohamed found at a flea market.

Downstairs, there is a 5,000 bottle wine cellar, a ballroom that can accommodate 200 people, and a baroque home theater that seats 60 — where the couple has hosted viewing parties for the Oscars and World Cup.

'I want you to feel like you are going into a classic theatre but when you look up you see hand-painted paintings on the ceiling and yet still feel comfortable enough to put your feet up and watch a movie,' he said.

There's also a gym, a game room, and a Turkish-style spa with pieces imported from Morocco, Turkey, Indonesia, and China, which was once visited by Andrea Bocelli — who loved the acoustics.

The couple has space to host parties outside, and memorably hosted a party for Gigi on Real Housewives of Beverly Hills

Mohamed has posted several images of the meticulously-groomed gardens

What a place to call home! It seems easy to get lost around the outside of the house

Issues: Mohamed, however, has faced some legal trouble with the property lately

Uh-oh: In 2014, he had building permits revoked, but continued to build anyway

Sticking it to the man! He was then ordered to tear down some of the structures he built without permission, but refused

The law: He has since been charged with three criminal misdemeanors

Glam: It is unclear if the couple owns the swans or if they were visitors for this picture

Upstairs are several bedrooms, his and hers closets, his and hers dressing rooms, and even an outdoor sitting place with a fireplace.

And that's just the inside. The incredible verdant grounds include floral walkways and statues, a pool with a view, and fountains that bring European palaces to mind.

As amazing as the place is, however, Shiva indicated that it can be a bit overwhelming at times.

'It’s a beautiful home to live in but requires lots of work and constant maintenance,' she admitted.