EXCLUSIVE: Kate Beckinsale Dating 21-Year-Old Actor Matt Rife: See Their Steamy PDA! Kate Beckinsale has a new beau!

The 43-year-old actress is dating actor and comedian Matt Rife, a source close to Beckinsale tells ET. And the couple isn't shy about their relationship -- the two were spotted kissing outside of Villa Lounge in West Hollywood, California, on Tuesday.

Splash News

NEWS: Kate Beckinsale Reveals 'Marriage Proposal' From Teen Crush Rob Lowe With NSFW Postcard

Our source tells ET that Beckinsale met 21-year-old Rife through a mutual friend, and that they're "officially boyfriend and girlfriend."

"They quickly started flirting, went on their first date and it's continued since," the source says.

According to our source, Beckinsale's friends and family approve of Rife.

"Everyone in Kate’s circle loves Matt and are so supportive of this relationship," the source says. "He really is the sweetest guy and makes her so happy! Her entire family thinks he is the nicest and most lovely person.”

"He is very mature for his age and is a great guy," the source adds.

ET has reached out to Beckinsale's rep.

Rife is best known for appearing on Nick Cannon's MTV sketch comedy show, Wild 'N Out. And judging by his Instagram account, clearly, Rife and Beckinsale share a passion for fitness.



... And a penchant for modeling.

In a now deleted Instagram post on Tuesday, Rife playfully posed next to a Senior Citizens Center sign, writing, "Age is just a number," with a heart emoji.

"Age is just a number. Find someone you love, and take their breath away...even if that means putting a kink in their oxygen tank cord. #LifeAlertTypeOfLove," he joked.

Interestingly enough, Beckinsale portrays an older woman seducing a younger man in her next movie, The Only Living Boy in New York.



NEWS: Kate Beckinsale Says She's 'Never Actually Had an Entire Glass' of Alcohol

Beckinsale split from director Len Wiseman after 11 years of marriage in November 2015. The actress also has an 18-year-old daughter, Lily, from her previous relationship with actor Michael Sheen.

In April, both Beckinsale and her lookalike daughter showed off their toned bikini bods while on an amazing tropical vacation.

Watch below:



-- Reporting by Jennifer Peros

