Madison Beer steps out after Brooklyn reunites with Chloe Just days ago she admitted 'she can't do long distance relationships', when asked about Brooklyn Beckham who has recently moved to New York.

But LA-based Madison Beer, 18, seemed in good spirits as she headed out on the town on Thursday night.

The singer, who was discovered by Justin Bieber on YouTube aged just 13, turned heads in a low-cut LBD as she made her way to Delilah in West Hollywood, as her former flame, also 18, confirmed his reunion with Chloe Moretz, 20.

Scroll down for video

Looking for a new man? Madison Beer seemed in good spirits as she headed out on the town on Thursday night, despite ex Brooklyn Beckham appearing to confirm his romance with Chloe Moretz

But if Madison was bothered, she certainly didn't show it as she embarked on a girls' night out.

Making the most of her long lean legs, she slipped into a thigh-skimming LBD, adding a casual touch in a pair of Dr Martens.

The plunging dress featured a babydoll neckline, revealing a glimpse of her tanned decolletage.

Accessorising with a pair of delicate gold chains, she completed the ensemble with an edgy oversized biker jacket.

Leading ladies: The 18-year-old singer (right), who was discovered by Justin Bieber on YouTube aged just 13, confirmed she couldn't do 'long distance', as her former flame, also 18, appeared to confirm his reunion with New York-based actress and model Chloe Moretz, 20 (left)

Wearing her glossy brunette tresses in a high ponytail and opting for minimal make-up, she beamed as she chatted happily with her pal.

In July, Madison appeared to confirm her relationship with Brooklyn, revealing they 'hang out almost every day'.

Admitting they were into each other, she told AOL at the time: 'We are definitely crushing on each other. But we're both very busy ... He's great, he's a cutie, he's one of my best friends ... We hang out almost every day.'

But on Wednesday the singer, who spent much of the summer with Brooklyn in LA, confirmed they had decided against embarking on a relationship due to the long distance.

Speaking to People magazine, Madison confessed: 'I can't do long distance.'

Girls' night out! Making the most of her long lean legs, she slipped into a thigh-skimming LBD, adding a casual touch in a pair of Dr Martens

Leggy: The plunging dress featured a babydoll neckline, revealing a glimpse of her tanned decolletage

And just hours later Chloe Moretz appeared to confirm the reunion with former flame Brooklyn Beckham on Thursday, commenting with a heart emoji under his recent Instagram post.

Fans speculated that they could also see the model and actress in the shadow of the snap shared by the son of David and Victoria Beckham.

Brooklyn, who has moved across the pond to start a photography course at Parsons School of Design in NYC, uploaded a picture as he posed alongside his university lockers.

Chic: Accessorising with a pair of delicate gold chains, she completed the ensemble with an edgy oversized biker jacket

'We are definitely crushing on each other. But we're both very busy,' she said of their relationship earlier in the summer

And Chloe, who by the shadow appeared to be the photographer, soon commented with a heart emoji, and '@brooklynbeckham'.

The declaration sent his comments into a whirlwind, with one fan commenting: 'Please tell me you guys are back', while many more added: 'Back together and that's her in the shadow!'.

Another fan joked, 'Madison Beer is shaking', referring to his most recent ex, Justin Bieber's prodige.

Their 'split' appeared to officially clear the way for Brooklyn and Chloe, who began their romance in 2014, before splitting in 2015, then reuniting last summer.

'He's great, he's a cutie, he's one of my best friends ... We hang out almost every day,' she previously said of their relationship

'I can't do long distance.' she confirmed just days ago, before Brooklyn and Chloe appeared to confirm their romance

Chloe confirmed the couple had reignited their relationship during an appearance on Watch What Happens Live in early May 2016.

She told host Andy Cohen: 'We're in a relationship. It's fine. It's no biggie.

But months later, the young couple had split again.

However rumours of a reunion started swirling around as early as March, when he posted a picture of a blonde-haired girl from the back, while she shared a snap of two hands intertwined.

Instagram official? Chloe appeared to confirm the reunion with former flame Brooklyn on Thursday, commenting with a heart emoji under his recent Instagram post

Going public? The actress, 20, reignited long-standing rumours or a romantic reunion with the aspiring photographer, 18 when they were spotted in New York on Tuesday, after partying together in LA earlier in the month

Chloe left a half moon emoji on his post, while captioning her own picture with the same sign.

They were then spotted putting on a PDA-filled display at a party in LA at the beginning of August, with The Sun reporting that the actress 'openly told fellow guests they were giving their relationship another go.

'Brooklyn and Chloe arrived together and she was chatting with other guests about how they had got back together,' a source explained.

The ex factor: The couple split last summer after beginning an on-off relationship in 2014 (pictured at the Teen Choice Awards in July 2016)

The couple were then pictured enjoying a stroll through Manhattan on Tuesday, appearing to mark the beginning of a public reunion.

Last year the US actress last year opened up to ELLE magazine about her relationship with then boyfriend, shortly before their split in September.

'My boyfriend is a huge support,' she confessed. 'I mean, don't get me wrong, I don't need a man for anything, but when I'm feeling bad about myself, he's like, "Stop. Look at what you say in interviews. Look at what you stand for. Listen to your own words, because you're as beautiful as you say you are!'

Summer romance: Chloe and Brooklyn confirmed they were an item last May but split in September

Back on? Rumours of a reunion between the duo started swirling around as early as March (Pictured in 2016)

'All young women are more beautiful than they think, you know. And I like you more in sweatpants than I do when you're on a red carpet."'

Despite the age gap between the pair, she said her now 18-year-old ex was wise beyond his years.

'And it's nice to have a young man who's 17 years old be able to look at a woman that way. I think it means we're on the right track,' she added.