Cruz Beckham is compared to idol Justin Bieber with his vocal range Cruz Beckham drew comparisons with one of his favourite pop stars on Monday morning after his famous mother shared a short video of the teenager singing a brand new song.

David and Victoria Beckham’s youngest son, 13, impressed with his vocal range while singing a brief snippet of the unknown track, an apparent ballad with the rather poetic opening line: ‘I miss you like the sunshine misses the moon.’

Captioning the brief video, Victoria, 44, suggested the song may well be another collaboration with acclaimed songwriter and producer Rodney Jerkins, with whom Cruz worked on festive charity single If Every Day Was Christmas in 2016.

Hitting all the right notes: Cruz Beckham drew comparisons with pop star Justin Bieber on Monday morning after his famous mother shared a short video of the teenager singing a brand new song

Adding Jerkins’ Instagram handle alongside her son’s, she captioned the clip: ‘Kisses.’

But Victoria wasn’t the only one to be moved by aspiring singer Cruz’s acapella vocal skills, with many impressed fans comparing him to a well-known Canadian pop sensation.

Echoing the thoughts of many, one wrote: 'He's the next Justin Bieber. Coming up!'

Listen up: David and Victoria Beckham’s youngest son, 13, impressed with his vocal range while singing a brief snippet of the unknown track

This sounds promising: The song, an apparent ballad, opened with the rather poetic line ‘I miss you like the sunshine misses the moon'

Good job: Victoria wasn’t the only one to be moved by aspiring singer Cruz’s acapella vocal skills, with many impressed fans comparing him to Canadian pop sensation Bieber

While another raved: 'I think we got the next @JustinBieber on our hands here!'

Drawing further comparisons to the Sorry singer, a third wrote: 'This reminds me of when I first saw Justin Bieber singing With you to Esmee Denters. Check it on Youtube. Great potential!'

Amongst the complimentary references to the teenager's voice, another simply added: 'Next Justin Bieber.'

Here they come: The compliments flooded in on Monday morning, with the Bieber comparison proving to be a recurring theme

Passionate: Cruz has made no secret of his love of music and has already released one single, the festive charity track If Every Day Was Christmas, in 2016

High praise: Many fans praised the teenager on his 'amazing' singing ability

Cruz previously won praise after sharing a clip of himself singing Charlie Puth hit One Call Away in 2017.

But the teenager's passion for music came under scrutiny as fans branded David and Victoria as 'pushy parents' following the release of his debut single, despite the track being released for charity.

While he was clearly keen on following in his former Spice Girl mother's footsteps, David, 43, insisted that they didn't force him to embark on a music career - insisting that it was all Cruz's idea.

Old friends: Captioning the brief video, Victoria, 44, suggested the song may well be another collaboration with acclaimed songwriter and producer Rodney Jerkins, with whom Cruz worked on the festive single

Firm favourite: Cruz is thought to be a fan of Canadian pop star Bieber (pictured with the singer at the Teen Choice Awards in 2011)

'Cruz came for us very recently and said, "How about I do a Christmas song and all the proceeds go to charity?"' former Manchester united and England midfielder David told Good Morning America at the time.

'There’s nothing more to this than that at the moment. He’s 11-years-old, he’s still at school, he’s still concentrating at school, that’s the most important thing but he wanted to give back.'

He added: 'He’s done this amazing little Christmas song which has got a lot of attention and we’re very proud of him because he came to us with the idea. It’s kinda cool and he’s having fun.'

At the time the youngster also signed to Bieber's manager Scooter Braun, who was said to be close friends with Victoria and David.