Kelly Clarkson gets glammed for Golden Globes 2018 It's one of the biggest nights in Hollywood.

And the stars are taking fans inside their glamour process, as they prepare to attend the 57th annual Golden Globe Awards in Los Angeles on Sunday evening.

Heidi Klum, Kristin Cavallari and Kelly Clarkson were among the celebrities sharing over social media how they've been getting ready for the big night.

Scroll down for video...

All glammed up: Heidi Klum took to Instagram to share her Golden Globes preparation process

All hands on deck! Klum's makeup artists polished off her complexion to perfection

Heidi Klum shared a video of herself as her makeup artists worked hard on her complexion.

'Getting ready for the @goldenglobes,' she wrote in the caption.

Kelly, meanwhile, was sitting in the makeup chair when she posted her image.

The American Idol alum had a huge smile on her face as she got a facial.

Game time! The American Idol alum was in the middle of getting a facial and her hair done

Well tressed! Klum showcased her bare complexion as she got her hair done

Fashion statement! Tracee Ellis Ross rocked her Time's Up T-shirt as she got in the makeup chair

'Killin' this Golden Globes pre-game like tiger,' she captioned the photo, along with a tiger emoticon.

Meanwhile Kristin, who is hosting the red carpet countdown for E!, shared a black-and-white video of herself walking down a hallway in an elaborate backless gown.

'Golden Globes,' she captioned the video.

Many celebrities will be making a statement as they arrive to the Golden Globes, wearing all black in protest of Hollywood's culture of sexual harassment.

Her lips are sealed! Ross smiled as she applied a shade of lipstick on

Red carpet ready! Kristin Cavallari and Kelly Clarkson were among the celebrities sharing with fans how they've been getting ready for the big night

Simply stunning: The former Laguna Beach star, who is hosting the red carpet countdown for E!, shared a black-and-white video of herself walking down a hallway in an elaborate backless gown

Leading ladies: Salma Hayek and Ashley Judd seemed to be in good spirits ahead of the show

Friends: While Judd showed off her arms and Hayek opted for long sleeves, both starlets made a statement in black dresses

Reese Witherspoon and Eva Longoria are a few of the names behind the Time's Up movement, a new anti-sexual harassment and assault initiative, which asked attendees to wear black.

Ashley Judd and Salma Hayek seemed to be in great spirits ahead of the show.

While Judd showed off her arms and Hayek opted for long sleeves, both starlets made a statement in black dresses

Golden girl: Reese Witherspoon used a trendy filter while in the makeup chair ahead of the awards show

Bumping along! Pregnant Eva Longoria showed off her baby bump wearing a figure-hugging black gown

'Ready for the Golden Globes!' Eva's style team posed alongside the starlet before the awards show in all-black ensembles

Pregnant Eva Longoria showed off her baby bump wearing a figure-hugging long black gown.

Reese Witherspoon used a trendy filter while in the makeup chair ahead of the awards show.

Anne Hathaway seemed to be under the weather as she shared a photo on Instagram wearing a black dress, with the caption, 'In Solidarity from my sick bed,' followed by the hashtags #TIMESUP #WHYWEWEARBLACK #GoldenGlobes.

'TIMES UP!' Halle Berry showed off her long caramel-colored hair in a revealing photo shared to her Instagram account

Support: Anne Hathaway seemed to be under the weather as she shared a photo on Instagram wearing a black dress, with the caption, 'In Solidarity from my sick bed,' followed by the hashtags #TIMESUP #WHYWEWEARBLACK #GoldenGlobes

Bling it on! Jessica Biel snapped a photo of her Golden Globes look for fans on Instagram, with sparkling Bulgari bangles adorning her wrist and ears

Strong message: Zoe Saldana posted a makeup-free selfie on Instagram with the caption beginning, 'Women are important'

Tracee Ellis Ross rocked her Time's Up T-shirt as she got styled to perfection for the awards show.

Zoe Saldana posted a makeup-free selfie on Instagram with the caption beginning, 'Women are important.'

Millie Bobby Brown rocked a short silky black dress with billowing sleeves on Instagram ahead of her red carpet arrival.

Cute! Millie Bobby Brown rocked a short silky black dress with billowing sleeves on Instagram ahead of her red carpet arrival

Gorgeous: Viola Davis posed alongside her husband Julius Tennon wearing matching black velour ensembles

Wow! Sarah Jessica Parker gave fans a sneak peek of her all-black outfit which featured a diamond encrusted belt with her Time's Up pin prominently displayed

Viola Davis posed alongside her husband Julius Tennon wearing matching black velour ensembles.

Sarah Jessica Parker gave fans a sneak peek of her all-black outfit which featured a diamond encrusted belt with her Time's Up pin prominently displayed.

Later in the evening, Heidi showed off her black feathery dress on Instagram with the caption, 'Girlpower' followed by the hashtags #timesup #equality.

'Girlpower': Later in the evening, Heidi showed off her black feathery dress on Instagram with the hashtags #timesup #equality

Stand up: Amy Schumer shared that she couldn't make it to the show as she was home sick, 'but proud as hell to wear black in solidarity with my sisters'

Amy Schumer shared that she couldn't make it to the show as she was home sick, 'but proud as hell to wear black in solidarity with my sisters.'

Nick Jonas showed his solidarity with the Time's Up movement with the pin he would be wearing.

Sarah Hyland showed off the stunning diamond collection she would be wearing on the red carpet.

'Diamonds are forever,' she wrote in the hashtag.

Diamonds are a girl's best friend: Sarah Hyland showed off her stunning diamond collection

Showing his support: Nick Jonas showed his solidarity with the Time's Up movement

Man of style: Joe Jonas showed off his slick and suave style

Jessica Alba shared a snap breastfeeding her newborn son Hayes with a black heart over his head and 'Momlife' written in a black box.

The brunette beauty gave birth to her little boy just one week ago on New Year's Eve in Los Angeles.

Uma Thurman made the most of a friendly viewing party with a gaggle of gals wearing black and the caption, 'girl pile, in support of all.'

Mom! Jessica Alba shared a snap breastfeeding her newborn son Hayes with a black heart over his head and 'Momlife' written in a black box

Cozy! Uma Thurman made the most of a friendly viewing party with a gaggle of gals wearing black and the caption, 'girl pile, in support of all'

Back in black: Ashley Judd made sure to share her evening of fun on Instagram, starting with a group shot of her Time's Up friends on the red carpet

Ashley Judd made sure to share her evening of fun on Instagram, starting with a group shot of her Time's Up friends on the red carpet.

She captioned the photograph alongside Reese Witherspoon, Eva Longoria and Salma Hayek, 'These women are so incredibly inspiring. I am proud to stand beside you to tell the world,' followed by the hashtag #WhyWeWearBlack.

In another sweet snap, Ashley posed alongside Laurence Fishburne before taking a selfie with Octavia Spencer and the cast of The Shape of Water.

Smile! Ashley posed a series of selfies with friends at the Golden Globes

Let me take a selfie! Judd took a selfie with Octavia Spencer and the cast of The Shape of Water

'One of the great good guys' Ashley captioned a sweet photo alongside The Rock