Seeing stars: Intergalactic style is here to stay for 2018 Your support helps us to tell the story Read more Support Now From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging. At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story. The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it. Your support makes all the difference. Read more

Astrological motifs and space-inspired references have dominated both on and off the runway this season, as designers and the style savvy looked to the skies for their next fashion fix.

It’s official, stars are the new stripes.

On the high street, fashion bloggers went wild for Marks and Spencer’s Constellation midi dress, which sold out almost instantly – and when it was restocked at the end of October, it sold rapidly at a rate of one every 90 seconds.

Elsewhere, brands such as Reformation and Rixo London quickly became a firm favourite among the style set after plastering everything from cocktail dresses and skirts to swimwear in the pentagonal symbol.

If that wasn’t enough, with Star Wars fever gripping the world you can probably guess the pattern used on the Monse dress that actress Daisy Ridley wore to the premier of the latest movie in the franchise, Star Wars: The Last Jedi. That’s right, strapless and sequined all-over, the epic frock came covered in galactic glittering stars.

Of course, like most trends it may come as no coincidence that intergalactic motifs were first spotted on the runways of the Autumn Winter 2017 fashion shows.

open image in gallery Flounced Dress, £24.99, H&amp;M

Chanel staged its show around a double C-branded spacecraft that even had a mock liftoff, as well as astronaut prints, sparkly lunar boots and metallic space blankets.

Dior’s Maria Grazia Chiuri also explored constellations as an extension of her couture collection, with evening gowns emblazoned with phases of the moon, golden colours and cosmic elements scattered on sweaters.

open image in gallery Rose gold Starburst Short Drop Earrings, £15, Accessorize

A trend that proves entirely wearable in real life, if the thought of donning spacecraft-inspired garb is all a bit too Rebel Alliance for your liking, then there’s always jewellery.

Instead, star spangle your accessories with zodiac trinkets from Astley Clarke, twinkling jewels from Diane Kordas – or, if you’re on a budget, high street stores such as Topshop and Accessorize promise to light up your complexion.

open image in gallery Star Embellished Clutch Bag, £14, George at Asda

open image in gallery Star and Moon Print Frill Top, £29, Topshop