'Outlander' recap: Jamie and Claire reunite in a perfectly awkward, sexy episode Oct. 22, 2017 Updated Oct. 23, 2017, 7:08 a.m. ET

Spoiler alert: This post contains spoilers from Outlander Season 3 Episode 6.

Outlander knows its audience.

After five episodes with Jamie (Sam Heughan) and Claire (Caitriona Balfe) in separate times periods and zones, the Starz show finally brings the lovers back together for the sixth episode of Season 3, "A. Malcolm." And delivers what fans have been hoping for — a sweet, sultry reunion that mimics one of the show's best episodes ("The Wedding" from Season 1).

"A. Malcom" begins as Jamie, now running a printing business that distributes treasonous pamphlets promoting the Catholic church and Scottish independence on the side, starts a typical day. A female friend, who we later learn is no lady but a madame, helps tie his cravat, and the callbacks to the early episodes begin. Her attachment to Jamie gives us flashbacks to Laoghaire, vying to take Jamie's attention away from Claire.

As Jamie continues his quaint commute and early morning at the shop, we're introduced to two more characters who give us additional flashbacks. Though we've lost Rupert and Angus, two new bumbling friends, who've crashed the night in the print shop, are poised to take their place as comedic relief.

As he continues about his day, Jamie is stopped by Claire's voice like the Ghost of Christmas Past, fainting as he catches sight of his wife who he hasn't seen in 20 years.

It's an awkward rekindling, as one would expect, filled with pregnant pauses and timid embraces. As Jamie realizes he spilled his cup on his pants during his brief blackout, we're reminded just how unsure the lover's relationship is after so much time past.

"Do you mind?" Jamie says, modestly asking Claire to turn as he undresses.

"It's alright, we are married. At least I suppose we are," Claire says.

Then there's that little embarrassing detail that bachelor Jamie lives in a brothel, the madame of which has come to fancy having the handsome gentleman to herself.

But the parallels to "The Wedding" come starkly into focus as Claire and Jamie make their way to the bedroom.

The two get to know each other again over a dinner with plenty of wine and whiskey, just as they did when they first fell in love on their wedding night. When they move to the bed, what unfolds is an all-too-real sex scene filled with accidental bumpings of heads and self-conscious worries about how time has changed their bodies.

It's a realistic portrait of what sex may look like with a long lost love — or as realistic as possible considering it's set in the 18th century setting, the time travel and all that supernatural jazz.

That's what viewers have come to expect from the show and what keeps them tuned in. The sex scenes aren't ultra glossy Hollywood renderings (though Heughan and Balfe are as hot as ever), or the forced, possibly rape-y scenarios like those of Game of Thrones.

Outlander has never been geared towards the male gaze, rather the female. And with enough plausibility as to make the fantasy seem at least somewhat plausible.

With "A. Malcom," the show hit that sweet spot yet again.