Social Media Continues To Blast Chris Brown Over Beyonce Wish Chris Brown has a serious problem.

What it is? The polarising nature of his legacy.

For, while some commend him for maintaining his position as one of the world’s biggest stars, many cite his declining pure sales and quality of his new material as grounds for their refusal to name him one of the greats.

Worrying, as he now finds himself forced to look on as Beyonce, Rihanna, Bruno Mars and Drake elevated to heights his critics believe he will never reach.

You can tell Chris Brown writes his own music. 1. Bc it’s repetitive 2. It’s basic. He’s not living up to his potential, and he had chances to do so, but being rich since an early teen kinda hinders your growth as person. Or so I’ve heard. — ehhhh (@muhfugginjkells) February 11, 2018

Now, the critical mass has launched a scathing attack on his art after he took to Twitter to reveal that he’d like to tour with the first three artists mentioned above.

Why?

The public’s estimation of Chris’ career below…

Lmao Chris brown really has been making the same cheap ass music for years. I always felt like I was alone in that — Angela Renay (@angie_goodwood) May 10, 2017

y’all smokin crisp dick if you think Chris Brown could bring anything to a Beyonce/Rihanna/Bruno concert. — kit es muy frio (@kxxvik) February 10, 2018

I’m so tired of yall hyping up Chris Brown and his dancing. Like that nigga is gassed up way too much just to be doing some simple ass pop/lock and flips. If he were to EVER get the opp to go on tour with Bruno,

Rihanna, or Beyonce, he’d be opening for them IN THAT ORDER. pic.twitter.com/4ZE0BkU2BW — ??? (@virgheaux_) February 12, 2018

.@chrisbrown you should’ve said a world tour with Usher, not Beyonce. You no where near her level. Whoever gassed you up, lied to you Beyonce has more #1 albums and #1 hits than you.

Beyonce doesn’t lip sync. And she can sing & dance at same damn time! Something you can’t do — Kayla’s Dad (@Byron_mk7r) February 12, 2018

?????????? Chris Brown fans so delusional some think he’s a better performer than Beyoncè ??? Beyoncè sells out stadiums world wide stoppppp itttt ? — aunt veev (@veevgabrielle) February 13, 2018

Chris Brown has an entire swarm of DELUSIONAL fans who don’t buy his music . They been in my mentions all day with these alternative facts pic.twitter.com/sPL3tRY9Kw — tony (@gawdcompIexx) February 12, 2018

yall really trying to convince people that chris brown has classics and is on par with beyonce? delusional — camille (@camilllionairre) February 12, 2018

Chris Brown fans are by far the actual dumbest, most delusional people I’ve ever had the displeasure to interact with. pic.twitter.com/OaeUjTuGbm — Damiyoncé (@macaDAMIANut_) February 12, 2018

The only time Beyoncé was inspired by Chris Brown pic.twitter.com/pWeEOio2eZ — Beys Industry (@BeysIndustry) February 12, 2018

Rihanna is a full-out mogul. Beyoncé is hailed as the greatest living entertainer by legends. Bruno has done with 3 albums what Chris Brown still hasn’t achieved after 8. Are you trying to drag him yourself or are you really this delusional? https://t.co/ao5wa3AxRd — ladies is pimps too (@ultimatenegro) February 10, 2018

chris brown really put himself in the same category as rihanna, beyonce, and bruno mars. i’m logging off. — king crissle (@crissles) February 9, 2018

Chris Brown’s boxscores from his recent tour. Struggled to sell out arenas, but somehow he’s on Beyoncé’s lvl and surpassed Michael Jackson. ??? pic.twitter.com/9gj6L440Zz — TenNumber-OnesBish (@BeyonceStanBish) February 12, 2018

y’all just be retweeting anything. Rihanna has 14 #1 hits, Bruno Mars has 7 #1 hits, Beyoncé has 6 #1 hits and Chris Brown only has 2. That nigga ain’t no where close to their level and y’all need to stop boosting him pic.twitter.com/sAMoZJTMvG — reggie (@1942bs) February 11, 2018

Beyoncé: *Serves SUPERIOR vocals, performs without running out of breath, has 22 Grammys, 6 #1’s, all albums #1, gives outstanding performances, has a Peabody award, has ASCAP writing award, last album has over 100 awards* Ashy twitter: “Chris Brown can do a backflip tho” — ? (@zaddyyonce) February 12, 2018

??? You’re a real Chris Brown fan. Wasn’t no way in hell I was gone listen to his voice for 4 hours — King of the Amazons?? (@BlackSupaMon) February 13, 2018

Totally unfair.

However, with so many agreeing with the messages above, we hope the undeniably gifted Brown uses the criticism as motivation to deliver music and videos just as brilliant he is.

Bruno’s first & 2nd album went 6x platinum. None of CBs done that. Which is why he can sell out arenas dolo and CB as of late needs all his friends on the card. He got lazy and now reduced to being on rap hooks w/ 2012 Wayne bars being sung — Just Be You (@WalkLikeWalt) February 12, 2018

Your thoughts?