Kim Kardashian shares new images from makeup collaboration with Kylie Jenner Kim Kardashian shared several new images with her sister Kylie Jenner on Sunday.

The ladies were seen side by side as they plugged the new winter color collaboration. 'The KKW X KYLIE II collab is now on KKWBEAUTY.COM 4 new lips in deep rich tones!' wrote Kim in the caption.

And the women also both offered a 30% discount on their own lines, KKW Beauty and Kylie Cosmetics, for Cyber Monday.

New snaps: Kim Kardashian shared several new images with her sister Kylie Jenner on Sunday

Matchy: The ladies were seen side by side as they plugged the new winter colors. 'The KKW X KYLIE II collab is now on KKWBEAUTY.COM 4 new lips in deep rich tones!' wrote Kim in the caption

The ladies smoldered in red lipstick with their dark hair groomed just so for their new collaboration. There were a variety of closeup photos.

And there were images of the makeup too.

Kim shared her 30% discount on Monday: 'Have you shopped our #CyberMonday sale yet? Get 30% off site wide until Tuesday, 11.27 at 12PM PST and choose Afterpay at checkout to purchase your favs in 4 easy, equal payments. Head to KKWBEAUTY.COM now to shop.'

And Kylie did the same for her regular Kylie Cosmetics. 'Cyber Monday has officially started early on KylieCosmetics.com! 30% off the entire site. some new items excluded #CyberMonday #HappyShopping,' she said.

Dramatic: The ladies smoldered in red lipstick with their dark hair groomed just so for their new collaboration. There were a variety of closeup photos

Product shots: And the lip colors were seen up close in their tubes

New colors for the cold months: Here is a look at the two logos stacked on top of each other

Kim also shared another post where she was offering a 20% discount on her perfumes.

This comes after Kim announced she is releasing its first ever mascara.

The lash-booster comes as a part of the brand's Glam Bible Smokey Volume 1 set, which features a full collection of products that allow you to re-create the Keeping Up With the Kardashians star's signature look.

The product is described as a long-lasting creamy formula which defines lashes instantly and the beauty mogul claims the mascara is the 'Holy Grail' of beauty needs and is the perfect Christmas gift for loved ones.

Kimyie: The ladies were also seen in this image shared earlier this month

Sirens: This is the photo they used to plug their Black Friday sales

In a statement, she said: 'This is the Holy Grail for all my beauty needs, I wanted everyone to have access to the products and tools you need to recreate some of my favourite looks, and there's no better time to treat yourself or your loved ones than the Holidays!'

The Glam Bible also includes a new six-shade eyeshadow palette, false lashes, a black pencil liner, a brick red blush, a glittering gold highlighter, a peach lip liner, two lipsticks with peachy tones, a make-up sponge, a lip and eyeliner sharpener and finally, a powder puff.

The collection will be released this Black Friday, November 23 on kkwbeauty.com.

New sale: On Monday Kim shared this image with the note: 'Have you shopped our #CyberMonday sale yet? Get 30% off site wide until Tuesday, 11.27 at 12PM PST and choose Afterpay at checkout to purchase your favs in 4 easy, equal payments'

Eye see money: Kim launched her first mascara. The 37-year-old reality star's KKW Beauty is releasing its first ever mascara this Friday and the lash-booster comes as a part of the brand's Glam Bible Smokey Volume 1 set, which features a full collection of products

Kimology: In a statement, she said: 'This is the Holy Grail for all my beauty needs, I wanted everyone to have access to the products and tools you need to recreate some of my favourite looks'

This isn't the only exciting news from the brand as it was announced earlier this month that Kim would be collaborating for a new make-up collection with half-sister Kylie Jenner - who owns Kylie Cosmetics.

The pair previously joined forces for a cosmetics collection in 2017, and have now announced that 'part two' is just around the corner, as they'll release a new joint collection which will also drop on Black Friday.

Kim was on Ellen DeGeneres' TV show on Wednesday where she talked her nude photos.