Bristol Palin goes home to Alaska after divorce reports Bristol Palin has returned to Texas after spending some time quality time with her family in her home state of Alaska amid reports her husband Dakota Meyer has filed for divorce.

The 27-year-old mother-of-three, who has two daughters with Dakota, took to Instagram on Wednesday to post a snapshot of herself enjoying the Alaskan winter with her two-year-old Sailor Grace.

'Already missing AK,' she captioned the image, which shows her eldest daughter bundled up in a bright pink snow suit while cuddled in her arms.

Missing her home state: Bristol Palin took to Instagram on Wednesday to post a snapshot of herself enjoying the Alaskan winter with her two-year-old daughter Sailor Grace

Home again: The 27-year-old spent about a week in Alaska with her children, her parents, Sarah and Todd Palin (far right), and her siblings

Little Sailor has on a fleece hat, a purple hood, and pink galoshes for the outing, while Bristol is sporting a tan knit cap and a black ski jacket.

Both of their faces are pink from the cold as they smile for the camera.

Last week, a source told DailyMail.com that Dakota, 29, has filed for divorce from Bristol after less than two years of marriage.

The veteran filed paperwork three weeks ago, according to the source, and moved out of the couple's Austin home around Christmas. The source also said that Dakota has blocked Bristol on social media.

Dakota and Bristol were married in a private ceremony back in 2016, a little over a year after calling of their first wedding just days before the ceremony.

They have two daughters together, Sailor and their nine-month-old Atlee Bay, who was born in May. Bristol also has a nine-year-old son, Tripp, from her relationship with her former fiancé Levi Johnston.

Support system; Bristol shared a photo of herself posed with her mother, sisters, and cousins less than a week after it was reported her husband Dakota Meyer had filed for divorce

Grandma's big day: Two days after it was revealed that Dakota, 29, had filed for divorce, Bristol posted this photo of her mother celebrating her 54th birthday with her son Tripp

The news was first reported by TMZ, which later stated that Dakota filed for divorced from Bristol on January 29 in Texas, using only their initials.

Bristol was in Alaska with all three of her children when the news broke on February 13.

Just two days before, Bristol posted a snapshot of her mother, Sarah Palin, holding up a cake in honor of her 54th birthday.

'HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY MOMMA thank you for being my voice of reason, my strongest supporter, and my greatest friend [cheers emoji] to 54 #54how #bionic,' she captioned the image, which also shows Tripp eating a piece of cake.

She later posted a photo of herself posed with her sisters Willow, 23, and Piper, 16, and her female cousins, calling them 'some of my favs.'

During the visit, Bristol's sisters both shared photos of themselves bonding with their nieces.

Look of love: Bristol's sisters Willow (left) and Piper (right) shared photos of themselves with her daughters Sailor Grace and Atlee Bay, respectively

All smiles: Dakota posted this snapshot of himself with Jocko Willink on February 8, less than two weeks after he filed for divorce from Bristol

Forced smiles: Dakota have two daughters together, Sailor Grace and nine-month-old Atlee Bay. Bristol also has a nine-year-old son, Tripp, with her former fiancé Levi Johnston

Willow posted an Instagram snapshot of herself tickling Sailor, while Piper shared an image of herself holding little Atlee.

Bristol appeared to spend about a week in Alaska before she returned back to her home in Texas.

In May 2017, a few months after Bristol and Dakota moved to Austin, she explained on her Patheos blog that they both agreed to 'meet in the middle' and move somewhere between Alaska and his home state of Kentucky to raise their family.

It's unclear if Bristol plans on staying in Texas following the divorce, but she had nothing but nice things to say about the state in a February 15 blog post.

'Texas – obviously – is very very different than Alaska,' she wrote. 'But I’ve found the people to be warm and inviting. It’s so cool that this nation is made up of so many different types of climates and people!'

Bristol's relationship with Dakota has been rocky to say the least. The pair got engaged during a Rascal Flatts concert in Las Vegas in early 2015, planning a wedding in Kentucky.

Meet me at the altar in your white dress: Bristol and Dakota were married in June 2016 (above shortly after their ceremony), six months after the birth of their daughter Sailor

Boot scootin' bogey: He moved out of the couple's home in Austin around Christmas a source told DailyMail.com. The family is pictured together in November 2017

'These girls are my everything': Dakota shared this Instagram snapshot on January 6

But less than a week before the ceremony, Bristol announced the wedding would not take place, and instead of tying the knot, she set off on an RV trip in Alaska with an exotic model.

A month later she announced she was pregnant with Sailor Grace, although she initially refused to say whether Dakota was the father.

She admitted that her second out-of-wedlock pregnancy was 'a huge disappointment to my family'.

'I do not want any lectures and I do not want any sympathy,' Bristol said.

'Everyone knows I wanted more kids, to have a bigger family. Believing I was heading that way, I got ahead of myself. Things didn't go as planned, but life keeps going on.'

Sailor Grace, was born on December 23, 2015, and the couple went through a custody battle after the birth, with Sarah Palin shaming her now son-in-law when he asked for child support in court papers.

Loved-up: On May 17, 2017, Dakota shared this photo with a sweet caption: 'My #wcw goes out to the woman that helps me be a better man!'

Back in the day; Bristol and Dakota spend the holidays in Alaska with the Palins 14 months ago

Start of it all: The pair got engaged during a Rascal Flatts concert in Las Vegas in early 2015, but they called off their wedding just a week before the May ceremony

'For many months we have been trying to reach out to Dakota Myers [sic] and he has wanted nothing to do with either Bristol's pregnancy or the baby,' Sarah told Entertainment Tonight in a statement after learning about Dakota's child support request.'

She then said that Meyer was just trying to 'save face.'

Bristol's rep also released a statement, saying: 'My values are such that a real American hero doesn't ask for child support.'

Six months after Sailor's birth, Bristol and Dakota surprised everyone by revealing they were married.

Dakota had first revealed he and Bristol were back together just days prior with a photo he posted on Facebook and Instagram, which showed her wearing a diamond ring.

'On one hand, we know that everything happens for a reason, and there are no mistakes or coincidences,' Dakota wrote.

Growing family: The couple welcomed daughter Atlee Bay in spring 2017 after secretly marrying a year before

Partners: Unlike the birth of Sailor, which happened when the couple were estranged, Dakota and Bristol were happily together for Atlee Bay's birth

Happier times: As recently as October 2017, the couple were sharing 'date night' selfies together

'On the other hand, we learn that we can never give up, knowing that with the right tools and energy, we can reverse any decree or karma.

'So, which is it? Let the Light decide, or never give up? The answer is: both.'

Over the course of their marriage, both Bristol and Dakota frequently shared photos of themselves on social media while gushing about their love for each other.

However, they haven't been pictured together in over two months, since Bristol posted an image of them enjoying Thanksgiving dinner with their children.

The also appeared to have taken their children to see Santa Claus together in early December, but Bristol wasn't featured in any of the pictures she shared.

On January 7, Dakota posted a family portrait that was taken a few months prior, writing: 'What matters.'

Before it was revealed that Dakota had filed for divorce, he was suspiciously absent from tribute Bristol posted on Instagram on February 9 in honor of Atlee turning nine months old.