Terri Irwin reveals why Bindi's boyfriend Chandler Powell is the perfect man for her daughter The matriarch of Australia's most famous wildlife conservationalist family, Terri Irwin, has revealed exactly why she approves of her daughter Bindi's boyfriend Chandler Powell.

Speaking to US Weekly recently, the 54-year-old enthused over her 20-year-old daughter's relationship with Chandler, 21, saying: 'I really think that this is a long-term situation. I mean, Chandler is perfect as well.'

She continued: 'I've never heard him swear. He doesn't drink. He's just awesome. He's the kind of man you hope for your daughter, so I think I'm lucky.'

'I've never heard him swear, he doesn't drink, he's just awesome!' Terri Irwin, 54, has revealed why her daughter Bindi's boyfriend Chandler Powell is 'the kind of man you hope for your daughter'

However, when quizzed by the publication on whether a wedding is imminent, Bindi was quick to shut down speculation.

'I promise I'm not engaged yet. I swear when I do get engaged, I will not be that secretive,' she implored.

'Right now, we're enjoying our lives together. I think we forget to revel in the moment and revel in the now,' she said.

Wild love story! Bindi, who is the daughter of late conservationist Steve Irwin, met wakeboarder Chandler in 2013 when he was visiting the Irwin family-owned Australia Zoo

Bindi, who is the daughter of late conservationist Steve Irwin, met wakeboarder Chandler in 2013 when he was visiting the Irwin family-owned Australia Zoo.

Chandler previously discussed the story of their fateful encounter during an episode of Dancing With The Stars back in 2015.

'I'm a professional wakeboarder. I was there (Australia) for a wakeboard competition. We were stopping by the area where the zoo was so I thought it would be awesome to go visit Australia Zoo,' the Florida-born sportsman explained.

Next step, marriage? The couple recently took their relationship to the next level when Chandler moved to the Irwin family's famous 100-acre property

'And she ended up giving me a tour and we ended up staying in touch ever since,' he said.

The couple recently took their relationship to the next level when Chandler moved to the Irwin family's famous 100-acre property.

'I'm so lucky that I've met someone who is excited and up for the challenge of our wonderful busy life,' Bindi recently told PEOPLE magazine. 'He is just amazing.

'Since he relocated, we're having a great time throwing Chandler into everything. In the afternoon Robert [her brother] has been taking him out to feed the freshwater crocodiles and the gators.'

The teenager added that Chandler loves conservation and wildlife as much as she does, adding that it's helpful he's so strong as he can handle jumping on the crocodiles.