Emmys red carpet sees Nicole Kidman and Heidi Klum wow The 69th Emmy Awards kicked off in Los Angeles with a glitzy red carpet on Sunday evening.

Sofia Vergara led the fashionable pack at this year's award show in a strapless white dress, with her ample cleavage and hourglass curves on full display.

The Sinner star Jessica Biel, supermodel Heidi Klum and actress Nicole Kidman also stepped on the carpet at Microsoft Theater on Sunday in plunging looks, all choosing breathtaking gowns with revealing necklines.

Scroll down for video

Star power: Sofia Vergara , Jessica Biel, Heidi Klum and Nicole Kidman all chose plunging looks for this year's Emmy Awards, which took place at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles

Sofia's mermaid-style Mark Zunino dress turned heads on the carpet; the 45-year-old Modern Family star complemented the bombshell look with diamond encrusted earrings and rings by Lorraine Schwartz.

Jessica, who is married to Justin Timberlake, slipped on a blush and silver Ralph & Russo gown, complete with a low-cut neckline and thigh-high slit.

The TV star's shimmering frock had a plunging back and a sheer cape-like detail, adding even more glamour to the eye-catching look.

Former runway star Heidi chose a Peter Dundas dress with a deep slit; the mother of four stunned in her crimson number, which she accessorized with an Atelier Swarovski by Fiona Katur clutch.

Va va voom: Sofia Vergara showcased her curves in a strapless white gown that dipped low in front, revealing her cleavage

Family night out: Sofia brought her son Manolo Gonzalez-Ripoll Vergara as her date for the Emmys

Simply the breast! Sofia showcased her ample cleavage in her jaw-dropping look

Sizzling: She smouldered on the carpet as she posed with her hands on her hips

Flaunting it: The 45-year-old actress looked breathtaking in a figure-hugging strapless white gown with a sweetheart neckline

Taking a spin... Posing confidently with her hands on her hips, Sofia twirled around in front of the cameras, showing off every angle

Wow: Jessica, who is married to Justin Timberlake, slipped on a blush and silver Ralph & Russo gown, complete with a low-cut neckline and thigh-high slit

Legs for days: The brunette beauty showed off her long legs in the dazzling silver and peach dress

Turning heads: The TV star's shimmering frock had a plunging back and a sheer cape-like detail, adding even more glamour to the eye-catching look

Nicole, 50, was a vision as she hit the carpet in a red Calvin Klein dress; the actress showed off her slim waist and a hint of her cleavage in the incredible frock.

The Big Little Lies actress arrived with her handsome and very dapper husband, country singer Keith Urban.

Her co-star Reese Witherspoon went for a completely different look for this year's Emmys.

Sultry: Heidi also chose a Peter Dundas dress with a deep slit; the mother of four stunned in her crimson number which she accessorized with an Atelier Swarovski by Fiona Katur clutch

What a natural: Heidi added layers of textured bangles on each hand, adding a matching clutch

Lady in red: The German supermodel looked incredible in the red hot ensemble, teasing a hint of leg in the eye-catching dress

Playful: Nicole was a vision as she hit the carpet in a red dress; the actress showed off her slim waist and a hint of her cleavage in the incredible frock by Calvin Klein

Date night: The Big Little Lies actress arrived with her handsome husband, country singer Keith Urban

Glamorous: Nicole was hard to miss in her dramatic dress dress, sweeping her train around in style

Reese, 41, flaunted her legs in a midnight blue blazer inspired Stella McCartney dress, which cinched at the waist and showed a hint of her lace bra.

The mother of three chose velvet heels, adding red lipstick, chunky diamond earrings and sleek hair.

A very blonde Shailene Woodley wowed in her plunging Ralph Lauren Collection Custom emerald green velvet evening dress; the sultry number had a pleated skirt and an open back.

The 25-year-old, who has starred in hits like Big Little Lies and The Divergent franchise, put her cleavage on display in the racy red carpet look.

Suited up: Her co-star Reese Witherspoon went for a completely different look for this year's Emmys

Strike a pose: The mother of three chose velvet heels, adding red lipstick, chunky diamond earrings and sleek hair

Sexy: A very blonde Shailene Woodley wowed in her plunging Ralph Lauren Collection Custom emerald green velvet evening dress, which had a pleated skirt and an open back

What a beauty: The 25-year-old, who has starred in hits like Big Little Lies and The Divergent franchise, put her cleavage on display in the racy red carpet look

Fashion trendsetter Zoe Kravitz, 28, turned heads in her colorful frock by Dior; the stunning actress, who also starred in Big Little Lies, paired the statement look with Tiffany jewelry.

Stars flocked the carpet in black, including Julianne Hough, Keri Russell, Michelle Pfeiffer, Shameless star Emmy Rossum, Julie Bowen and Gabrielle Union just to name a few.

Julianne Hough wowed as she arrived at the bash, with the Dancing With The Stars judge showing off her toned figure in a fabulous black Marchesa gown, embellished with delicate pink flowers.

Like Julianne, actresses Leslie Jones, Keri Russell and Michelle Pfeiffer made quite the entrance in black dresses with sheer elements.

She can wear anything: Fashion trendsetter Zoe Kravitz turned heads in her colorful frock

In love: The stunning actress paired the statement look with Tiffany jewelry; pictured with her boyfriend Karl Glusman

Flower power! Julianne Hough wowed in a delicately embellished Marchesa gown as she arrived for the Emmys on Sunday

Stirke a pose: The Dancing With The Stars judge looked her best in a fabulous black gown

Carpet time: The stars line up to pose for the cameras; Julianne pictured

Actresses Emmy Rossum and Robin Wright looked incredible in glittering black dresses with strapless necklines.

Robin, 51, brought her equally stunning daughter, Dylan Francis Penn, 26, who wore a vintage inspired Dolce & Gabbana dress.

Jane Krakowski had all eyes on her in a plunging black dress, adding bold red lipstick and sleek tresses.

The Late Show host James Corden posed alongside his pregnant wife, Julia Carey; they are expecting their third child together.

Amazing: Like Julianne, actresses Leslie Jones, Keri Russell and Michelle Pfeiffer wowed in black dresses with sheer elements

Staying close: Keri Russell posed alongside her longtime love Matthew Rhys; the star together on the show The Americans

Mr. and Mrs: Emmy Rossum and husband Sam Esmail made their red carpet debut as husband and wife; they married in May

Sizzling: Emmy (l) looked incredible in a glittering black Zac Posen dress, which had a strapless neckline and a voluminous skirt; Robin Wright (r) had a similar frock but with a plunging neckline

Mini me: Robin brought her equally stunning daughter, Dylan Francis Penn, 26, who wore a vintage inspired dress

Fashion forward: Jane Krakowski had all eyes on her in a plunging black dress, adding bold red lipstick and sleek tresses

TV star Jaimie Alexander was dressed to impress in her Naeem Khan gown, which included gold leaves and birds embroidered on it.

Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown, 13, led the way for gowns with voluminous skirts at this year's awards show.

The teenager, who became a household name after her role in the Netflix series, chose a silver and white strapless ballerina inspired look by Calvin Klein.

Lea Michele, 31, and Debra Messing, 49, both slipped on maroon gowns with shimmering fabric.

Legs for days: TV star Jaimie Alexander was dressed to impress in her Naeem Khan gown, which included gold leaves and birds embroidered on it

Ageless stars: Jessica Lange (l) and Susan Sarandon (r) posed alongside each other on the red carpet; both ladies made breathtaking arrivals

Dapper: The Late Show host James Corden posed alongside his pregnant wife, Julia Carey; they are expecting their third child

What a sweet moment! James, 39, couldn't help but smile when he cradled Julia's growing baby bump

Exquisite: Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown, 13, wowed in a ballerina inspired dress, complete with delicate heels

While the former Glee star's Elie Saab dress had a slightly see-through skirt, Debra's Romona Keveza frock featured a one-shouldered neckline.

Will & Grace star Debra spiced up her ensemble with a stunning beauty look by Lancome, which make-up artist Jeannia Robinette described as a 'bronze, golden goddess look' that focused on the eyes.

'We went for a modern, classy beauty look with all the focus on the eyes. I really wanted the eyes to pop and keep everything else a bit more natural,' she explained.

Alec Baldwin brought his stunning wife Hilaria Baldwin to the Emmys; Hilaria stood out in her Badgley Mischka gown with yellow flowers.

Laverne Cox looked every inch the star that she is in a textured silver Naeem Khan gown with a futuristic pattern.

Princess-cut: Lea Michele, 31, and Debra Messing, 49, both slipped on maroon gowns with shimmering fabric

Mesmerizing: Lea, a former Glee star, chose an Elie Saab dress with a slightly see-through skirt

Close: Alec Baldwin brought his stunning wife Hilaria Baldwin to the Emmys; Hilaria stood out in her gown with yellow flowers

Priyanka Chopra and Tracee Ellis Ross both slipped on silver and white ensembles with an elaborate design; Priyanka glowed in her Balmain gown and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry and Tracee wowed in her Chanel dress.

Ariel Winter, star of Modern Family, showed major skin in a completely sheer Steven Khalil dress with two thigh-slits; the braless actress added strappy heels and silver eye makeup.

Sarah Paulson and Madeline Brewer both rocked intricately detailed dress with poofy sleeves.

Sizzling in silver: Laverne Cox (c) flaunted her incredible body with a textured design; Lilliana Vazquez (c) stunned in a beaded gown with a mermaid finish; Veep's Anna Chlumsky (r) wore a sparkling gown in the same silver shade

Feathered: Priyanka Chopra and Tracee Ellis Ross both slipped on silver and white ensembles with fringed detailing; Priyanka glowed in her Balmain gown and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry and Tracee wowed in her Chanel dress

Siren: Ariel Winter, star of Modern Family, showed major skin in a completely sheer Steven Khalil dress with two thigh-slits

Inseparable: Ariel Winter, 19, brought her boyfriend actor Levi Meaden; Levi turned 30 on September 13

Eighties touch: Sarah Paulson and Madeline Brewer both rocked intricately detailed dress with poofy sleeves; Sarah wore a Carolina Herrera dress while Madeline donned a Berta number

And another one: Mary Elizabeth Winstead (l) also chose a poofy sleeved dress by Armani Prive for the ceremony, accessorizing with an Atelier Swarovski clutch; Claire Foy (r), who stars in The Crown, wore a silver and black number

Padma Lakshmi kicked off the pink and red trends, opting for a vibrant hue; the 47-year-old TV star flaunted her cleavage in the curve hugging gown, which featured a mermaid skirt.

The mother of one complemented her glamorous look with the ACLU blue ribbon pin, which was also wore by a number of stars at this year's Emmys.

Modern Family star Sarah Hyland flashed her toned midsection in a crimson and red gown with a cut-out detail.

The 26-year-old beauty's sleeveless gown had a leaf pattern emblazoned on the glittering fabric.

Actress Edie Falco and Yvonne Strahovski both stunned in red dresses, although Yvonne's had a plunging neckline.

Goddess: Padma Lakshmi continued with the pink trend, but opted for a vibrant hot pink hue

Pretty in pink: The 47-year-old TV star flaunted her cleavage in the curve hugging gown, which featured a mermaid skirt

Stunner: Modern Family star Sarah Hyland flashed her toned midsection in a crimson and red gown with a cut-out detail

Sultry: Actress Edie Falco (l) stunned in a clingy dress, adding glittering diamond jewelry and shimmery makeup; Yvonne Strahovski (r) chose a plunging frock in the same hue, opting for a silky finish

Red hot: Yvonne, who revealed she got married over the summer, wore a custom Julien Macdonald gown with Cartier jewels

Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez stunned in her revealing red dress with sheer sleeves and a deep-v neckline.

Gillian Anderson, 49, looked beautiful in her burgundy gown; the frock had delicate lacing in the back.

Singer and actress Anika Noni Rose glided on the carpet in a showstopping pink and silver gown.

The Hills vet turned fashion pundit Kristin Cavallari was the first to pose at the splashy television event, which took place at Microsoft Theater.

The 30-year-old wife of football star Jay Cutler made it a night to remember as she looked absolutely fantastic in a lavender dress with slits up the side and silver heels while strutting her stuff down the red carpet.

The MTV star wore long diamond earrings and her big rock from Jay.

Plunging: Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez stunned in her revealing red dress with sheer sleeves and a deep-v neckline

Bringing the drama: Kyra Sedgwick, 52, wowed in her berry and nude layered frock by Elie Saab

She doesn't age! The Closer actress chose a tantalizing dress, complete with sheer detailing and a polka dot pattern

It's all in the details: Gillian Anderson, 49, looked beautiful in her burgundy gown; the frock had delicate lacing in the back

Stunner: Westworld star Thandie Newton was a vision in her ball gown at this year's Emmy Awards

Flawless: Continuing with pink trend was singer and actress Anika Noni Rose, who glided on the carpet in a showstopping pink and silver gown

Blonde beauty: The 69th Emmy Awards kicked off in Los Angeles with a glitzy red carpet on Sunday evening. The Hills vet Kristin Cavallari was the first to pose at the splashy television event

Diamonds really are a girl's best friend: The MTV star wore long diamond earrings and her big rock from Jay Cutler

Jane Fonda owned the carpet in her hot pink gown with a statement-making skirt, cinched waist and long-sleeves.

The 79-year-old legendary actress looked absolutely incredible in her frock, adding massive diamond and emerald earrings and silver pointed heels.

The Handmaid's Tale star Elisabeth Moss flashed her decolletage in her pale pink number by Prabal Gurung; Vanessa Kirby's frock had an intricate neckline and cinched waist.

Although they've been married for 20 years, William H. Macy couldn't help but stare in awe of his wife Felicity Huffman.

The actress, 54, made an elegant arrival in her baby blue gown with her husband William, 67, by her side.

Eye opening: Jane Fonda owned the carpet in her hot pink gown with a statement-making skirt and a cinched waist

Feminine and flirty: The Handmaid's Tale star Elisabeth Moss flashed her decolletage in her pale pink number; Vanessa Kirby's frock had an intricate neckline and cinched waist

Elisabeth, who stars on Hulu's The Handmaid's Tale, wowed in a Prabal Gurung gown with Forevermark jewels

Black and white: Actress Laura Dern turned heads in her patterned floral dress with a fringed skirt detail

Power couple: Felicity Huffman and William H. Macy posed up a storm on the carpet; Felicity wowed in her light blue look

Taking in the view: Although they've been married for 20 years, William couldn't help but stare in awe of his wife Felicity

Good looking: The Handmaid's Tale star Joseph Fiennes brought his lovely wife Maria Dolores Diequez

Flower power: Mad Men star Kiernan Shipka, 17, (l) chose a delicate floral and glittery ensemble for the Emmys; Vanessa Bayer (r)stunned in her patterned gown as well

Giving their love to flowers: Regina King (l) chose a silver and black Galia Lahav gown; Alex Hudgens (r) chose one with red

Showtime: Elizabeth Marvel chose a deep red and black ensemble, adding emerald earrings

Talented: Margaret Atwood (l) was also on hand; the show The Handmaid's Tale is based on her successful novel; Catherine Dyer (r) chose a bold look

Sheer delight: Erin Lim chose a sheer red, black and silver gown by Raisa & Vanessa; pictured with Lamorne Morrie

Ravishing: The Walking Dead actress Sonequa Martin-Green (l) posed with her husband Kenric Green; Issa Rae (r) in red too

Viola Davis made a bold statement in her orange gown; her clingy gown hugged her curves and perfectly complemented her gold clutch.

The Walking Dead actor Jeffrey Dean Morgan, 51, and his wife Hilarie Burton, 35, shared some PDA on the carpet upon arrival.

Hilarie glowed in her tangerine toned layered gown while her husband of three years suited up in a velvet blazer.

Melissa McCarthy decided to go with a polka dot patterned frock; she hit the carpet with her husband of 12 years, actor Ben Falcone.

Colorful: Mackenzie Davis (l) and Gugu Mbatha-Raw (r) not only stayed close on the carpet but also chose the same hue

Happy as can be: Reed Morano, the director for The Handmaid's Tale, chose a white and yellow frock

Beaming: Viola Davis made a bold statement in her orange gown; her clingy gown hugged her curves and perfectly complemented her gold clutch

So in love: Jeffrey Dean Morgan, 51, and his wife Hilarie Burton, 35, shared some PDA on the carpet upon arrival

Close: Tracy Letts and wife Carrie Coon posed together on the carpet before heading in

Neutral: Shannon Woodward looked lovely in a light colored dress with pleating

Beaming couple: Melissa McCarthy decided to go with a polka dot patterned frock; pictured with husband Ben Falcone

Nothing mellow about it: Westworld star Angela Sarafyan (l) stood out in her highlighter yellow gown as did Jennifer Nettles (r) in her similar hued look

Golden: Lauren Adams (l), Titus Burgess (c) and Julia Louis-Dreyfus (r) chose gold elements for their looks

All that glitters: Amanda Brugel chose a unique look with a gold pattern down the center

Emerald goddess: Black-ish star Yara Shahidi was the picture of class in her nude frock with green and silver embellishments

Gold class: Alison Wright (l), Susan Kelechi Watson (c) and Kristine Leahy (r) glimmered in their shiny gowns

Samira Wiley, 30, arrived in a stunning custom Christian Siriano dress to the awards show, and a pair of Sophia Webster heels; she was arm in arm with her wife Lauren Morelli, 35.

The Orange Is The New Black actress married Lauren, a writer on the hit Neflix show, in March of this year.

Westworld actress Evan Rachel Wood, 30, decided to wear trousers and a blazer by Moschino to the Emmys.

Giddy: Samira Wiley, 30, arrived in a stunning custom Christian Siriano dress to the awards show, and a pair of Sophia Webster heels; she was arm in arm with her wife Lauren Morelli, 35

Suited up: Westworld actress Evan Rachel Wood, 30, decided to wear trousers and a blazer by Moschino to the Emmys

Classic: Ajiona Alexus (l), Alessandra Mastronardi (c) and Marsai Martin (r) looked incredible as they arrived to the show

Looking sharp: Anthony Anderson and his pretty wife Alvina Stewart were a coordinate couple in black and white; the actor suited up in Giorgio Armani

Good look: Uzo Aduba (l), Jeffrey Tambor and Kasia Tambor (c) and Kate McKinnon (r) dazzled as well in their neutral looks

Roses on the carpet: Allison Janney chose a floral patterned lace dress with a delicate neckline

Glamorous couple: Chris Hardwick and his wife Lydia Hearst looked good on the carpet in a pair of Sophia Webster heels

Good choice: Ann Dowd posed on the carpet in her classic look while Liev Schreiber matched with his son Kai

Glittering: Neve Campbell paired diamonds with a shimmering dress for this year's show

Wow: Jackie Hoffman (l) posed up a storm while John Lithgow (r) Mary Yeager beamed

This Is Us actress and newly engaged star Mandy Moore went for a unique gown, featuring black and white tones and a layered tulle skirt; the 33-year-old donned a Carolina Herrera dress with Jimmy Choo heels.

Her co-star Chrissy Metz beamed on the carpet in her patterned deep green frock; she chose a Lela Rose dress with Stuart Weitzman heels.

Milo Ventimiglia - who donned a Ralph Lauren Purple Label black peak lapel tuxedo for the occasion - and Sterling K. Brown, who are also part of the This Is Us cast, both looked handsome in their suit and bow ties.

No gray area! This Is Us actress Mandy Moore went for a unique look, featuring black and white tones and a layered skirt

Eye-catching: The 33-year-old donned a Carolina Herrera dress with Jimmy Choo heels

Gorgeous arrival: This Is Us actress Chrissy Metz beamed on the carpet in her patterned deep green frock

Good looking gentleman: Milo Ventimiglia suited up for the Emmys in a Ralph Lauren Purple Label black peak lapel tuxedo with a bow tie

Wow: His co-star Sterling K. Brown brought his wife Ryan Michelle Bathe, who wowed in a yellow frock with dazzling heels

So in love: The sweet couple shared a PDA moment on the carpet before heading inside the annual show

Birght: Tessa Thompson donned a unique look by Rosie Assoulin, adding Giuseppe Zanotti heels and John Hardy jewerly

Lavender was represented on the Emmys red carpet by Rashida Jones, who wore a J Mendel gown and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry, and Ruby Modine.

Ruby, 27, is the stunning daughter of Stranger Things actor Matthew Modine; she has previously starred in Shameless.

Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt star Ellie Kemper, 37, chose an embellished navy dress by Jenny Packham.

Dapper guy: Matt Smith chose a navy suit, adding a white button up and and a bow tie

Handsome men: Riz Ahmed, Seth Meyers and David Harbour also attended the show

Nice choice: Westworld star Jimmi Simpson looked good in his deep blue suit, adding a matching bow tie

Lovely in lavender: Rashida Jones (l) and Ruby Modine (r) were the picture of elegance in her pastel gowns

Family first: Ruby, 27, is the stunning daughter of Stranger Things actor Matthew Modine (pictured)

Happy duo: LL Cool J brought his wife Simone Smith, who glittered in her berry colored gown and matching lipstick

One of the best dressed! Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt star Ellie Kemper chose an embellished navy dress by Jenny Packham

No looking back: Rhea Seehorn's deep blue look had buttons all the way down the back and along the train

Perfect: Producer J.J. Abrams showed off his pretty wife, Katie McGrath; Katie wowed in her navy gown with a unique clutch

Stranger Things actress Shannon Purser, 20, made a bright arrival in her emerald gown, which featured sparkling butterfly detailing along the front.

Her co-star Natalia Dyer, also 20, chose a lime green dress by Vera Wang Collection, adding Jimmy Choo shoes.

Stranger Things actors Joe Keery and Charlie Heaton flanked the star on the carpet; Joe chose a John Varvatos tuxedo and Charlie donned a Gucci set.

Finn Wolfhard, Noah Schnapp, Gaten Matarazzo and Caleb McLaughlin of Stranger Things posed as a group on the Emmy red carpet.

Jewel toned: Stranger Things actress Shannon Purser, 20, made a bright arrival in her emerald gown, which featured sparkling butterfly detailing along the front

Focused: Her co-star Natalia Dyer, also 20, chose a lime green dress by Vera Wang Collection, adding Jimmy Choo shoes; pictured with Joe Keery (l) and Charlie Heaton (r) - both are on the show as well

They've seen Stranger Things! Co-stars Finn Wolfhard, Noah Schnapp, Gaten Matarazzo and Caleb McLaughlin pose

Modern Family's Rico Rodriguez, 19, attended the bash with his sister, Disney star Raini Rodriguez, 24, in Sherri Hill. The two certainly had fun on the carpet, with Rico dancing for joy in front of the cameras.

Jeremy Maguire, five, from Modern Family shows off her bright blue cape.

Ty Burrell, who also stars on Modern Family, posed next to his gorgeous wife Holly Burrell; they wed in 2000.

His on-screen wife Julie Bowen, 47, slipped on a unique dress by Alberta Ferretti.

TV presenter Louise Roe showed had on a black velvet Adeam gown that was plunging in front and had lace sleeves as well as a lace finish that she paired with black sandals decorated with pearls.

Sister act! Modern Family's Rico Rodriguez, 19, attended the bash with his sister, Disney star Raini Rodriguez, 24, in Sherri Hill

Caped cutie: Jeremy Maguire, five, from Modern Family shows off her bright blue cape

Good times: Ty Burrell, who also stars on Modern Family, posed next to his gorgeous wife Holly Burrell; they wed in 2000

All grown up: Modern Family actor Nolan Gould, 18, chose a navy suit with a bow tie and patent dress shoes;

Handsome duo: Modern Family's Jesse Tyler Ferguson posed next to his husband of four years, Justin Mikita

Art factor: His on-screen wife Julie Bowen slipped on a unique dress by Alberta Ferretti

LBD: Yvette Nicole Brown (l), Judith Light (c) and Tatiana Maslany (r) looked lovely in their chosen gowns

Detail oriented: Rachel Bloom (l) and Kathryn Hahn (r) both rocked black dresses with a unique touch

Bombshell in black: Louise Roe had on a black velvet Adeam gown that was plunging in front and had lace sleeves as well as a lace finish that she paired with black sandals decorated with pearls

Happy: The 35-year-old English television presenter, model, and fashion journalist held onto her bump

What a gown! Giuliana Rancic wore a huge ballgown, with layers and layers of chiffon

More black: Natalie Morales, on the left, wore a semi sheer dress and Nancy O'Dell, right had a one-shoulder gown

Iced to perfection: Celebrity chef Sandra Lee looked perfectly poised in her extravagant white latex gown

Dressed up: Jared Harris posed next to his wife Allegra Riggio at the show; he has starred in Fringe, Mad Men and The Crown

Having a blast: TV personality Zuri Hall showed off her fringed dress by Raisa & Vanessa

Dapper and darling: Fashion guru Cameron Silver looked handsome in a black suit as he escorted McKenzie Westmor

Shades of red: Entertainment Tonight's Leanne Aguilera and TV host Tanika Ray posed hand on hip in their bright frocks

Ethereal: Actress Evan Rachel Wood dazzled in an all-white silk ensemble

All white on the night: Halston Sage stunned a floor-skimming white dress with quirky shoulder detailing

Strike a pose: Halston joined forces with designer Zac Posen (left) while Joel Kinneman and Cleo Wattenstrom (right) posed up a storm

Rainbow hued: Tessa Thompson looked incredible in a rainbow coloured, pleated lame gown

Dazzling: The stunning star made a big impression as she arrived on the red carpet

Killer company: Jessica Lange enjoyed catching up with Robert De Niro (left) at the showbiz bash, alongside Jonathan and Rebecca Banks (right)

Putting in glamorous appearances: Neve Campbell (left and right) was living it up alongside Jeremy Piven (centre)

Glamorous: Tracey Ullman and Aziz Ansari put in a stylish appearance at the event