Royal HEARTBREAK: Prince Charles' SECRET phone calls to Camilla during family holiday Princess Diana came to SAVE the royal family says Paul Burrell

Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles were exes when the Prince of Wales married Princess Diana in 1981. However, there were constant allegations of infidelity between Camilla and the Prince of Wales throughout his marriage to Diana. In her famous TV interview in 1995 on BBC’s Panorama, Diana claimed she knew Charles and Camilla’s relationship continued throughout her marriage because of her “women’s instinct”.

Diana was even aware of secret phone calls between her husband and Camilla during family holidays with their two children, Prince William and Prince Harry, former royal security guard Ken Wharfe has claimed. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

In “Robert Jobson’s Royal Podcast” by the Evening Standard’s royal editor Robert Jobson, former inspector Ken Wharfe recalled how Charles had secret phone calls with Camilla during family trips abroad.

Speaking about one particular holiday, he said: “It was sad in a sense for Diana of course because Camilla was always on the back of her mind.

“At one point during this trip Diana was aware that Charles was on the telephone to Camilla.” Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Princess Diana and Prince Charles divorced in 1996

Princess Diana and Camilla Parker Bowles

However, Wharfe added that this was “besides the point”, as these phone calls were something they “lived with”. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

After their separation, Diana did reveal people who “minded and cared about her marriage” made her aware of Charles and Camilla’s relationship, knowledge that left the Princess “devastated”.

The latest news and gossip from the Royal Family plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

Following the tragic death of Princess Diana in 1997 in Paris, Charles went public with his romance with Camilla.