Queen Elizabeth Keeps a Never-Before-Seen Photo of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on Display in Buckingham Palace New images released today of Queen Elizabeth's meeting with the Honorable George Brandis, the Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom revealed a secret: the Queen has a never-before-seen picture of her grandson Prince Harry and her new granddaughter-in-law Meghan Markle on display in Buckingham Palace.

A closer look at the photo, which is front and center on a side table and was first pointed out by Hello Magazine, shows that Meghan is wearing a blue-gray fitted shift dress with short sleeves and Harry is sporting a blue suit. While we haven't seen Meghan publicly in this outfit before, the suit does resemble the one Harry wore in their official engagement photos.

That said, it's unclear it was taken as another potential portrait by photographer Alexi Lubomirski back in November or if it's a more recent snapshot.



While we were zoomed in, we took a look at what else the Queen keeps on her living room table. In case you, too, were wondering, the image behind the happy couple appears to be of William and Harry and one on the other table, in the light brown wood frame is a portrait of the Queen's close friend and third cousin Queen Margrethe of Denmark. The British monarch also keeps her handbag close by, as well a pair of glasses, multiple clocks, and various other dishes and small trinkets.

Getty Images

While we don't have any details on this mystery photograph, Lubomirski recently opened up about taking the official wedding portrait of the newly named Duke and Duchess of Sussex. "It was just one of those magical moments, when you're a photographer and everything falls into place," he said in an interview with Reuters.

"The sun is setting right just over the top of Windsor Castle just behind them, it was just the most serene, beautiful light, they're in love, walking around this beautiful garden," he continued. "I said just before you go in, let's sit down on these stairs, and she just slumped in between his legs."



Getty Images

As for what they were smiling about? "They were just laughing because they were joking about how they were exhausted and finally it was over."