Khloé Kardashian Shares Adorable Photo Of True Thompson In The Bath It was bath time in the Kardashian-Thompson household last night and baby True was looking like the sweetest little duckling we’ve ever seen.

Last night, Khloé Kardashian posted the cutest picture of her daughter in a bathtub to Instagram Stories. With her adorable big eyes and squeezable cheeks, we can’t get enough of the little one, who is set to tun two-months old this week.

khloe kardashian // Instagram

‘I cannot believe my girl is going to be two months old tomorrow,’ the new mum tweeted last night. ‘Where is the time going but at the same time, every milestone I look forward to! I'm on alert every day to hear her first giggle. I cant wait for the giggles!’

Over the weekend, the reality star and her NBA player beau made a rare public appearance together at a friend's birthday bash in Cleveland. The outing marked only a handful of times the new parents have been spotted out together since the 27-year-old athlete was accused of cheating on his girlfriend of more than a year.

‘Khloé and Tristan were there together, they were sitting next to each other during dinner and there was no animosity between them,’ a source told E! News. ‘Everybody looked happy, normal and like they were having a great time.’

Getty Images

Last week, the 33-year-old star was praised on social media for speaking honestly about the struggles of becoming a new mum and feeding her daughter breast milk.

Read Next

'Because I don’t produce enough milk, I also have to give a bottle with every feeding,' Khloe wrote on her website and Twitter.

'Mad respect to (Khloé Kardashian) for opening up about supplementing with formula,' one Twitter user wrote.

'I had to do that when I went back to work, and I was so embarrassed that I couldn’t produce enough because I was away from Jackson. Fed is best!'

The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star responded to the positive feedback and shared her own words of support regarding 'mummy shaming' relating to breastfeeding.

‘Mummy shaming is real! But the truth is I’ve tried and tried and tried to breast feed only and it wasn’t working for me.



'I feel fortunate that I am able to still breast-feed but with the help of formula. Breast-feeding is something I really wanted to do. Just am not fully able.'

Khloé’s words come amid a statement from the Royal College of Midwives which states women who choose not to breastfeed they babies ‘must be respected’ for their decision.

We love your honesty, Khloé!