Why Mandy Moore’s Emotional This Is Us Eulogy Was Even Tougher to Film Than You Think This post contains spoilers for This Is Us Season 2, Episode 15, “The Car.”

If Tuesday night’s installment of This Is Us was difficult to watch, just imagine how tough it was for the cast to film it—not only for obvious reasons, but also due to one element that didn’t come across on screen. Mandy Moore, whose character delivered a simultaneously heartfelt and humorous eulogy for her late husband underneath his favorite tree, had to grapple not only with the immense emotional weight of the material, but with a seriously distracting nearby ruckus.

“The location we are shooting at was so loud,” Moore said with a laugh during a phone interview with V.F. Wednesday morning. “There was so much traffic, and we were right by an airport, and so there were planes constantly landing.” Understandably, it took a bit of work for Moore to get out of her head into the monologue amid so many distractions. But she knew all too well how important this moment was: as she put it, Rebecca’s speech, delivered for an audience of just her and Jack’s three children, was “a deliberate move on her part . . . to really honor their father; it was her own way for just the four of them to really eulogize him.” She wanted to honor that—and, with a little helpful sound editing, she did, delivering the emotional cornerstone of a crucial episode as the series moves forward from the crushing death of its patriarch.

Rebecca starts her eulogy by revealing something she and Jack had never told their children: “Did you know that when your father and I first got married, I wasn’t sure that I ever wanted to have kids? I mean, I figured I would eventually, but . . .” She trails off before jumping to a topic that doesn’t seem relevant—at first: “He was the worst at movies. Wasn’t he? He was just the worst. I mean, as soon as a movie started, he would just figure out who would end up with who or who murdered who. Somehow he was always, always right. It was like he could see things before they happen. You know? I mean, he could see you three before you happened. Thank God he did.”

To Moore, this scene was a moment of tremendous strength for Rebecca, a grieving, newly single parent to three kids who saw their father as a superhero. She reassures her sons that neither one of them needs to become the new “man of the house,” and insists to Kate that it’s not her fault Jack decided to go back into the house for the family dog—a decision that quite possibly sealed his fate.

“I thought it was so eloquent,” Moore said, before crediting Rebecca’s sit-down with the doctor who delivered her children with fortifying her spirit. Their conversation, she said, “really showed her that she could be the type of parent that Jack was, and that she needed to be for these kids.” The words Rebecca says to Jack’s spirit under the tree—”We’re going to be O.K.”—became the mantra that helped her focus while filming.