Kylie Jenner shows off lingerie for 20th birthday Kylie Jenner marked a milestone on Thursday.

The now 20-year-old celebrated her birthday with a lingerie photo she posted to Instagram.

In the sultry snap, the lipstick mogul flaunts her phenomenal figure wearing lace semi-sheer underwear.

Birthday girl: Kylie Jenner took to Instagram to mark her 20th birthday with a sultry snap on Thursday

And it wasn't just her voluptuous curves that was catching people's attention as she also sported a blonde wig.

The Kylie Lipkit mogul gave a simple yet direct caption for her steamy photo: '20'.

Hours later, she posted another smoldering snap from the same shoot.

The photo left little to the imagination, and depicted the model looking toward the heavens.

Eye-popping! Hours later, she posted another smoldering snap from the same shoot

She captioned the eye-popping picture: 'thanks for all the birthday wishes!'

Kylie was lavished with gifts in honor of her big day, which she was happy to show off on her Instagram account.

From the heaps of bouquets to the desserts sent her way, Kylie was one lucky girl.

Her big day! The whole family took part in a Happy Birthday singalong

K for Kylie! The birthday girl showed off her personalized gift

And during her birthday party the night before Kylie got the surprise of a lifetime - in the form of an ice sculpture.

Her family had the ice artwork made in the shape of Kylie's curves.

The birthday girl shared the sculpture to her Snapchat in the early hours of Thursday.

Time for a treat: Jenner also posted a mouth-watering snap of her decadent little cakes

Flower power: Jenner was also lavished with numerous bouquets

'Love you KY!' Jenner was sent a sweet note from her pal Heather

Kylie gave a closer look at the piece, which was seemingly modeled after her torso and derriere.

The beauty mogul kicked off her 20th birthday on Wednesday night as the Kendrick Lamar concert - her third time this week.

Kylie arrived to the surprise party after the concert at downtown Los Angeles' STAPLES Center, where she was greeted with birthday wishes from her family.

New chapter: The starlet showed off one of her multiple gifts

Glam pair: Kris Jenner shared a collage tribute for her daughter

Sun worshippers: Kylie's big sister Kourtney shared a birthday message for her 'lip kit queen'

Incredible girl! Pal Bella Hadid showed some love for the reality star

Looks familiar: During her 20th birthday party, Kylie got the surprise of a lifetime - in the form of an ice sculpture shaped after her

The model: Her family had the ice artwork made in the shape of Kylie's curves; she shared the Instagram bikini picture on Wednesday

Now that's creative: The birthday girl shared the sculpture to her Snapchat in the early hours of Thursday

Unique: Kylie gave a closer look at the piece, which was modeled after her torso and derriere

She joined backstage with her mom Kris Jenner and her sisters Kendall Jenner, Khloé Kardashian and Kim Kardashian; Family friend Jonathan Cheban and hairstylist Jen Atkin were also on hand.

Kylie got a hug from her rapper beau Travis Scott in honor of her birthday; The 25-year-old artist opened Kendrick's The D**. Tour.

Khloe, 33, shared the sweet exchange between Kylie and Travis to her Snapchat account.

Birthday girl has arrived! Kylie arrived to the surprise party after the concert at downtown Los Angeles' STAPLES Center, where she was greeted with birthday wishes from her family

Adorable: Kylie got a hug from her rapper beau Travis Scott in honor of her birthday; The 25-year-old artist opened Kendrick's The D**. Tour

Family is everything: Kylie (r) was joined by her mom Kris Jenner and sisters Khloe Kardashian, Kim Kardashian and Kendall Jenner; siblings Kourtney and Rob were not at the bash

Kylie enjoyed a slice of birthday cake, which had a picture of her face plastered on it.

Her best friend Jordyn Woods posed besides the colorful cake; the large dessert featured an image of Kylie as she stuck her tongue out.

The reality star also filmed as she dipped a strawberry into a chocolate fountain.

She posed alongside Kendall while enjoying the ice cream treat Dippin' Dots.

Delicious: The reality star also filmed as she dipped a strawberry into a chocolate fountain

Cheeky: Her best friend Jordyn Woods posed alongside her cake, which featured her face with her tongue sticking out

'My slice': She jokingly took the entire section of the cake with her face on it as her portion

Treats time: She posed alongside Kendall while enjoying the ice cream treat Dippin' Dots

Kylie flashed her her legs and derriere in a skintight white dress, which she knotted along the hemline.

The youngest Jenner layered on a light grey zippered jacket on top, opting to style it off her shoulders.

The 20-year-old Kylie Cosmetics founder kept it casual in sneakers with her raven locks loose and sleek.

'20!' Kylie posed in her trendy look for an Instagram picture she shared in the early hours of Thursday morning

Kicking off a new trend: Kylie flashed her her legs and derriere in a skintight white dress, which she knotted along the hemline; she added a loose zippered hoodie

Her older sister Kim wowed in a glittering deep purple dress that clung to her curvy form.

Kendall also chose a mini dress look like Kylie, opting for a nineties inspired frock that grazed her upper thighs.

Khloe stunned in her plunging black dress, adding diamond choker and Azzadine Alaia heels.

The 33-year-old's boyfriend, professional basketball player Tristan Thompson, planted a smooch on her lips during her Snapchat.

It started with a kiss: The 33-year-old's boyfriend, professional basketball player Tristan Thompson, planted a smooch on her lips during her Snapchat

Oops: Kim Snapchatted Tristan looking at Khloe's chest; she playfully added eye emojis

Celebration time! Kim looked gorgeous in her dark purple skintight dress

Mom's here too! Khloe snapped a beaming Kris during the bash

Grateful: Kylie thanked her friends and family for the surprise birthday party

Hours later, Kylie was serenaded by violists at her house while surrounded by flowers.

She even had her own Snapchat filter of her own image with 'Happy Birthday Kylie.'

The brunette told E! News that she 'usually goes on a trip every year' for her birthday but this year she wanted to 'just be around my family and my friends and just do something cute.'

Kylie has a new reality show, called the Life Of Kylie; The E! series also shows an inside look on what it's like to be the beauty mogul.

What fun: Hours later, Kylie was serenaded by violists at her house while surrounded by flowers

Fresh: She shared a close up of the flowers she received to her Snapchat on Thursday morning

Heading in: Kylie arrived backstage at STAPLES Center with her best friend Jordyn Woods

VIP list: Hailey Baldwin donned thigh high boots with tiny shorts and a collared top for the bash; she carried a mini white backpack

Last week, the star sat down for an interview with Women's Wear Daily, alongside her mom Kris.

Kylie Cosmetics has earned $420 million in retails sales, according to WWD.

In the story, which was published on Wednesday, the website reported that entrepreneur's brand will hit one billion dollars by 2022.

Let's get this show on the road! Jenner and her boyfriend Travis headed off in a Lamborghini

Start your engines! Jenner kept it comfortable in a grey sweatshirt as she sat beside her beau

For comparison, Lancome reached one billion dollars in 2015 after 80 years in the beauty world, according to WWD.

Estee Lauder's Tom Ford Beauty took a decade to hit $500 million in sales, they added.

She started with just three lip kits, which she released on November 40, 2015.

Now her company is projected to have a 25% increase in sales this year - totaling $386 million, reported exclusively by WWD.

Candid: Kylie has a new reality show, called the Life Of Kylie; The E! series also shows an inside look on what it's like to be the beauty mogul