Reese Witherspoon is dragged into Ryan Philippe domestic abuse case Reese Witherspoon has found herself embroiled in her ex-husband's domestic abuse trial.

Elsie Hewitt, 21, is demanding that the Oscar winner turn over any communications she had with Ryan Phillipe, 43, about the night he allegedly attacked the Playboy Playmate, who he had been dating for just a few months.

This demand comes in court papers filed by Hewitt's lawyer Shiqi Borjigin, who accuses Phillipe's representatives of purposely delaying the case and driving up costs for the plaintiff for the benefit of the defendant.

Hewitt said in a complaint filed back in September that Phillipe grabbed her arm so hard it left bruises and twice threw her down a flight of stairs inside his home when she went to gather some of her belongings early on the morning of July 4 last year.

In the aftermath of that incident, Hewitt went to police and later filed a restraining order, which was served to Phillipe two days after the alleged assault.

Scroll down for video

Cruel intentions: Ryan Phillipe's ex-girlfriend is asking his lawyers to hand over communications between the actor and ex Reese Witherspoon about her alleged abuse (couple above at the 2006 Oscars)

Allegations: Elise Hewitt is suing Phillipe for $1 million after claiming he grabbed so hard he left bruises on her arms and twice threw her down the stairs on July 4, 2017 (Hewitt on right with Phillipe in black hat over her shoulder)

Covering her bases: After that alleged attack which happened in front of a friend, she received treatment at Cedar's Sinai, filed a report with police and got a restraining order

Hewitt then hit Phillipe with a $1 million lawsuit in September, with the district attorney opting not to file criminal charges in the case.

Philippe has denied the claims being made by the model, 22, saying that she broke into his home on the night in question and is looking to capitalize off his fame.

He also denied ever dating Hewitt, despite text messages she included with her initial complaint that claim to show the actor professing his love for the London-born model and sorrow over the alleged attack.

The Blast was the first to report on the new filing.

This latest filing suggests that Hewitt's lawyers will argue in court that Philippe was under the influence of drugs and alcohol at many times and was so obsessed with Hewitt that he accessed phone apps to try and locate her whereabouts based on the location of her cellular device.

And it also seems that Hewitt or her attorneys believe he may have spoken about the incident with his ex-wife.

The court filing almost seems to suggest that Philippe, who is only known to have married Witherspoon, may have said 'I do' on more than one occasion.

There are 75 requests made in total, and number 71 is 'all communications between Phillipe and any ex-wife regarding the incident.'

The defense is also asking for 'all communications between Phillipe' and his agent, manager and publicist as well as photo taken in the days before and after the incident.

Philippe's diary is also among the requested documents as if his use of the Find a Friend device on his phone.

Dining: Phillipe and Hartwell grab breakfast in Los Angeles in may 2017 (above)

Crash: Phillipe had posted on Instagram that he was looking forward to a nice weekned just days before his alleged attack

Pad: The alleged abuse occurred at Phillipe's Los Angeles home (above)

In his response to these requests, Phillipe and his lawyer objected to them all as being 'overly broad,' with a judge set to rule on the requests in the coming months.

Hewitt wrote in her complaint that in addition to the alleged abuse she witnessed Phillipe 'repeatedly abusing a panoply of legal and illegal drugs, including without limitation: cocaine, ecstasy, psychedelic mushrooms, and steroids.'

At the same time, Hewitt stated in the court filing that her ex 'increasingly combined these drugs with excessive alcohol consumption and often exhibited symptoms attendant of poly drug and alcohol abuse, including mood swings and bouts of anger.'

On the night of the incident Phillipe had left a party when he felt that Hewitt was not paying enough attention to him she said in court papers.

Phillipe sued Hewitt two months after she filed her suit, and denied that the two were ever together, writing: 'to be clear: i have not had a "girlfriend" for over a year now & have barely dated anyone since. any other labels or mis- characterizations, from media or gossips, related to anyone, briefly, connected to my personal life, are false.'

The actor and Witherspoon, who met on the set of Cruel Intentions, were divorced in 2007 after eight years of marriage and two children.

His daughter Ava, 18, is just three years younger than Hewitt. Phillipe also has a daughter with Pitch Perfect actress Alexis Knapp.

In the years since his divorce he has been linked to Amanda Seyfried, Demi Lovato, Nikki Reed and Abie Cornish.