Kris Jenner dons $8K Versace ensemble to Thanksgiving dinner in Palm Springs There's no such thing as overdressed when you're Kris Jenner.

And on Thursday, the 63-year-old momager put on her best threads—a Versace ensemble worth $8,000—for Thanksgiving dinner in Palm Springs.

'Wow, you're pretty decked for Thanksgiving dinner,' daughter Kim Kardashian said on Instagram as Kris modeled her luxurious fit with a glass of rose in hand.

Dressed to impress: And on Thursday, the 63-year-old momager put on her best threads—a Versace ensemble worth $8,000—for Thanksgiving dinner in Palm Springs

Jenner's Versace gear included skintight leggings worth $775, a bodysuit worth $929, and a coat that cost a whopping $3,675.

She teamed her patterned outfit with a $3,000 Chanel belt and black booties, which she likely paid thousands.

Fans may remember that Kris debuted her Versace garb at the Monaco Grand Prix in May with boyfriend Corey Gamble.

'Wow, you're pretty decked for Thanksgiving dinner,' Kim Kardashian said on Instagram as Kris modeled her luxurious fit

Prior to dinner, Kris was seen whipping up brownies in the kitchen wearing a black tracksuit.

According to a closet tour with Dee Hilfiger, the KUWTK star feels 'most comfortable' in sweats.

'This is what I wear every single day. My first [closet] stop is a sweatsuit,' she said.

Brand babe: Fans may remember that Kris debuted her Versace garb at the Monaco Grand Prix in May with boyfriend Corey Gamble

Fashionista: Jenner's Versace gear included skintight leggings worth $775, a bodysuit worth $929, and a coat that cost a whopping $3,675

Jenner wasn't the only one dressed up for Thanksgiving dinner.

Back home in Cleveland, Khloe Kardashian dazzled in a pale pink crop top and matching skirt.

The youngest Kardashian sister opted to spend Thanksgiving with boyfriend Tristan Thompson and daughter True in the Midwest.

Casually clad: Prior to dinner, Kris was seen whipping up brownies in the kitchen wearing a black tracksuit