MAFS star Sonia Granados is expecting twins after divorce When they announced they were filing for divorce four months ago, Sonia Granados insisted her relationship with Nick Pendergrast was 'still a love story', but she is singing a different tune now that his new girlfriend is nine weeks pregnant with twins.

Sonia, 34, and Nick, 33, said 'I do' as strangers on the reality series Married at First Sight, and in March they revealed their decision to separate and file for divorce after almost a year of marriage.

Just three months after their divorce was finalized, Nick is expecting twins with his girlfriend and former love coach, Heather Yerrid, and after being blindsided by the surprise baby news, Sonia took to Twitter to say he was pretending to try to work things out with her while seeing his new love.

Say what? Sonia Granados, 34, was surprised to learn her ex-husband Nick Pendergrast, 33, is expecting twins with his new girlfriend just three months after their divorce was finalized

Instant family of four: Nick and his new love Heather Yerrid, 32, revealed on Thursday that she is nine-weeks pregnant with twins

In addition to being a love and relationship coach, Heather, 32, also covers Married at First Sight as a co-host on AfterBuzz TV, an online broadcast network that recaps episodes of a variety of television shows.

Unsurprisingly, Sonia hinted that Heather's coverage of the reality program was biased - at least when it came to her.

'Now we ALL know why after buzz was always throwing shade at me #Congrats2theLoveBirds,' Sonia tweeted.

Nick and Sonia separated in January and their divorce was finalized in April. According to People, Nick had been communicating with Heather for three months before they met for the first time in California in early May.

Biased? Heather, 32, is a co-host on AfterBuzz TV, an online broadcast network that recaps episodes of a variety of television shows - including Married at First Sight

He said, she said: Many Married at First Sight fans insisted their relationship timeline just didn't add up, and Sonia said he was with Heather while trying to 'work' things out with her

Airing her grievances: Sonia added that she had a right to be 'irate' for many reasons

On May 3, he shared an Instagram photo of himself at the Museum of Broken Relationships in Los Angeles, presumable referencing his divorce, when he wrote: 'Had to leave my mark...'

Nick, who lived in Miami, Florida, at the time, told the outlet that he made the decision to move to California to be with Heather because he couldn't stop thinking about her.

He even asked his new love to join him on his cross-country trip over Memorial Day weekend.

'On the five-day journey, we fell in love,' he said. 'It was our last day. We were in Sedona. We had one of those moments that I never really thought existed. We have been together ever since.'

His word: Nick claims he communicated with Heather (pictured) for three months before they met in person in in California in early May, after his divorced was finalized

'Had to leave my mark...' On May 3, he shared an Instagram photo of himself at the Museum of Broken Relationships in Los Angeles, presumable referencing his divorce in the caption

'What a joke!' Sheila Downs, who married Nate Duhon on the current season of Married at First Sight, took to Twitter to share her disgust with Heather

His word against hers: Nick insisted that it was 'inaccurate' that he cheated on Sonia and she knows it

Although Nick claims that he didn't meet Heather until after his divorce with Sonia was finalized, plenty of fans struggled with the timeline, noting that it just didn't add up.

When one fan tweeted it was 'crazy' that they spoke for three months before meeting, Sonia agreed, responding: 'Yep. While he was trying to "work" things out with me but telling her different. Good luck to them both.'

She continued to share plenty of tweets from those who were Team Sonia, and she later returned to social media to state her case.

'Wish Heather n Nick well but I have a right to b irate 4 many things n tweet what I want! This is my twitter(well the network but ya know), she wrote. 'Correction: irate at her misleading me and at him not being able to ever be a MAN about anything!'

The news caused quite a stir among fans of the show - and even current castmates.

Happier times: Sonia and Nick separated in January and their divorce was finalized in April

End of it all: The two announced their split in a joint statement via Twitter in March, and Sonia added that people shouldn't be 'discouraged' by their divorce because 'this is still a love story'

Look of love? Nick and Sonia said 'I do' as strangers on the fourth season of the reality series Married at First Sight

Sheila Downs, who married Nate Duhon on the current season of Married at First Sight, took to Twitter to share her disgust with Heather.

'But she judges US??!? she was his life coach!!!! What a JOKE!!! She gave them advice about their marriage,' she wrote, prompting Nick to write back: '#inaccurate #alternativefacts God Bless You #mafs.'

And when another fan said he 'had to have cheated on Sonia', Nick clapped back: 'Say what you will to make your day more exciting. This is #inaccurate and Sonia knows that too. Babies are miracles. Focus on that.'

'It’s nothing short of a blessing when a woman is told she can’t have kids and then becomes pregnant with twins,' he wrote on Instagram. 'It’s still early but we are so excited we couldn’t hide it any longer. Sometimes the most difficult roads lead us to our greatest joy!'

Heather, who his nine-weeks along, also took to her social media platforms to say their twins are a 'gift from god' because she was told she would not be able to have kids.'