Kylie Jenner has burglary scare in new KUWTK clip Just days after Kim Kardashian was robbed at gunpoint in a Paris hotel, her sister Kylie Jenner faced a security breach of her own.

In a newly-released clip from Sunday's Keeping Up With The Kardashians, the youngest of the Kardashian/Jenner daughters frantically calls mom Kris after hearing from her alarm company.

'They said there's motion detectors, break-ins, glass breaking all in the master bedroom,' the 19-year-old tells Kris on a three-way call with Kris' boyfriend Corey Gamble.

Another security scare: Kris Jenner receives a call from youngest daughter Kylie about a possible break-in at her home in this clip from Sunday's Keeping Up With The Kardashians

'What if they do something to Norman?,' Kylie asks, worried about the safety of her Italian greyhound.

'They're not going to do anything to your dogs,' Kris says in attempts to calm her daughter.

On the call, Kylie tells her mom she is in Beverly Hills, which is an approximate 40-minute drive away from her Hidden Hills home.

Anxious: Kylie was not home during the robbery scare, here she updates Kris on her location

Kris' boyfriend of two years Corey makes a mad dash to Kylie's to investigate, but tells Kris he is 14 minutes away.

'I could run over there right now and be there in three minutes,' an anxious Kris replies.

Both Kris and Kylie reside in Hidden Hills, California.

Concern: Kylie feared robbers would run off with her beloved pet

Ever the protective boyfriend, Corey demands Kris stay at home, telling her 'You can't even protect yourself, let me deal with it.'

'Just chill out,' Corey urges Kris, reminding her that there have been issues with Kylie's alarm system.

'Don't tell me to chill out. You can't tell someone when they're having a panic attack to chill out,' Kris snapped back.

Dark moment: Kylie seen on March 11, 2017 in an all-black fishnet outfit leaving LA hot spot Catch

In true Kardashian fashion, viewers are left to wonder if Kylie's home was actually burglarized until the latest episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians airs Sunday on the E! network.

The family has been on high alert after Kim's gunpoint robbery in Paris where thieves tied the 36-year-old mother-of-two up and stole around $11 million dollars in jewelry from her in a hotel room.

In addition to Kim's October 2016 ordeal, sister Kendall also dealt with an alleged stalker showing up to both of her homes on multiple occasions.

Protective: Corey did not want Kris (both pictured here in November 2016) investigating the break-in on her own.

Last week, Kendall reported $200k of jewelry missing from her home, according to TMZ.

Kendall claims she noticed around items gone around 1 am. She had left the house for a few hours during the day.

There were no signs of forced entry and it is believed to be an 'inside job.'