Miley Cyrus, Maroon 5 & Zedd Reign at KIIS-FM's Wango Tango 2017 Trending on Billboard

KIIS-FM’s annual day-long Wango Tango festival at the StubHub Center in Carson, Calif., Saturday (May 13) featured a range of A-list talent, from EDM artist Zedd to Maroon 5, Katy Perry, and the Backstreet Boys, and this year’s concert stood out by offering a number of firsts for many of its performers.

Miley Cyrus performed her newest single, “Malibu,” live for the first time. With the blonde pixie cut reminiscent of her “Wrecking Ball” days grown out to reveal her natural brunette roots, Cyrus donned a simple white top and shorts for her debut live performance of the track off her upcoming album. She also tossed bouquets of flowers and shot streams of water into the crowd as large balloons bounced around the stadium.

After Cyrus’ little sister, Noah, performed earlier in the day, the siblings brought their mom, Tish, onstage with a tiered birthday cake and had the entire 20,000-member crowd sing “Happy Birthday” to her with the help of Labrinth.

Niall Horan announced his first solo album will be out this fall. One night after he released his latest single, “On the Loose,” the solo singer said he had just finished recording his album and took to the stage to perform tracks like “This Town” and “Slow Hands.” While he didn’t perform at the show, fellow former One-Direction bandmate Liam Payne announced an upcoming collaboration with Zedd.

Maroon 5 performed a tribute to Prince by turning the stage lights purple as the band played a cover of the late pop star’s “Let’s Go Crazy.” In their self-proclaimed “14 thousandth time” appearing at the Wango Tango, the group also played a number of their classic hits, from “Harder to Breathe” and “This Love” to “Sugar” and “Moves Like Jagger.”

“Issues” singer Julia Michaels attended her first Wango Tango as a performer.

“Last year, I came here as a fan and now I’m performing,” the 23-year-old said. “It’s so bizarre. I never thought this was going to be my life.”

Aaron Carter made his comeback performance on the Village stage with his first appearance at the event since 2002. Carter released his latest EP, LøVë, in February 2017.

“The EP was inspired by heartbreak. I was in a relationship with somebody who wasn’t proud of me, was ashamed of me, didn’t want to show me off to the world.”

He said that initially, record labels were hesitant when he wanted to get back into music.

“Everyone said, ‘No, Aaron Carter will never make it again’ …So it kind of motivated me to come back out and do my best.”

Machine Gun Kelly brought Hailee Steinfeld back onstage after her own performance for their track, “At My Best,” while Camila Cabello later made an appearance during his set to perform their hit, “Bad Things.” Other collaborations included Zedd and Alessia Cara on their single, “Stay,” as well as Noah Cyrus and Labrinth on “Make Me (Cry).”

Now in its 19th year, the music festival easily filled the entire LA Galaxy stadium, but the crowd wasn’t too young to remember the Backstreet Boys, who returned to the Wango Tango stage for the first time since 2001. They closed the show with impressively synchronized dance moves, matching outfits, and hits such as “Larger Than Life” and “Everybody (Backstreet’s Back).”

Main stage artists included Katy Perry, Maroon 5, Niall Horan, Luis Fonsi, Backstreet Boys, Zedd with Alessia Cara, Machine Gun Kelly, Camila Cabello, Hailee Steinfeld, Noah Cyrus, Halsey, Julia Michaels and Miley Cyrus.

Pre-show Village artists included Noah Cyrus, Jordan Fisher, Aaron Carter, Olivia Holt, Ocean Park Standoff and Hey Violet.

See fans’ reactions to the performances below:

#maroon5 nailing yet another Prince song —- #wangotango #kiisfm A post shared by ?—-Kym—-? (@kymtasmic) on May 14, 2017 at 12:09am PDT