Karlie Kloss wears cream trench coat for Paris Fashion Week She's one of many fashion stars heading to France for Paris Fashion Week.

And Karlie Kloss cut a chic figure as she jetted into the French capital and made a stylish appearance at her hotel.

The 26-year-old model certainly turned heads in a plunging knit nude dress teamed with a leather trench coat.

Looking good: Karlie Kloss cut a chic figure as she jetted into Paris and made a stylish appearance at her hotel

The catwalk star teased onlookers as she flashed a peek of her lacy black bra under her knit dress.

She teamed the statement garment with chain-trim sandals and a black leather tote, as well as a delicate gold necklace.

Styling her golden tresses in tousled waves, Karlie showed off her striking features with a dewy blusher and a slick of berry lipgloss.

The blonde beauty looked equally chic as she arrived at Charles De Gaulle airport earlier that day.

Chic: The 26-year-old model certainly turned heads in a plunging knit nude dress teamed with a leather trench coat

Avert your eyes: The catwalk star teased onlookers as she flashed a peek of her lacy black bra under her knit dress

Glamorous: lStyling her golden tresses in tousled waves, Karlie showed off her striking features with a dewy blusher and a slick of berry lipgloss

Stylish: She teamed the statement garment with chain-trim sandals and a black leather tote, as well as a delicate gold necklace

Karlie went for a classic look of crisp white shirt and black tapered trousers which she teamed with a cream Max Mara trench coat, pulling back her blonde tresses into a high bun.

Karlie showed off her effortlessly sense of style as she headed to the Royal Monceau hotel, looking incredible in the simple white shirt and tailored trousers with a white stripe.

The former Victoria's Secret Angel was covered against the autumn climes with a cream coat in the veil of the Burberry classic look.

Karlie accessorised her look with comfy black flat leather loafers, shielding her eyes with round-framed black sunglasses.

Gorgeous: The blonde beauty looked equally chic as she arrived at Charles De Gaulle airport earlier that day

Flawless: She looked incredible as she teamed the crisp white shirt with black tapered trousers and a cream trench coat by Max Mara

Happy: Karlie accessorised her look with flat black loafers and rounded sunglasses to shield her bare-faced complexion

Sporting barely a scrap of makeup on her flawless complexion, Karlie pulled her blonde tresses into a messy bun as she arrived at her place to stay for remainder of Fashion Week.

The fashion star appeared to be going solo for the outing after she enjoyed some cosy time at the US open with fiancé Joshua Kushner earlier this month.

The couple confirmed their engagement in July after six years together, and they are reportedly planning to tie the knot sometime next year.

Low-key: Karlie was seen touching down in Charles De Gaulle airport as she prepared to attend the fashion event

Karlie also recently spoke candidly about how her modelling career almost came to an end, after birth control caused her to go from a US size zero to a size four to six.

She told Vogue: 'I started losing jobs; I wasn’t getting booked for the runway; designers stopped working with me. It felt as if my world had been turned upside down.'

Karlie admitted that she used to measure herself against Gisele Bündchen, but she realized the constant comparison to the famous model wasn't productive.

'That’s when I had a breakthrough: I realized it was time for me to do me, to embrace the things that make me who I am,' she said.