Khloe Kardashian's wax figure makes its debut in Las Vegas She's the latest member of her famous family to be immortalized.

And Khloe Kardashian's wax figure made its debut in Las Vegas at Madame Tussauds on Tuesday morning.

The 33-year-old's shockingly accurate figurine sported a black lace bodysuit paired with jeans, a look the real Kardashian sported in October 2016 during the launch of her designer label Good American.

Wow! Khloe Kardashian's wax figure made its debut in Las Vegas at Madame Tussaud's on Tuesday morning

Khloe rocked a black lace Gooseberry Intimates bodysuit for the launch of her denim collection in 2016, with her life-like model rocking a similar piece of lingerie.

Measurements appeared to be accurate as the wax rendition donned a pair of similar, ankle-length denim trousers which hit just above her hips.

Her platinum blonde tresses were perfectly coiffed into loose curls as they cascaded down her back, nearly resting on her pert posterior.

Double take: The 33-year-old's shockingly accurate figurine sported a black lace bodysuit paired with jeans, a look the real Kardashian sported in October 2016 during the launch of her designer label Good American; (Right: at the launch; Left: wax figure)

Kardashian clone: Measurements appeared to be accurate as the wax rendition donned a pair of similar, ankle-length denim trousers which hit just above her hips

Making sure to follow the Kardashian trend, the wax figure donned a pair of black patent leather Christian Louboutin heels with the signature red bottoms.

The real Khloe is likely to be a fan of the massive white flower wall backdrop, with the words 'hello gorgeous' written across the top in hot pink cursive lettering.

Older sister Kim Kardashian got the wax treatment in 2010 before a new creation was made in 2015 wearing her 'favorite dress ever' from the Balmain fall 2012 collection for the selfie-posed character.

Almost real: Making sure to follow the Kardashian trend, the wax figure donned a pair of black patent leather Christian Louboutin heels with the signature red bottoms

Nice: The real Khloe is likely to be a fan of the massive white flower wall backdrop, with the words 'hello gorgeous' written across the top in hot pink cursive lettering; seen in 2016

True form: Kim's likeness was created in 2015 wearing her 'favorite dress ever' from the Balmain fall 2012 collection for the selfie-posed character

In the past: Kardashian's first wax figure in 2010 rocked a tight red dress with ample cleavage

Supermodel Kendall Jenner was up next with a figure created to her likeness in 2016 at the London location of the famed design company.

Youngest Kardashian sister Kylie Jenner posed alongside her figure in 2017, dressed in the sparkling Balmain gown the makeup maven wore to the Met Gala in 2016. Another Kylie was later created to commemorate the birth of her first daughter Stormi in February.

While Kris Jenner and Kourtney Kardashian have yet to receive the coveted honor, Kanye West's figurine debuted alongside his wife.

Siren: Youngest Kardashian sister Kylie Jenner posed alongside her figure in 2017, dressed in the sparkling Balmain gown the makeup maven wore to the Met Gala in 2016