'Dancing with the Stars' Spoilers 2018: Who Went Home Week 6? Another week of Dancing with the Stars calls for another competing couple's journey to come to a close.

The nine remaining couples were asked to put their acquired dancing skills to the test to perform a spooky Halloween-themed routine with their respective partner. Spoilers ahead, read on to see which pair failed to make the cut.

Who Performed What?

To get into the Halloween spirit, the celebrities and professional dancers worked hard to prepare a lineup of hauntingly good routines. Some dances truly hit the mark, including Milo Manheim's performance with partner Witney Carson. Their routine earned a whopping perfect score from judges. Then, there were some that didn't earn the judges's stamp of approval like John Schneider and Emma Slater's effort. With this in mind, here is what all nine couples danced to:

Alexis Ren and Alan Bersten. Jazz, "Candyman" by Christina Aguilera.

Bobby Bones and Sharna Burgess. Argentine Tango, "Mr. Sandman" by SYML.

DeMarcus Ware and Lindsay Arnold. Salsa, "Under Your Spell" by Leo Soul.

Evanna Lynch and Keo Motsepe. Tango, to "Disturbia" by Rihanna.

Joe Amabile and Jenna Johnson. Argentine Tango, "El Tango de Roxanne" from Moulin Rouge.

John Schneider and Emma Slater. Paso Doblé, "Main Titles" from Beetlejuice.

Juan Pablo Di Pace and Cheryl Burke. Jive, "Dead Man's Party" by Atwater Men's Club.

Mary Lou Retton and Sasha Farber. Tango, "Shame" by Elle King.

Milo Manheim and Witney Carson. Contemporary, "Toxic" by 2WEI.

Which Couple Was Eliminated?

...

Not all couples succeeded in entrancing the judges and viewers with their spelling-binding routine. After receiving low votes from fans, Mary Lou Retton and Sasha Farber will no longer be competing to win the coveted Mirrorball Trophy.

Oddsmakers at Gold Derby initially predicted Amabile and Johnson's luck had halted. In previous weeks, the Bachelor in Paradise alum continued to earn low scores from judges. Amabile, however, had been repeatedly saved by his loyal fanbase. Amabile and Johnson earned a 22 on Monday, which was their highest score yet.

"He's the front-runner to be eliminated with leading odds of 5/1," Gold Derby's Daniel Montgomery wrote Monday. "It's possible he would have gone home last week on Disney Night based on scores and votes, but he wasn't in jeopardy then either—DeMarcus Ware and Alexis Ren were instead."

Couples who survived Week 6 of Season 27 will have to prepare to enter the semi-finals.

Who Else Has Been Eliminated So Far?

While no contestants were eliminated in Week 5, Dancing with the Stars devotees have had to say farewell to the following four couples:

Nikki Glaser and Gleb Savchenko [Week 1]

Danelle Umstead and Artem Chigvintsev [Week 2]

Nancy McKeon and Val Chmerkovskiy [Week 3]

Tinashe and Brandon Armstrong [Week 4]

Tinashe and Armstrong's elimination came as a surprise since oddsmakers initially pegged the couple as Season 27's frontrunner. Before Season 27 began, SportsBettingDime.com's Sascha Paruk suggested to Newsweek that Tinashe had an advantage over her competitors because the singer was the "only contestant with significant dance training."

Dancing with the Stars airs Mondays at 8 p.m. ET on ABC.