Chanel Iman Is Officially Married to New York Giants Wide Receiver Sterling Shepard The wedding fashion rollout continues in Italy.

On Friday, Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and American journalist Lauren Sánchez will tie the knot in Venice, where the stars have already been showing up in full force to witness the nuptials, including the Kardashian-Jenner clan, Oprah, Orlando Bloom, Tom Brady, and more. Now, the bride-to-be has made her grand appearance for her welcome party, and in Schiaparelli couture, no less.

CUBR // BACKGRID For her pre-wedding party, Lauren Sánchez chose a metallic embroidered look from the Schiaparelli Spring 2025 couture collection.

The former Extra correspondent was seen stepping onto a boat with her fiancé, as the two prepared to dine with their wedding guests at the Madonna dell’Orto church. For the soirée, Sánchez chose an eye-popping off-the-shoulder dress pulled from the Spring 2025 Schiaparelli couture collection, designed by Daniel Roseberry and titled “Icarus.”

Her dress featured a jutting, folded-over neckline that, like the skintight midi skirt, was embroidered with designs of swirling vines, florals, and eyes—all in hues of iridescent blue, green, and gold that were set against a champagne fabric.

BACKGRID Sánchez is seen alongside her husband-to-be, Jeff Bezos.

However, it was the contrasting waist that stole the show. The ribbed midsection featured a tightly wrapped swirl of gold material that cinched Sánchez’s body like a spool of thread. In fact, the corset-style swathe was so cinched that the bride needed her husband-to-be to hold her hand as she stepped onto their water taxi.

To complete her look, The Fly Who Flew to Space author slipped into a pair of matching metallic gold pumps. For glam, she pulled her hair back into a high ponytail with a few strands hanging like curtains in front of her face—a look that showed off her large diamond earrings.

Based on the lavishness of the nuptials, this surely won’t be the last designer look we see on Sánchez.