The Arrangement (2017) s02e02 Episode Script The Arrangement (2017) s02e02 Episode Script

Surface Tension

1 Previously on the Arrangement But I thought Lisbeth didn't wanna talk to you.

And she's in rehab anyway, right? Stay away from me.

I just wanna know why you left.

James is going to work at the facility.

- Can he take you there? - Please stop lying.

You act like everything is great, and it is not.

- Are you okay? - My stomach.

- Hello.

- Oh, my god.

Sorry about the tie on the door.

No, you're not.

These last few days have just been killing me.

I will make up for it.

Every minute we've waited.

I don't think that this is the right fit anymore.

Are you firing me? I'm gonna give you the movie that I've been dreaming about.

Megan is your star.

I'm not gonna actually act in the movie at all.

Oh.

Megan, welcome to Creative Partners.

Is that real? If you had to ask, does it matter? Sure, it does.

Why? 'cause if it's fake, it's fake.

Smart, principled, no bullshit.

Is that the New Yorker in you, Or is that the narrative you crafted at him? Are you with the institute? I did the weekend intensive.

We all did.

Terence is an amazing talent, isn't he? Yeah.

Yeah, he is.

Uh, speaking of no bullshit, Has anyone here seen any of my work? You think we just rolled out the red carpet for you Because you're Kyle's fiancée? Well, I know you did, but I asked about my work.

What there is of it, yeah.

We have seen it.

You've made the best of small opportunities, But now your time has come.

We all believe that "Technicolor Highway" Is gonna make you a star.

Separate and apart from kyle.

So where do you fit in? We're gonna make you an icon.

Oh, no, I don't need to be an icon, I Look, I just wanna get my hands on great projects That I can lose myself in.

Megan, we're the biggest agency in the world.

Getting your hands on great projects will not be a problem.

Getting you cast is something else.

Yeah, that's my job.

It's true.

Thank god you're talented.

But listen, when you're the face of Prada, And Bulgari, and the charity of your choosing When you are a goodwill ambassador to the world, I promise you, your job gets a lot easier.

If you don't like the word "icon" then don't use it.

Think of it as brand.

Megan Morrison Like, Marilyn Monroe.

She died at 36.

She had the wrong agent.

It's not just about being sought after.

Your brand, if we craft it correctly, Gives you control.

And longevity.

So the real Megan can focus on what she wants, What really matters.

Dude! Why would you fire yourself from your own movie? Right? It's it's I'm sorry.

It just it seems unwise on so many levels.

No, I get it.

You know, I just I thought it was more important to focus on directing.

And, uh And let Megan carry the film.

And you you honestly think she can do that? Put people in the seats? Oh, Megan’s gonna blow everybody away.

Oh, wow.

I wish I wish everybody could've seen the man's face When he said that.

I-I'm so inspired I feel like I can just run Through a brick wall right now.

The power of truth, ladies and gentlemen.

Okay, so tell me this.

Does Megan get a say in who takes your place? You know, we are, uh we're gonna find the perfect person.

I promise.

All right, well, I happen to be available, by the way.

I'd love to meet this perfect person who's replacing you.

You don't like Howie for the part? You know, that would be funny if you weren't saying no To every actor that I suggest.

They don't wanna audition, they're not doing the movie.

Period.

So did you get the big standing o? I did, and then they promised me the world.

Ah, well, they pretty much represent the world.

What do you think? It's very compelling.

A little disgusting.

It's a lot to process.

Okay, well, why don't we go to the beach? I'll clear my afternoon.

No, you don't have to do that.

I'm on the other side of town.

And I have a bunch of errands to run.

We could talk about it tonight.

Okay, whatever you want.

Is everything okay with you two? Of course.

Little stuff no big deal.

You sure? Because it would be awfully hard to choose a love interest For her if you two weren't Solid.

Well, we're solid enough.

Just literally trying to find the right actor, Deann.

And there isn't a part of you that's a little worried About history repeating itself? No.

And do me a favor Let's keep history in the past, Where it belongs.

That's one way to release stress, I guess.

Oh, babe, that's not what that was.

Not completely.

How do you know these things? We spend one weekend a year together.

That's not nothing.

So Tell me.

Ugh, this movie.

It's like on existential crisis after another, And it It's just It's so personal for Kyle.

It's like he can't see things rationally.

Well, like what kind of things? Well No.

You are leaving soon, and I am not gonna lie in bed with you Bitching about Kyle, because I do that with Terence.

Hmm.

Lucky him.

Babe, these are our lives.

I would've loved to have had you in my bed When Wes was in rehab.

So we could've talked about my failings as a mother.

Stop.

You know you're the only reason he's still alive.

He's alive.

I don't know, I just worry.

No, we're not doing this.

What? Worry what? Why are you laughing? Because you're right.

I should save this shit for book club.

Yeah, book club.

Yeah, that's what I need.

I wanna talk about you.

I wanna know what you dreamt about last night.

I wanna cook you dinner.

See, this is the bad part about you staying longer.

It's the worst kind of tease.

Well, you know, technically, I don't have to be on site until the summer.

I mean, the vineyard has plenty of business in L.

A.

, And Wes is close by.

You wanna stay until summer? Yeah.

What's going on with you? It's been a tough year.

I I don't know.

I wanna spend more time with the people that I love.

More than just one weekend.

Why do you look so terrified at that? - No, I'm not it's not - Yeah, you do.

No, no, it's not that.

It's just that Look, when you leave Terence and I get there eventually, But it's a rough transition.

If you stay, we're talking about a full-blown affair.

Yeah.

That's what it would be.

Mace, my marriage might be dysfunctional, But I can't afford to ruin it not now.

I'm not asking you to.

Babe, I just don't wanna leave you right now.

- So let's not be afraid to admit it.

- Let's say it together I'm gonna be great.

I'm gonna be great.

- I'm gonna be great.

- I'm gonna be great.

Come on, guys, let's So are you watching the speech Or are you just counting the views? I'm gonna be great! You know, he's always had that.

That magnetic thing that people are attracted to.

I saw it the day I met him.

He was nobody, he had nothing, but he had that.

Hmm, and you're surprised by the response you're getting? When it gets to 15 million call scholastic.

Or maybe I will.

Um I’m I’m all packed up and ready to go, I just wanted to say thank you.

Oh, are you going somewhere? Uh, James starts training at the facility tomorrow.

- Oh.

- Yeah, can't wait.

When do you, uh, come back? Um end of next month.

- Next month? - Mm-hmm.

Wow, okay.

Well, safe travels.

Good luck.

You okay? Am I okay? You seem a little disappointed.

What? No, no, no, no Just, uh Busy with some things.

Hi.

Come in.

No paparazzi, and no IHM tail.

You must be a good driver.

Oh, well, I learned from cabbies in New York City, So it's not necessarily good, but Would you like some tea? It's momordica charantia.

It purifies the blood.

Thank you.

And thank you again for having me over.

This is really lovely.

Um I'm really sorry about the way I approached you the other night.

I have to be careful about who I interact with.

The world is extremely toxic.

But that can't be you.

Kyle wouldn't love you if it was.

There are so many things I wanna ask you, um Can we start with Terence? He's done things that should've destroyed me and Kyle, And it makes me wonder if he did something To make you leave.

They poisoned my food and water.

You were poisoned? By who? - By IHM people? - They'd break into my trailer.

Never the same person Not once.

I mean, there were always new people That isn't normal.

Did you tell Kyle about this, or anyone? Kyle wasn't there.

I mean, I had to fire everybody.

I still have problems eating.

You were having stomach problems, like Like sharp pains? Lisbeth? Would you like some tea? It's momordica charantia.

It purifies the blood.

Oh.

You already have some.

Well, you were telling me that you were having Eating problems, and I've been having these sharp pains I have to be very careful about who I interact with.

The world is extremely toxic.

But that can't be you hmm.

You Kyle loves you, doesn't he? Yeah.

The cake is Godzilla attacking the city.

Aha, right, yes.

Sexy now.

Right, you're a vampire, biting the tip.

Yes, thank you.

Awesome.

Thank you.

Let's set up for the next bit.

Hey I'm Kyle.

Hey, I'm Megan.

I think we have the same agent.

Ah, maybe that's why we keep bumping into each other.

What're you doing later? Just being honored at some Hollywood party Where Xavier Hughes is performing.

- You know, the you-she.

- Ooh, I like parties.

- I like you.

- Oh, you do? Did you wanna talk about schedule? - Yes.

- Not really.

Uh, the coffee with the Twitter people tomorrow Do you think we could push them to today after 3:00? I would love to talk to them before the gala tonight.

The agency has you at the gift suite at 3:00.

I thought that was after lunch.

It was, but Stacy at Balenciaga has strep throat, So the styling got pushed to 1:00.

So when are we doing the phone call? Can you do it in the car on the way? Well, it's not gonna be great for you.

No, it's fine, I could listen to music While I prep for the Seacrest thing.

- Hmm.

- There you go.

Hey, Kyle, can I steal you for a second? Yeah.

I'll be back.

See if Twitter can do a call.

Maybe on the way to your reads later? Thank you.

- They're bluffing.

- I doubt it.

Look, you took yourself out of the movie.

You won't cast somebody that they like.

I'd pull my money too if I were them.

Okay, let's just say they back out.

How much of my own money do I have to put up? - We are not having that conversation.

- It's just a question.

If you use your money, you have nobody to answer to.

I love you, but I am not letting you direct Your first feature film unchecked.

I'm sorry, but if we lose Jason and Vic, We are shutting down.

Look, we have to cast somebody.

I think it should be Logan Travers.

Ooh, is that the next cover of "Esquire"? - "Vanity Fair.

" - Oops still, wow.

I know, I know.

Creative Partners does not play.

I've been with them for two months, And they have me, like, everywhere.

So how are you feeling about the wedding? It is hard to say.

Until Terence is out of the picture, Everything is just temporary.

Yeah.

I mean, Kyle and I are definitely having more fun, But, I don't know, we've been so busy, Sometimes I forget that I still don't trust him, you know? Like, not completely.

- Ow.

- Megan? Are you still having those? Occasionally.

Well, what did the doctor say? You haven't been to the doctor? It's been two months.

What the hell are you doing? I'm okay, and I'm doing what I need to be doing right now.

You're not okay.

You're running yourself into the ground.

I'm building my brand.

And a career, okay? When shit goes down with Terence, I'm gonna need protection.

What's going on with James? He's finally back in town.

We're having dinner tonight.

- That's my girl.

- Yeah.

What's the matter? I don't know, it's weird.

Just like full-on playing someone like this? I'm not used to lying.

The key is to be as honest as possible.

You only lie if you absolutely have to.

Okay.

Let's identify our feelings.

- Terence.

- Sadness.

- Deann? - Distant.

Keep trying.

Loneliness.

Good.

Everybody present.

Let's talk.

Misaligned narratives without pairing.

Misaligned narratives is the symptom.

The root is an absence of intimacy.

Let's talk about the emotional first.

Well, let's talk about the physical intimacy first, Because that's truly what's been absent here.

You really just can't let her lead? It's okay.

We'll get there, one way or the other.

You aren't having sex with each other? Not since the tie on the doorknob.

Two months ago, and not much before that.

Is that supposed to justify the tie on the door? I don't understand this emotional reaction.

I really don't.

We're not polyamorous, we're open.

Feelings for each other and nobody else.

I follow the rules, and you won't have sex with me Because of a tie on the door? - It's not rational.

- It was a slap in the face.

- It was a head's up.

- Okay.

Obviously there is an emotional component to the tie, But an open relationship can't work unless you are having sex With each other regularly.

So what do we need to get us there? I already called the cops.

If you run now, you can make it.

Keys.

All right, man.

All right, all right, take it easy, man.

Take it easy.

- Give me the key.

- Okay, okay.

God damn it.

Get it.

- Okay, okay, okay.

- Get the key! Come on.

I didn't say get up.

Don't get up.

I said, don't look at me! Uh.

[INDISTINCT CHATTER AND SHOUTING.]

- Kyle, Kyle! - Megan, over here.

- Kyle, over here.

- Meg, look over here.

Are you okay? Yeah.

- - It is a thrill for me.

Megan is such an amazing person, And I'm just really excited that I get to watch her Accomplish so many great things.

Speaking of which, can you tell me a little bit About your wedding? Like, when is it, where, who's invited? Soon, it's a secret, and, uh, everybody we love.

Thanks.

Domestic violence and abuse is obviously a huge issue All over the world, but by acting locally, We can directly impact the people and the families Who need it most.

- Great, thanks.

- Thank you.

- Good night.

- You were born for this.

Ah, well, I definitely learned a few things from you.

I love you.

Aren't you two adorable? If I may direct your attention to the fireplace, You will see your new co-star.

Oh, Logan Travers.

- You invited him? - I invited him.

I sent him a script last week.

I spent 20 minutes talking to him about his dog; It's a rescue mastiff.

Look, he is interested in the part.

And he's good.

What do you think? Meh.

Okay, more importantly, Jason and Vic are interested in him.

Oh, what, did you already negotiate his contract, - As well? - It's called "teeing him up.

" Listen, just go talk to him.

Please? - He's expecting you.

- It's just a conversation.

If you don't like him, you can say no.

Do you remember this place? It's where we met.

Not that long ago, in fact.

Oh, my god.

That thing for the NRDC? Yeah, you were schlepping hors d'oeuvres And mouthing off to studio heads.

Now, listen to me.

I knew you were special when we met.

I knew you were capable of this and so much more, But "Technicolor Highway" is your launch pad.

Without it, none of this happens.

I'm well aware.

Okay, are you also aware that the investors Are fed up with Kyle and wanna pull the financing? What? No.

He didn't tell me that.

Of course, he didn't.

Look, he might be in denial about this, But we are out of time.

If we're gonna make this movie And keep your arrow pointing up, Logan Travers has to happen.

Kyle can't say no anymore.

- You want me to talk to him.

- Yes, talk to Kyle.

Talk to Logan.

Whatever it takes.

Megan, this is your movie.

And your everything else.

Uh, whiskey.

Actually, I'm pretty sure Kyle West is god.

He memorized the whole speech.

I watch it every morning before I run.

"We wanna realize the greatest version of ourselves.

" "That's how we can accomplish unimaginable things.

" No bullshit, my times are down.

Where have you been? I told you I was gonna need your help with Kyle tonight.

Out and about.

Drinking? What else? I didn't come here to have a goddamn discussion.

Hooper is seriously, like, half the dudes That I grew up with in Kentucky, man.

You know, tough on the outside, broken on the inside.

And looking for that someone to hang onto, But they don't know how.

You know, nobody ever gave them the tools.

Yeah, that's definitely Hooper.

I'm guessing it's you too? Little bit? Come on, we're in this business to tell our stories, right? My story's actually Clyde's.

Oh, the hot girl who kills herself at the end.

Yeah.

Wow, okay.

That's deep.

This is a lot of talent to process at one time.

That's exactly how I just felt.

I don't know how you live with this guy.

Aw, he makes it easy, trust me.

Megan Morrison, meet Logan Travers.

Kyle and I caught "Park Circle" At the Venice film festival last year, And we just loved it.

So nice of you to say.

Chardonnay, please.

- Logan Travers.

- Nasim.

What're you doing here? I'll be honest, I'm straight up using you So I can meet these two.

Congratulations.

This is so exciting.

And I love your charity.

Thank you.

Kyle and Megan, meet Nasim Anand.

This is my old partner in crime.

We did a horrible movie together.

But I just have to say, I am totally obsessed With the Institute of the Higher Mind right now.

Oh, that sounds unhealthy.

Yeah, my boyfriend says the same thing.

But, you know, the speech you gave in that video Was amazing.

You're really inspirational.

Who's your boyfriend? There he is.

You know, I discovered this one.

I discovered you.

You were very small, But I thought to myself, he's gonna be great.

That's right.

Yes, this man showed me the way.

Come on, let me buy you a drink.

Let's go.

Excuse us.

Oh.

Jeez, how much have you had? I almost died.

Yeah, well, tomorrow you're gonna wish you died.

Look, let's get you some coffee, all right? To have him here tonight, So please welcome the incredible Xavier Hughes! That's my boyfriend.

- It's cool, right? - Yeah.

Xavier Hughes playing at an event where you're being honored.

His first album best break-up therapy in the world.

Oh, my god, "buried under a blanket and barely alive".

What do you think, Mr.

Travers, Are we gonna do this movie together? Shoot, I hope so.

It's kind of up to el jefe at this point, though.

He's a little hard to read, huh? Kyle loves you.

Believe me.

Well, you are extremely believable.

Just propped your drunk husband up With a triple cappuccino.

What the hell is wrong with him? I have no idea, But they look cute together, don't they? What do you think? Megan, Logan.

Can Friendspace Live just grab a moment before the ceremony begins? - Yeah, of course! - Okay.

We are streaming live here from the Rising Women of Hollywood gala with Megan Morrison and Logan Travers.

- Hi, you guys.

- Hi, Friendspace.

Hi, there.

Now, are you guys talking business or are you just appreciating how incredible Xavier Hughes is? Well, a little bit of both.

Megan, you have a huge movie coming up, and you're about to marry one of the biggest stars in the entire world.

Talk to us a little bit about how working with Megan? Megan, Megan.

Hey, Megan, Megan.

Hey, Megan.

Hey, sweetie.

Not right now.

Three hours since Megan Morrison collapsed at the A-list Hollywood event and we already have Conflicting insider reports of drugs, pregnancy, and an eating disorder.

1.

8 million live views.

The agency keeps pestering me for answers Why? Because the new client launch fell apart? Screw 'em.

This insider's going with drugs.

No, it's not drugs, all right? I would know.

Yeah, that's the problem You think you know everything, Until you realize you don't know anything.

And this is Jason and Vic for the third time.

We need to talk about Logan.

Eh, not now we don't.

Kyle, this fiasco just makes things worse.

Please, just let me give them something to stop the carnage.

How is she? She'll be okay here for the night.

This is for the pain.

If you can convince her to take it.

She wouldn't accept anything from me.

Any idea what's going on? I took some blood.

I'll run it over the zombies At the lab and be back in the morning.

She doesn't wanna admit it, but she's wound up like a spring.

Whatever you could do to keep her relaxed would be good.

Good night.

It's okay.

Yoo-hoo.

You're very focused.

You having a hard time deciding? Um There's no rush.

You can just talk to me instead.

I'm sorry, um I'm I’m excited to see you.

It's just, I feel like we've kind of skipped over something.

What'd we skip? The explanation for why you ghosted me at work.

For weeks, and then how we got here from there.

I'm sorry.

Your feelings are completely valid.

But but shouldn't we just focus on moving forward? Hmm? We should, we should.

I I give that advice every day.

- But - Look.

This is the first job I've had Where I don't feel like I'm settling In any way.

And I'm scared.

I got scared of a personal relationship ruining that.

That's all.

And I didn't handle it well.

Well, if you're scared, then then No.

I'm settled in now.

And I think there's room for both.

Ordinary stress can really cause that kind of pain? There's nothing ordinary about her narrative right now.

You need to find ways to manage the pressure.

You might start by taking something off your plate.

He's talking about the movie.

He's gonna tell them that I'm not up for it.

- God damn it.

- Relax.

You're jumping the gun.

He's IHM, Shaun.

Don't tell me I'm wrong for thinking bad things might happen.

It's not gonna help.

You need to chill, Megan.

If you don't wanna believe the doctor, fine, But believe your body.

It's telling you the same thing.

All right, maybe I'm just getting stomach cancer, Like my mom had.

Wow, seriously? You need to stop spinning out.

Okay? I actually have some potential good news.

I think I can convince James to take me to the facility.

So dinner went well? He's going back up tomorrow.

Hopefully I'll learn something that can actually help us out.

And take something off your plate.

Because he's not right for the part! How many times do I have to say it? No one's gonna force Logan down my throat.

Not Jason and Vic, and not you.

I will kill this movie completely.

That is exactly what you've been doing For the past two months.

Whoa, whoa, what's going on? Jason and Vic want an answer on Logan Travers And apparently that answer is "No.

" - What? Why? - You know what? I don't wanna listen to this anymore.

I have worked my ass off on this movie.

And so has she.

But none of that's gonna matter Because you let your shit get in the way.

Don't look at me! I said don't look at me! When Deann said you let your shit get in the way, What'd she mean? She thinks I'm jealous about Logan.

Or anybody else up for the part.

Sounds a little simplistic.

Yeah, except for when I met Lisbeth on set, I was single, and she was dating the director.

Lisbeth.

Yeah.

It got really dramatic.

And we all got caught up in it.

And you're afraid the same thing's gonna happen With me and Logan? That's Deann’s theory, yeah.

I'm asking you.

Me? Right, "me" as in me.

You know, I've been pretending to be other people For a long time, But when I direct, I'm not gonna be able to hide behind an image anymore.

The way I think, the way I see the world It's all gonna be exposed.

And the movie doesn't have to be perfect.

You know, nobody's perfect.

But it has to be right.

Why would I settle for anything less? You can't.

You know, Logan’s really good.

I mean, the guy's talented.

You know, why why wouldn't I pull the trigger? Maybe Deann’s right.

Maybe I am jealous.

You know We have a contract That forbids me from having an affair with a co-star, Or anyone else.

- Yes, I do know that.

- Mm-hmm.

Come on, please.

Contracts get broken all the time.

Yeah, maybe by major movie stars Last year, I was a waitress.

I'm not throwing away $10 million on a piece of ass.

You're probably the first person in Hollywood Ever to say that.

You know, that was really beautiful, what you said.

About the movie being an expression of who you are on the inside.

And you're right, It's something that people haven't seen before, But you showed it to me.

And I loved it.

And look, I know things have been crazy, But I feel like we're growing closer.

That feels really good.

And I won't let anyone anyone get in the way of that.

Me neither.

Okay.

So Knowing that, how do you really feel about Logan Travers? Well, guess who's in the neighborhood.

I swear, Berglund just invades me.

You have amazing taste.

I'm gonna go to bed in a few minutes.

You okay? I mean, she's totally nice, just a bit much right now.

Yeah, we'll keep it short.

Well, we're so glad that you're all right.

I hope it's okay that we invited ourselves over.

Oh, no, no, it's very sweet.

And bringing chocolate makes everything okay, so You know, I have this very strong feeling about you guys.

Like, we're supposed to be friends, you know? - Something in your gut.

- Yeah, exactly.

I mean, we kind of match, don't we? You and Xavier are both big stars.

Megan and I are both on the rise.

Baby, it's not just about where we're all at with work.

You're right.

I'm just waiting to find out if they're gonna make me a series regular, so - Mm.

- Ugh.

Stressful.

No, no, it's not.

It's it's all a blessing, and I am just gonna let it go.

Whew.

So I have been told that you have a Lavoie.

Actually, to be honest, I read about it.

It's upstairs.

You wanna see it? Uh, god, yes.

- I'll I’ll wait here.

- Okay.

We'll go in a minute.

I know you must be exhausted.

Oh, it's okay.

You know, before I humiliated myself last night, I really enjoyed your set.

I really am a very big fan.

Thank you.

You didn't humiliate yourself.

And you didn't just lie to make me feel better.

You play? Oh, not me.

Kyle.

Ah.

Hey, you think he'd mind? Not at all.

I would've offered, I just thought you might get tired Of people asking you to play.

Nope, I'ma get worried if people stop asking me to play.

Hmm.

It's a very interesting choice.

What is? To put a piece with such strong energy here.

In the bedroom.

Hmm, I never really thought about it being anywhere else.

I'm sure it's exactly where it's supposed to be.

So is this talent of yours God-given, or did you go to Julliard? No, no Julliard.

My mom taught me to play.

She must be amazing.

Yeah, she was.

How old were you? When she passed? Sweet 16.

I was 19 when I lost my mom.

Hmm.

Whenever I was sick, or feeling bad, I put my ear on the piano where mom played and sang, I'd feel the strings vibrating.

The click of the pedal.

Her voice.

I could feel all of it.

Always made me feel better.

Hey.

Have you ever acted before? Can I DJ? Uh, sure.

- Sweet.

- Um, uh first Um I have to give you this.

Mm, what's that? It's a blindfold.

I I can take you to the facility, But I can't let you know where it is.

Don't you trust me? Of course, I do.

It's just You're not authorized.

I'm the in-house counsel.

I'm sure Terence wouldn't mind me knowing where the facility is, right? You're not authorized.

Do you, um, still wanna go? Yeah! Let's go.

Take me away, captain.

Hey.

Do you need to shower? Eventually.

But I can wait till after lunch.

Do you wanna shower now? It's a free country, for people like you anyway.

People like me? People who can pretend they don't have problems.

You don't know anything about Those aren't the lines.

He's improvising.

He's a jazz musician.

Kyle'll work with him.

Well, I don't need to talk to a therapist or a thief About my shit.

He's got something undeniable, though.

And a whole lot of buzz right now.

It's actually kind of genius.

So you're happy? Well, Kyle's happy.

Jason and Vic are happy.

So yeah, I'm happy.

Good, we'll have a productive session then.

Oh, I cancelled with Bella.

- You cancelled? - Yeah.

I have a backlog of work right now, And honestly, I don't think we need it.

Okay, did we have sex at some point that I'm not aware of? We'll get there.

I promise.

Look, for me, it's just the stress of this movie More than anything else.

But things are headed in the right direction again.

It's not the sex that he's missing.

It's having things his way.

Control.

Personally, I'd miss the sex.

What? It's just easier.

Why make things complicated? You make everything easier.

Mm.

I said don't look at me! Ah, look who's back from the dead.

Did you come to tell me what a brilliant idea Xavier Hughes is? No, actually, I came to talk to Megan.

About what happened to you.

It's not just stress.

Not when your entire body shuts down.

Something else is going on.

Something destructive.

And I think you and I should work together Until we figure out what it is.

Terence, we start rehearsals tomorrow.

Kyle, it's okay.

I think it's a great idea.



