Rihanna fans aren't happy that Chris Brown commented on her Instagram posts It's been almost ten years since Chris Brown pleaded guilty for assaulting then-girlfriend Rihanna, and some fans are not willing to forget the shocking incident - as indicated by their angry reaction to Chris commenting on the singer's recent Instagram posts.

Rihanna shared images of herself modelling her Savage X Fenty lingerie in two separate posts on her page. She added the caption: "Hit up SavageX.com now to shop the latest @savagexfenty holiday styles! Treat yourself or your loved ones with something NAUGHTY or NICE this season!!"

Fans spotted that Chris had added a flirty flushed face emoji under both posts, prompting some to tell him to "go away" underneath it.

Instagram

"Hi! don't come anywhere near her! thanks!" one fan wrote.

"Yo, Chris u still lurking on your ex's profile?" another asked.

"Leave my girl alone," another fan posted.

In 2009, Chris accepted a plea deal of community service and five years of formal probation as well as domestic violence counselling after pleading guilty to felony assault.

AFP // Getty Images Chris Brown pleads guilty to felony assault in 2009

The couple got back together in 2012, and went on to record a duet called 'Nobody's Business' that year. They broke up again a year later, and in 2015, Rihanna gave an intimate interview about their relationship, and how she had asked the court to lift the restraining order against him to Vanity Fair.

AFP // Getty Images

"I was very protective of him," the 30-year-old Ocean's 8 star had said. "I felt that people didn’t understand him. Even after... But you know, you realise after a while that in that situation you're the enemy.

Wally Skalij // Getty Images Chris Brown and Rihanna in 2012

"You want the best for them, but if you remind them of their failures, or if you remind them of bad moments in their life, or even if you say I'm willing to put up with something, they think less of you-because they know you don't deserve what they're going to give."



She added: "I don't hate him. I will care about him until the day I die. We're not friends, but it's not like we're enemies. We don't have much of a relationship now."