Gwyneth Paltrow Is Celebrating Her Bachelorette in Mexico With All Her Famous Friends Since tying the knot in the Hamptons back in September 2018, Gwyneth Paltrow has been happily married to Brad Falchuk.

While arguably lesser known than the Goop founder among the mainstream, Falchuk is a big name and face within the entertainment industry for his leading work on some of the most successful shows in recent television. It's thanks to his profession that he first crossed paths with Paltrow some years ago, while the Goop founder was still acting.

"We feel incredibly lucky to have come together at this juncture in our lives when our collective successes and failures can serve as building blocks for a healthy and happy relationship," the pair said in their engagement announcement in January 2018.

Ahead, see everything to know about Paltrow's husband, from his award-winning TV shows to how he and Paltrow first met (plus, his endearing bond with her ex-husband).

He works in television.

Falchuk got his big break as a producer working as a writer on Season 1 of Nip/Tuck with Ryan Murphy, according to People. Falchuk and Murphy have since become regular collaborators, namely as co-creators on Glee, American Horror Story, American Crime Story, and Pose.

Jason LaVeris // Getty Images

He is an Emmy winner.

Thanks to his work as executive producer on American Crime Story, Falchuk is a two-time Emmy winner for Outstanding Limited Series (in 2016 and 2018). Falchuk also received 11 other nominations—several of which come from Outstanding Writing—for his additional TV projects, including Glee, American Horror Story: Freak Show, American Horror Story: Coven "Bitchcraft," and Pose.

He met Paltrow on the set of Glee.

Falchuk and Paltrow first met in 2010 when she appeared as a guest star on Glee, playing substitute teacher Holly Holliday. Paltrow went on to reprise the role several times in the following years, and the pair eventually hit it off. They are said to have officially begun dating in 2014, per Hello! magazine.

He is friends with Paltrow's ex-husband, Chris Martin.

Given his success within the entertainment industry, Falchuk is unsurprisingly well connected with his share of celebrity artists. But thanks to Paltrow in particular, he has fostered a special friendship with Coldplay front man Chris Martin, who was previously married to Paltrow and welcomed two kids with her, Apple and Moses Martin.

Paltrow and Martin first met backstage during a Coldplay concert back in 2002, and shared a romance until 2014, the same year that Paltrow also reportedly got together with Falchuk. The two have remained on good terms as co-parents following their split, so much so that Martin has become close with his ex's now husband.

Paltrow even shared a photo of her husband and her ex-husband laughing together at brunch on Instagram in November 2017, writing in the caption, "Sunday brunch #modernfamily."

He proudly posts about Paltrow on Instagram.

Though Falchuk isn't super active online, he isn't shy about showing off Paltrow when he posts, and it's clear that they're very much in love.