Meghan King Edmonds Reveals the Heartwarming Names of Her Twin Sons Meghan King Edmonds has a real knack for choosing baby names. Why, the name she and husband Jim Edmonds chose for their daughter, Aspen King, is one of the prettiest monikers we ever did hear.

How to Watch Watch The Real Housewives of Orange County on Peacock. Catch up on the Bravo app. Stream Now on

So you better believe that we expected Meghan to knock it out of the park once again when it came time to name her twin sons, who were born on June 5. And Meghan definitely did not disappoint.

Meghan revealed that she and Jim have named their twin sons Hayes and Hart in a recent post on her blog. The Real Housewives of Orange County alum shared the news at the end of a post titled "My Birth Story" and explained the inspiration for the names. "We take a couple days to name them. We are between the names Hart, Hayes, Haze, and Lake. Inside of me Baby A was active and I thought Hart was a good name for an active baby and Hayes or Lake would be better for my Baby B, my chill baby. But on the outside, Baby B is active and Baby A is chill!" Meghan wrote. "Three days later after much thinking we name Baby A Hayes and Baby B Hart. Both are family names: Hayes (who looks like Jimmy) is Jimmy’s great-grandma’s maiden name, Hart (who looks like me) is my great-great-great grandpa’s first name. King is a given for their middle names. Our family is now completely complete."

Photo: @meghankedmonds/Instagram

Photo: @meghankedmonds/Instagram

Meghan's eldest child, Aspen, also has the middle name King, but the RHOC couple looked to nature for inspiration for their daughter's name. "We were at our house in Idaho and we were just talking about names. And there's Aspen trees right outside the window of our house and we said, 'What about Aspen?' and that was it," Meghan told The Daily Dish in January 2017. "We thought it sounded feminine and unique, but not crazy out there. So we both really liked it."

Meghan wrote in the blog post that she and Jim weren't initially sold on naming one of their sons Hayes. During her first big contraction, her stepson, Landon, FaceTimed with his dad and suggested the name Hayes for one of his new baby brothers, which the couple had previously "decided against." "Jimmy hangs up the phone and tells me Landon wants to name a baby 'Hayes' and so Jimmy now wants to as well," Meghan wrote in the blog post.

Related





In the post, Meghan also chronicles the entire day she gave birth to her sons at exactly 37 weeks pregnant. In addition to Jim, Meghan's mom, sister, and midwife were also present for the birth of her sons at the hospital.

Hayes was born at 10:48 p.m., and Hart was born at 11:32 p.m. on June 5. "Overall I had a beautiful labor almost exactly as I envisioned. I am so blessed to have had a natural, vaginal labor," Meghan shared. "I was incredibly conscious of everything happening to my body, I knew what to expect during each stage, I felt present, awake, and enlightened. It was incredibly painful but I enjoyed my breaks between contractions. I feel so powerful."

See what Meghan looked like as a kid, below.