Big shoes to fill! AnnaSophia Robb swaps her high heels for comfy UGG boots on set of The Carrie Diaries Big shoes to fill! AnnaSophia Robb swaps her high heels for comfy UGG boots on set of The Carrie Diaries



As Sex and the City fans know, Carrie Bradshaw is a high heel fiend, often purchasing a beautiful pair to help battle through anything from a break up to career hitch.



And even though AnnaSophia Robb is playing the young version of the character Sarah Jessica Parker made famous, she showed that keeping up appearances in real life isn’t as easy.



The 17-year-old was spotted giving her feet a rest on Friday as she filmed scenes for the upcoming spin-off series The Carrie Diaries.

Scroll down for trailer

Quick change artist: AnnaSophia Robb swapped her shoes on set of The Carrie Diaries on Friday

While on location in New York City, the blonde could been seen in camel colour sheepskin boots to keep her soles cosy and comfortable.



She took the opportunity to traipse around in the unattractive footwear while the cameras were not rolling.



But as soon as the director called for action, she made sure she was back in the patent pair of heels she had been wearing for the part.



Bright young thing: The teen showed off Carrie's Eighties style in clashing colours as she filmed in New York

Shoes glorious shoes: The 17-year-old donned a pair of patent heels when the cameras were rolling

It’s a smart move from the actress, who will no doubt be required to prance around the Big Apple in plenty more agonising pair of shoes for the job.



She repeated an outfit previously seen for recording the show last week.



Robb donned a short black skirt, patterned blue blouse and green jacket to get in character for the show, which is created by Gossip Girl’s Josh Schwartz.

Comfortable: But she wore Ugg boots when she traipsed around in between scenes

So chic: Later on AnnaSophia was spotted rocking another outfit which oozed Carrie's signature style

AnnaSophia’s love of great footwear design is said to have played a part in her casting.

Amy B. Harris, writer/executive producer of The Carrie Diaries said of their casting decision: 'When AnnaSophia Robb walked into the room, we knew we had found her. Her grace, intelligence, sense of fun and her empathetic nature make her the perfect girl to bring our young Carrie to life.