Scarlett Johansson escorts 72-year-old lookalike to event As promised, Scarlett Johansson escorted her doppelgänger Geraldine Dodd to the Manhattan premiere of her chick flick, Rough Night, on Monday.

The 72-year-old blonde went viral on April 17 after her grandson Denver posted a Reddit snap of her age 22 'drunk as a skunk' at Cain's Ballroom in Tulsa way back in 1967.

The Arkansas 25-year-old told Global News: 'My grandma said in our group chat, "I'm not going to be square, I'm going to drink with [Scarlett] and see if I can drink her under the table. She has got to remember to take it easy on me, I'm 40 years older than her."'

Scroll down for video

Cheers! As promised, Scarlett Johansson escorted her doppelgänger Geraldine Dodd to the Manhattan premiere of her chick flick, Rough Night, on Monday

Resemblance: The 72-year-old blonde went viral on April 17 after her grandson Denver posted a Reddit snap of her age 22 'drunk as a skunk' at Cain's Ballroom in Tulsa way back in 1967

Johansson and Dodd sported matching kohl-rimmed eyes and held Judith Leiber sequinned clutches reading 'Hello, my name is Scarlett' and 'Hello, my name is Geraldine.'

Unsurprisingly, the purse better matched the 32-year-old Tony winner's custom Michael Kors silver halter gown than Geraldine's black pantsuit on the red carpet at AMC Lincoln Square Theater.

The Ghost in the Shell actress first extended her generous invitation in an April 26 YouTube video posted by Denver, which amassed 1.4M views.

'I have been inundated with emails and messages about how much we lookalike, so I had to look at the photo myself. Holy crap!' Scarlett said.

The Arkansas 25-year-old told Global News: 'My grandma said in our group chat, "I'm not going to be square, I'm going to drink with [Scarlett] and see if I can drink her under the table. She has got to remember to take it easy on me, I'm 40 years older than her"'

Twinning: Johansson and Dodd sported matching kohl-rimmed eyes and held Judith Leiber sequinned clutches reading 'Hello, my name is Scarlett' and 'Hello, my name is Geraldine'

Glam duo: Unsurprisingly, the purse better matched the 32-year-old Tony winner's custom Michael Kors silver halter gown than Geraldine's black pantsuit on the red carpet at AMC Lincoln Square Theater

'I want to meet you!' The Ghost in the Shell actress first extended her generous invitation in an April 26 YouTube video posted by Denver, which amassed 1.4M views

'I want to meet you in person. I saw that you were quote "drunk as a skunk" when taking that photo, and I would like to see your drunk face. I want to share a drunk face with you. Let's have a drink, Geraldine.'

Johansson continued: 'Do you want to come to see Rough Night with me? Be my guest? We're a bunch of partying girls, so it's a good running theme, and I'll cover all your hidden costs. I'll see you at the bar. Be there or be square!'

The Sing stunner plays bride-to-be Jess in the stripper-killing bachelorette comedy, which hits US theaters Friday and UK theaters on August 25.

Director Lucia Aniello's Miami-set chick flick also features Kate McKinnon, Zoë Kravitz, Demi Moore, Ty Burrell, Ilana Glazer, and Jillian Bell.

Scarlett said: 'I saw that you were quote "drunk as a skunk" when taking that photo, and I would like to see your drunk face. I want to share a drunk face with you. Let's have a drink, Geraldine'

'We're a bunch of partying girls!' The Sing stunner plays bride-to-be Jess in the stripper-killing bachelorette comedy, which hits US theaters Friday and UK theaters on August 25

Geraldine was a safe date for the four-time Golden Globe nominee, who reportedly spent Saturday night with her rumoured rebound, SNL Weekend Update co-anchor Colin Jost, at Upper East Side hotspot The East Pole.

'They were really chill and super nice,' a source told Page Six. 'They were holding hands and having drinks.'

Scarlett and the eight-time Emmy nominee - who turns 35 on June 29 - 'made out at least twice' on May 20 at the Rockefeller Center ice rink after she hosted the NBC sketch show for the fifth time.

Rumoured rebound: Geraldine was a safe date for the four-time Golden Globe nominee, who reportedly spent Saturday with SNL Weekend Update co-anchor Colin Jost (R) at The East Pole

A source told Page Six: 'They were really chill and super nice. They were holding hands and having drinks'

The Captain America actress filed for divorce on March 7 from second husband Romain Dauriac, with whom she has a two-year-old daughter Rose.

'When women talk about enjoying sex, it's almost forbidden,' Johansson lamented in the July edition of Cosmopolitan.

'Just having a healthy sexual attitude, you are labeled as loose, wild, a slut. You have no morals, and you're seen as some kind of sexual deviant or someone who can't be in a monogamous relationship. The minute you talk about enjoying yourself, being curious, that is still taboo.'