Teen Mom 2’s Javi Marroquin Celebrates Son’s Birthday With Briana DeJesus Teen Mom 2’s Javi Marroquin celebrated son Lincoln’s birthday on Saturday, November 18, and he did it with help from his costarBriana DeJesus.

Related: Teen Mom 2 Tots: My, How They’ve Grown! See adorable snapshots of Jenelle, Chelsea, Kailyn and Leah's little ones

The Air Force member, 24, posted a photo of the reality stars posing in front of a birthday cake with their children. He captioned it, “Thank you friends and family that came and made Lincoln’s birthday extremely special. Huge thank you to my girl @_brianadejesus helping me put this together and thank you @miss_teenyfabsmama for these awesome shirts. Linc loved them.”

Marroquin shares 4-year-old Lincoln with ex-wife Kailyn Lowry, while Briana shares daughters Nova, 6, with Devoin Austin, and 5-month-old Stella with Luis Hernandez.

Related: Teen Mom Stars, Then and Now! It’s been quite a journey for the cast of Teen Mom. The series launched in December 2009 as the first spinoff from MTV’s 16 and Pregnant. The debut season followed the lives of Maci Bookout, Catelynn Lowell, Amber Portwood and Farrah Abraham, who all experienced very different journeys during their teen pregnancies. On season 5, […]

Marroquin calling DeJesus his “girl” was not insignificant. Fans speculated for months that the two were dating after they were spotted out at dinner in New York City in September and at Walt Disney World in Florida with their kids. Marroquin fueled rumors when he posted a photo with DeJesus on October 23: “I have a 6 pack from laughing so hard these last couple of days,” he wrote with hashtags, “#IMY” and “BAE.” He also told Radar Online on October 25 that things were “amazing” between him and DeJesus.

I have a 6 pack from laughing so hard these last couple of days #IMY #SCORPION #BAE #CHICKENFINGERS&BBQ #GAPING #BOUJEE #YOUCHANGEDINLA #PLAYTHATCARDIIIIB A post shared by Javi Marroquin (@javim9) on Oct 23, 2017 at 4:26pm PDT

Related: Stars Who Got Their Start on Reality TV The road to success in Hollywood is a little different for every would-be actor, but these days, reality TV is becoming a major launching pad for some of the industry's biggest stars. Before they were red-carpet regulars, NeNe Leakes, Jennifer Hudson, Julianne Hough and Lucy Hale were among those who broke through as reality stars

But when reports surfaced that the two were officially a couple on October 26, DeJesus, 23, denied them, despite sharing photos on her social media accounts of Marroquin that were captioned “Daddy Javi.” Although DeJesus insisted otherwise, a source told Us Weekly at the time that the two were dating.