Rachel McAdams Hits First Red Carpet Since Giving Birth: Photo Welcome back! Rachel McAdams turned heads as she hit her first red carpet on Tuesday, April 24, since secretly welcoming her first child.

Related: How Stars Worked Around Their Baby Bumps At least they could indulge their cravings at craft services! Take a look back at Kerry Washington, Alyssa Milano, Rachel Bilson and more celebrities who had to strategically hide their baby bumps on television while they were pregnant

The Game Night actress, 39, was on hand to promote her new film, Disobedience, at the Tribeca Film Festival in NYC. She wore a sheer Giambattista Valli dress, which was detailed with ruffles, floral embellishments and a deep V-neckline.

Related: Rachel McAdams’ Best Red Carpet Moments Rachel McAdams, star of modern classics like Mean Girls and The Notebook, has worked a closet of fabulous dresses through the years. (Not to mention gorgeous accessories—hey, Ryan Gosling!) From a ruffled white dress to a number of glam one-sleeved stunners, flip through to see McAdams' best red carpet moments!

McAdams was joined by her costar Rachel Weisz at the event. Weisz announced earlier this month that she is expecting her first child with husband Daniel Craig. (She already shares son Henry, 11, with ex-fiancé Darren Aronofsky and Craig is dad of Ella, 25, from his previous marriage to Fiona Loudon.)

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2018 A new bundle of joy! Scroll through to see all the cute babies who were born to famous parents in 2018, so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive […]

McAdams, meanwhile, has kept mum about her newborn — and her entire pregnancy. Earlier this month, it was reported that she welcomed a son with her boyfriend, screenwriter Jamie Linden.

The couple began dating in 2016 following McAdams’ split from Taylor Kitsch. She also has previously dated Ryan Gosling and Michael Sheen while he was linked to New Girl’s Zooey Deschanel for two years.