Radar Online By Leah Ornstein, Radar Style & Beauty Editor Was your favorite Hollywood star dressed up in a sexy or scary Halloween costume this year? RadarOnline.com has

By Leah Ornstein - Radar Style & Beauty Editor Is she in an innie or an outie? RadarOnline.com has photos of Hollywood’s hottest bikini bodies, showing off

By Leah Ornstein Radar Style & Beauty Editor Happy Cinco de Mayo! In honor of the south of the border holiday, RadarOnline.com has photos of Hollywood¹s hottest

Sources tell RadarOnline.com that Kathie Lee hasn't forgotten and there has been bad blood with Ripa for years.

Kathy Lee Gifford said she won't be reading Kelly Ripa's new tell-all book in which she went into detail about her strained relationship with the late Regis Philbin.

Kelly Ripa brushed it off after learning that fellow TV personality Kathie Lee Gifford would not be reading her book, which includes chapters about Regis Philbin.

Kelly Ripa is continuing to shed light on her feud with the late Regis Philbin despite criticism, revealing she wouldn't have done 'Live' with him in hindsight due to the drama.

'Ignorance Is Bliss': Kelly Ripa Says She Would Reconsider EVER Co-Hosting 'Live' With Regis Philbin After Show Drama

Ryan Seacrest announced he will be leaving 'Live' after six seasons and heading back to Los Angeles.

Sources say the two are pitching a show that would air at the same time as 'Live With Kelly.'

Kelly Ripa revealed what life was like on the early days of co-hosting 'Live!' — and it wasn't glitz and glamour.

Kelly Ripa Claims She Was Forced To Work Out Of A Janitor's Closet For Years While Hosting 'Live!'

Kelly Ripa is ripping Regis Philbin again — and Reege's former sidekick Kathie Lee Gifford has had enough.

Madonna fans are "hung up" that she brought Kelly Ripa up on the stage and snubbed her longtime backup singers, Niki Haris and Donna De Lory, who were in the audience at the same show.

"Next time you go on Puff's boat, we'd like to!" Ripa told Mary J. Blige during the interview that re-aired on Tuesday.

What A-Listers Really Saw and Knew About Sean 'Diddy' Combs' Twisted 'Freak Offs' — From 50 Cent to Ashton Kutcher and Ellen DeGeneres

Smoking cigarettes is a tough habit to kick no matter how rich and famous you may be. Here is how some of your favorite stars quit smoking.

Megyn Kelly was just one of the notable names who destroyed the couple.

Say What? Charlize Theron, Kelly Ripa and More Celebrities Who Brutally Insulted Jeff Bezos and Lauren Sánchez After Their Controversial Venice Wedding

The morning show host ripped into viewers and said she 'doesn't care' if anyone is offended.

The couple, however, are said to have rejected Lisa Marie's offer at one point.

'Executives fuss over her, reassure her how valuable she is to the franchise,' an insider said.

© Copyright 2026 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.