Meghan Markle scores first People's Choice Awards nomination in new Style Star of 2018 category Meghan Markle scored her first People's Choice Awards nomination on Wednesday in the Style Star of 2018 category.

The 37-year-old Duchess Of Sussex will compete in the category against Rihanna, Gigi Hadid, Zendaya, Blake Lively, Emma Watson, Beyoncé, Harry Styles, Chadwick Boseman, Brooklyn Beckham, Jaden Smith and Chris Pine.

Markle also was nominated in the Choice Style Icon category at the 2018 Teen Choice Awards.

Scroll down for list of nominees

Fan favorite: Meghan Markle, shown in July in London, was nominated on Wednesday for a People's Choice Award in the Style Icon category

She lost out to 24-year-old English singer and actor Styles during the awards ceremony last month at The Forum in Inglewood, California.

Markle also was honored for her fashion sense on Wednesday when People named her the Best Dressed Star of 2018.

The Los Angeles native was given the top honor by People in its annual list ahead of Cate Blanchett, Sandra Bullock, Amal Clooney and Kim Kardashian.

The Los Angeles native joined the royal family when she married Britain's Prince Harry in May.

Royal style: The Duchess of Sussex, shown on Tuesday in London, was named the Best Dressed Star of 2018 by People on Wednesday as part of its annual list

The stylish star has been winning plaudits for blending outfits from retail fashion stores with designer couture.

The former Suits star also has become known for flouting traditional British royal protocol by baring her legs, wearing off the shoulder ensembles and styling her dark tresses in a messy bun for her nuptials.

The 44th People's Choice Awards will be presented on November 11 from downtown Los Angeles and will air for the first time on the E! network after previously being broadcast on CBS.

Tough competition: Rihanna, shown in June in London, and Blake Lively, shown last month in New York City, will compete against Markle for the Style Icon award

The annual awards are voted on by fans in categories including movies, music, television and pop culture.

New categories this year include: the Bingeworthy Show of 2018, the Game Changer of 2018, the Revival Show of 2018 and the Style Star award.

Boseman, 40, along with his nod for Style Star also was nominated for Male Movie Star and Action Movie Star for his work in Black Panther.

Multiple nominees: Chadwick Boseman, shown in July in Los Angeles, also was nominated in the Style Star category and landed two more nominations for his work in Black Panther