Scott Disick reunites with former flame Chloe Bartoli It looks like Scott Disick has no intention of slowing down his bad boy ways now that Kourtney Kardashian has finally called it quits on their on-off relationship.

The self confessed sex addict has now been pictured getting very handsy with stylist Chloe Bartoli, 26 - his ex-girlfriend and the same woman he was caught cheating with in 2015, triggering his split with Kourtney.

Scott put on a very amorous display with the pretty brunette in Cannes on Wednesday - just a day after he was pictured cuddling up to former Disney actress Bella Thorne, 19.

Onto the next! Scott Disick put on an amorous display with stylist Chloe Bartoli in Cannes on Wednesday

He can't help it! The 33-year-old kissed and cuddled his 26-year-old ex girlfriend in the pool of a private villa

Hands on! Scott didn't waste any time getting re-acquainted with his ex

Scott and Chloe kissed in the pool of a luxury villa and at one point the cheeky TV star placed both his hands on her bottom as she perched on the ledge.

Chloe showed off her fantastic figure in a grey one-piece with cut-outs around her waist.

Scott couldn't keep his hands off his lovely companion and appeared to follow her around the patio, eventually coaxing her onto a sunbed.

Scott's seemingly rampant Lothario ways show no signs of slowing down, especially now as Kourtney, 38 has moved onto model beau Younes Bendjima, 23.

Going in for a kiss: The reality star playboy went in for the kill

Old friends: They seemed very comfortable in each other's company

Cheeky! The fashionista showed off her figure in a grey one-piece

Blast from the past! Chloe was first pictured with Scott in 2015 but the duo go way back, having first dated before he got together with Kourtney

Showing his appreciation: Scott wasn't shy around Chloe, who along with her twin sister is a stylist to the stars

Touchy feely: The father-of-three couldn't keep his hands of Chloe as they hung out at a luxury villa

Kourtney has spent much of this week on a yacht with her French beau who she's reportedly been dating for several months.

And it's been rumored that Scott - who shares children Mason, seven, Reign, two and Penelope, four, with Kourtney - is on a mission to make his ex jealous.

An insider revealed to E! News this week that Scott bringing Bella to Cannes 'is 100 percent to piss Kourtney off,'

'It's a very "Let's see how it makes you feel" kind of thing. It's immature, but that's Scott.' they added.

They look good together! Scott wrapped his arm around Chloe as they walked around the patio

Like white on rice: Scott was all over the pretty fashionista who is in Cannes to dress some of her famous clients

Chloe accessorized her pool look with a couple of chains and some trendy sunglasses

It seems Bella has already been cast aside after Scott enjoyed some pool time with the Blended star - even grabbing her breast at one point - on Tuesday.

And on Thursday evening Bella took to Twitter to post that she feels 'uncomfortable' in Cannes.

She shared with her 6.59million fans: 'Yo this #cannes fancy life isn't for me.'

She later took to her Snapchat to share a selfie while posing with her index finger in her mouth and wrote the caption: 'Amfar ready in bed haha.'

This all comes after a source told People Magazine that the Famous In Love actress 'really likes the attention' that comes with being seen with Kourtney Kardashian's ex.

Something's funny: The twosome shared a giggle as Chloe sipped on a chilled drink

All eyes on her: The KUWTK star fixed his gaze on his pretty companion

His favorite position: The duo then hopped on a sun lounger for a little chit chat

Meanwhile, Scott was apparently devastated when he saw photos of Kourtney and new man Younes together last month.

He also looked downcast at his birthday celebrations at 1Oak in Las Vegas over the weekend, just as photos of Kourtney and Younes in Cannes surfaced.

Scott split with Kourtney, after nine years together, when photos emerged of Scott and Chloe canoodling in Monaco in 2015.

Don't leave! Chloe hopped up out of Scott's clutches

Dumped: Scott was pictured canoodling with Bella Thorne, 19, on the very same sun lounger just 24 hours earlier

Not having fun anymore: The teenager retreated to bed on Thursday night (left) after being cast off by Scott. She appeared to have a blast during their day of poolside fun with Scott on Tuesday (right) and even shared a snap from the day on Instagram

And since then, as well as helping to co-parent their three children, Scott had been trying to prove to Kourtney he could stop his hard partying ways in an effort to win her back.

But Kourtney finally called an end to their longtime relationship with sources telling TMZ she was done with 'treating Scott like a baby' and 'worrying how he'll react to her every move'.

Chloe was an old flame that Scott dated years ago, before he got together with Kourtney, and it was reported at the time byUsWeekly that the KUWTK star hated Scott flirting with her.

Bikini babe! Chloe flaunted her toned figure in they stylish cut-out swimsuit

Quite the party: The duo weren't alone at the villa as a couple of Scott's pals joined them

Fun in the sun: The E! star is showing no signs of slowing down his party boy ways

Hanging out: Earlier the pretty stylist had her locks up in a bun as she chatted to Scott

And now Scott's reunited with Chloe there's no doubt Kourtney will be getting some unpleasant feelings of déjà vu once she sees the pictures.

Chloe, along with her twin sister Marie-Lou Bartoli, run a joint business as stylists to the stars.

Among the clients of the Los Angeles-based sister act are Sofia Richie, Chrissy Teigen, Selena Gomez, Ashley Tisdale, Miranda Kerr, Nicole Richie and Poppy Delevingne.

Deja vu: It was these photos of Scott with Chloe in 2015 that triggered Scott's split from the mother of his three children Kourtney Kardashian

She's moved on: Scott's ex Kourtney, 38, has been enjoying the company of her new boyfriend Younes Bendjima, 23 on a yacht in Cannes this week