Jonny Mitchell confirms split from Stephanie Pratt The blonde hinted at their split earlier this week, when she shared a crying selfie to her Instagram page captioned with his initials.

However Jonny Mitchell has now confirmed he has broken up with Stephanie Pratt, after just three months of romance.

His representative told MailOnline on Tuesday: 'Jonny Mitchell and Stephanie Pratt have ended their relationship. Jonny has fond memories of the times they spent together and wishes Stephanie all the best of luck in the future.'

Scroll down for video

Over: Jonny Mitchell has now confirmed he has broken up with Stephanie Pratt, after just two months of romance

The announcement came just one day after Steph shared a cryptic photo of herself crying, with mascara all down her face - which appeared to take aim at Jonny with the caption: 'Makeup by JM'.

After receiving a backlash over the worrying snap, Stephanie hit back at her critics on Tuesday, insisting they 'know nothing' about her life.

The Made In Chelsea star, 31, was seen addressing the photo in a candid video she posted to Instagram where she revealed she is 'not speaking' to her family and had called the police on Sunday night after being left 'terrified', but gave no further details.

Cryptic: The announcement came after Steph shared a cryptic photo of herself crying - which appeared to take aim at Jonny with the caption: 'Makeup by JM'

Speaking out: Stephanie later back at her critics, insisting they 'know nothing' about her life, after receiving backlash for a cryptic crying photo she had shared to Instagram

Seeming to be in bed at the time of posting the video, Stephanie said: 'Hi strangers, just need to apologise for posting a photo of myself crying since none of you know what my life is like.

'None of you know that I'm not speaking to my family, none of you know that I ended up calling the police last night because I was terrified. So f**k all of you.'

She had included a caption across her video that read: 'Maybe that's my way of asking for help or reaching out to my mom.'

The reality star then made sure to thank those that have shown her support and added: 'To all my wonderful followers that have sent me supportive messages, don't worry.

'Tomorrow morning, I will be back. I will be back strong. Career orientated and independent. The stuff that I've always been.'

Concerning: The MIC star, 31, was seen addressing the photo in a candid video she posted to Instagram where she revealed she is 'not speaking' to her family

Sharing a more positive outlook across her second video, she penned: 'You can't keep me down that long. Soz.'

It's not the first time the blonde beauty has spoken about her feud with family - she is the younger sister of former Hills star Spencer Pratt.

In May, Stephanie had told The Sun that she felt 'really left out' after brother Spencer failed to tell her about his wife Heidi Montag falling pregnant with the couple's first child.

She said: 'I have a feeling they all knew. I think I'm literally the only person who didn't. I just felt really left out, I don't feel part of my family.'

Worrying: Stephanie also revealed she had called the police on Sunday night after being left 'terrified', but gave no other details

Feuding: It's not the first time the blonde beauty has spoken about her feud with family - she is the younger sister of former Hills star Spencer Pratt - as she claimed she felt 'really left out' after not being told about his wife Heidi's (above) pregnancy

All over? Stephanie hinted their romance had suffered a bump in the road, with her emotional display on social media

Split? A source told MailOnline Stephanie added a second post following her crying image, which included a video of her saying: 'Legit never speaking to you again after tonight, your stuff is with security at the front gate'

Their split awkwardly comes after she revealed in an OK! interview her plans to bring Jonny over to LA to 'meet her family'.

However, their relationship has clearly suffered a bump in the road recently, judging by Stephanie's emotional display on social media.

A source told MailOnline that she then added a second post following her crying image, which included a video of her saying: 'Legit never speaking to you again after tonight, your stuff is with security at the front gate.'

She soon deleted the image from her account, but hours later took to Twitter, where she penned the seemingly furious message: '3 times is a pattern - pattern that will never change.' [sic]

Loved-up: Stephanie is set to star in her own reality TV show alongside boyfriend Jonny, giving fans an up close and personal look at their relationship

Inseparable: The news come after sources close to the couple have said an engagement is imminent between the two, with Jonny 'set to propose imminently'

TV bosses were also reportedly offering the lovebirds a lucrative deal to document their romance on their own reality show - which is likely to now be cancelled.

Jonny told the Daily Star: 'I'm really excited about getting back on TV. The show will be really cool because we'll be in LA, London and Essex. I always said I'd do more TV if it was something classy and beneficial to me. And now we have this.

'It will be following our lifestyle, which will be great because we've got a lot going on at the moment.'

The Love Island hunk said he had been 'given loads of advice' from girlfriend Stephanie, who has starred on The Hills and Made In Chelsea.

Trip of a lifetime: In September, the photogenic twosome once again took to the skies for a romantic trip to Bali

Wedding bells? Sources close to the couple have told MailOnline that an engagement is imminent between the two after they hit it off during the summer, a couple of weeks after he left Love Island's Hidden Hills villa in Majorca

Couples time: The pair documented their romantic travels on social media with their Instagram feeds filled with pictures of them looking loved-up

The split also comes after it was claimed Jonny was ready to get down on one knee, after just three months of romance.

'Jonny and Steph have become really close since they met and are living their lives as one,' a source told MailOnline.

'Close friends have said that an engagement is on the cards sooner than everyone thought. They are inseparable and are taking their first steps as a new couple, nobody saw it coming but an engagement is expected very soon.

Strong: Stephanie and Jonny both slammed allegations of a showmance, claiming a faux relationship would not be taken as far as theirs has been

Bright future: The reality stars have only been dating for three months, but insiders say the Love Island star is ready to get down on one knee

'Who would have thought that from their different show backgrounds that they would meet and end up potentially being married,' the source added.

Each of the reality stars have become somewhat known for their turbulent love lives - with Steph known for dating Made In Chelsea bad boy Spencer Matthews, before going through a disastrous break-up with Josh Shepherd on the same show.

Jonny was engaged in a will they/won't they romance with Camilla Thurlow during his time on Love Island, only for the couple to call it quits when he turned his affections on Tyla Carr before being dumped from the show.

In the past: Stephanie previously dated Spencer Matthews back in 2013, but it wasn't meant to be as the couple soon parted ways

Then: Stephanie moved onto fellow MIC star Josh Shepherd before the former flames went their separate ways in 2015