Kylie Jenner and mother Kris visit Peru on charity mission They are in Peru to give back on a charity trip.

But Kylie Jenner, 19, looked a little tired as she got off a private jet with her mother Kris, 61, in Cusco, Peru with a zebra blanket wrapped around her.

The mother-daughter duo are in the South American country on a medical trip to support Smile Train, an organization that provides free surgeries to repair cleft pallets for children living in developing countries.

Worn out? Kylie Jenner, 19, looked a little tired as she got off a private jet with her mother Kris, 61, in Cusco, Peru with a zebra blanket wrapped around her

Kylie had her dark hair up in a ponytail parted down the center and appeared to be covering up dark leggings.

Mother Kris was a little more dressed up in a black shirt and a grey overcoat.

She wore dark sunglasses on her face as she departed the private jet.

The mother-daughter duo managed to squeeze in a little sight-seeing in between giving back on the trip.

Little more put together: Kris was a little more dressed up in a black shirt and a grey overcoat

Kylie was later seen with the blanket off and was sporting a sequined leather jacket and the same leggings.

She wore her long dark hair down in waves around her shoulders and appeared to be wearing her usual TV makeup.

The 19-year-old beauty mogul spent the day getting acquainted with an alpaca.

Tourist: Kylie was later seen with the blanket off and was sporting a sequined leather jacket and the same leggings

En route: Kylie had her dark hair up in a ponytail parted down the center and appeared to be covering up dark leggings

Kylie took to Snapchat to share photos of herself and her friends embracing the animal, as well as cuddling up to a baby goat.

She appears to have gotten better for her trip after suffering from altitude sickness earlier in the week.

Kylie was then shown inhaling supplemental oxygen from a tube connected to a tank.

Having fun: Kylie took to Snapchat to share photos of herself and her friends embracing the animal, as well as cuddling up to a baby goat

Kylie and her mother also visited a medical facility in Lima, Peru on Tuesday on behalf of the charity.

The young reality star is a Smile Train ambassador who last year developed a limited edition shade for her Lip Kit designed for the organization.

Smile Train CEO Susannah Schaefer raved about Kylie's generosity when speaking with the magazine.

'Kylie has a beautiful smile herself, yet we were most impressed with her selflessness, huge heart and extremely generous giving spirit.

'Everyone here at Smile Train, and all of the cleft children around the world that she has helped, couldn’t be more grateful.'