Christina El Moussa Splits from Doug Spedding as He Enters Rehab Christina El Moussa, 34, and her boyfriend Doug Spedding, 55, have officially broken up. The Flip or Flop star officially ended her relationship with the businessman after he reportedly checked into an in-patient rehabilitation center for addiction issues, according to an In Touch exclusive posted Wednesday. Multiple media outlets also confirmed the news.

"Doug has had a huge history of drug and alcohol abuse, and Christina was warned when they first started dating," a source told E! News. "It has gotten pretty bad this past month and Christina's friends urged her to end the relationship." Despite the circumstances, Christina has remained supportive of her now ex-boyfriend and is still in contact with him during his recovery period, a source told People.

"Christina didn't just turn her back on him," a second inside source told In Touch. "She respects and supports Doug's decision to take the steps to make changes in his life. Ultimately, she cares about him and his daughters and has no doubt this is what is best for them." On Tuesday, Christina even took to Instagram and shared a timely inspirational quote.

"There is no shame in beginning again, for you get a chance to build bigger + better than before," the quote read. "People can impact you in different ways … the important ones enter your life for a reason a season or a lifetime #keepthefaith," Christina captioned the photo.

Christina and Spedding were first suspected of being in a relationship back in July. According to source who spoke to People, Spedding and Christina were initially a couple before she got together with Tarek, almost a decade ago. "Doug and I are doing great," Christina told E!'s Daily Pop back in September. "He actually has six kids. He has two twins that are girls — they're 10. Taylor loves them. They got along really well." In August, Christina divorced her now ex-husband and Flip or Flop co-star Tarek El Moussa.

When Christina submitted her divorce papers in August, she cited "irreconcilable differences" as the reason for their separation. Christina and Tarek continue to have a civil working relationship on their HGTV show Flip or Flop, and they share joint legal and physical custody of their two children, Taylor, 6, and Brayden, 2.

Follow Redbook on Facebook.