Chris Martin vacations in Antigua with ex Gwyneth Paltrow They've put on a united front since they 'consciously uncoupled' nearly four years ago.

And Chris Martin, 40, and Gwyneth Paltrow, 45, proved they're still the friendliest of exes as they enjoyed a festive family holiday with their children, Apple, 13, and Moses, 11, in Antigua.

The Coldplay frontman was shirtless as he ran across the beach before making a splash in the warm Caribbean waters, just days after going public with new girlfriend, Fifty Shades Of Grey star Dakota Johnson, 28.

A Caribbean Christmas: Chris Martin, 40, and Gwyneth Paltrow , 45, proved they're friendly exes as they enjoyed a festive holiday with their children, Apple, 13, and Moses, 11, in Antigua

The British musician seemed in high spirits as he jumped into the ocean with a male friend.

Gwyneth had just made her exit with daughter Apple, 13, as the pair wrapped up in crisp white towels before heading inside to the family's residence.

While both parents have moved on in different relationships, the former couple have made a jointed effort to maintain a close relationship for their children.

Gwyneth has been dating Glee creator Brad Falchuk, 45, since late 2014 when they met on the set of the musical drama, and the couple recently got engaged.

Fun in the sun: The Coldplay frontman was shirtless as he ran across the beach before making a splash in the warm Caribbean waters

Drying off: Gwyneth had just made her exit with daughter Apple, 13, as the pair wrapped up in crisp white towels before heading inside to the family's residence

Chris was recently seen canoodling with actress Dakota Johnson, 28, on a trip to Paris, France.

In March, Gwyneth shared an adorable photo of the family with the caption: 'HAPPY 40th BIRTHDAY to the best daddy in the world!!! We love you so much!'

The decision to remain close despite their break-up was not easy, and Chris admitted to suffering from depression after the split in an interview with the Sunday Times in March 2016.

'I still wake up down a lot of days. But now I feel like I've been given the tools to turn it around,' he said.

Sweet: In March, Gwyneth shared an adorable photo of the family with the caption, 'HAPPY 40th BIRTHDAY to the best daddy in the world!!! We love you so much!'

Family first: The decision to remain close despite their break-up was not easy, and Chris admitted to suffering from depression after his split from the Oscar-winning actress

Jumping for joy: Gwyneth posted another snap of Chris and one of their kids getting some air time on the beach

'You can come at it very aggressively and blame and blame. Or you can put yourself in the garage, so to speak. Take yourself apart and clean off the bits. Reassemble.'

On the details of their relationship, he said: 'It's always out there in the media, but I have a very wonderful separation-divorce. It's a divorce but it's a weird one.

'It's funny. I don't think about that word very often- divorce. I don't see it that way. I see it more like you meet someone, you have some time together and things just move through.

'I've lived a lot of life since then.'