Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx Get Cozy at the Actor's 50th Birthday Party -- See the Rare Pics! They may keep a low profile, but rumored couple Jamie Foxx and Katie Holmes definitely looked cozy at the actor's 50th birthday party!

Foxx celebrated his big day at Los Angeles' Paramount Studios on Wednesday, where he was not only joined by Holmes, but also A-list friends like Leonardo DiCaprio, Snoop Dogg, Tobey Maguire and Foxx's The Jamie Foxx Show co-star Garcelle Beauvais, as well as his daughters, 23-year-old Corinne and 8-year-old Annalise.

Splash News

Splash News

Though Foxx and Holmes are rarely spotted together, the two weren't shy inside the party. At one point, the birthday boy could be seen touching the actress' left arm as they leaned in close to talk. Holmes had a huge grin on her face and was laughing at something he said during their chat.

An eyewitness tells ET that, inside the soiree, Foxx and Holmes "seemed besotted" with each other. "Jamie kept beckoning for Katie to come up to the stage but she didn’t want to,” the eyewitness said. “They were so cute!”

Splash News

Foxx performed for the crowd, as did Snoop, Ice Cube and Ludacris. Our eyewitness noted that Holmes "seemed happy" and "very entertained by his performances."

Splash News

Another performer at the event? Foxx's gardener.

"Jamie heard him singing one day and said, ‘Wow, you sing?’ And he said, ‘Yes, I’m in a mariachi band!’ So Jamie had the whole mariachi band performing there!" the eyewitness explained. "And the man said, ‘Thank you, Jamie, for letting me serve you for 15 years,’ and Jamie grabbed the mic and said, ‘No! We work for each other, we work together!’ and they hugged. A lot of the people in the audience got emotional.”

As ET previously reported, Holmes, 38, sat with DiCaprio and a few friends at a private table to watch Foxx's performance. The Dawson's Creek alum was also snapped in the crowd, wearing a pearl necklace and sporting her new pixie cut.

ET

Foxx also apparently wasn't shy when it came to their rumored relationship. According to the earlier eyewitness, the Oscar-winning actor sang along to a song with “I love you” lyrics and looked directly into Holmes' eyes.

"Jamie definitely was looking and smiling at [Holmes] the majority of the night," another eyewitness tells ET of the rumored couple's interaction at the party, though noted that they didn't show any PDA. "Even when on stage he would look over and point at her and then smile. She would smile back. They sat together at the table for about 30 minutes together until she left with Leo."

Foxx and Holmes have been a rumored couple for years, but the two have remained incredibly private about their relationship -- until pictures of them holding hands on the beach in Malibu, California, surfaced in September, which ET talked to him about later that month.

For more on the Ray star's birthday party, watch the video below.

RELATED CONTENT: