Rose McGowan hits out again at 'monster' Harvey Weinstein The Harvey Weinstein sexual harassment and assault scandal heated up on Sunday, with the disgraced executive being ousted from the company he founded and one of his victims going after Hollywood stars for their continued silence.

Rose McGowan posted a photo of herself taken in March 1997 at the Independent Spirit Awards in Los Angeles, writing: 'This is the girl that was hurt by a monster. This is who you are shaming with your silence.'

The picture was taken just two month after an incident occurred between McGowan and Weinstein inside a hotel room during the Sundance Film Festival that resulted in the executive paying out an undisclosed amount of money to the actress in a settlement.

That was revealed in an investigation into Weinstein's decades of harassment that was published last week by The New York Times, with McGowan one of at least eight people to have allegedly received a payout from Weinstein.

SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO

McGowan took to Twitter to share a photo of herself in her 20's and wrote: 'this is the girl that was hurt by a monster. This is the girl who you are shaming with your silence'

At roughly the same time the Harvey Weinstein company announced that they have fired the 65-year-old, who is pictured with McGowan, one of his most vocal accusers, in 2004

Harvey Weinstein is pictured here leaving his Manhattan home on Friday after taking a leave of absence from his own firm

Rose McGowan tweeted that the team that produced the NYT article had 'saved lives' with their 'bravery'

Rose McGowan posted a series of Tweets on Sunday as news of Weinstein's firing emerged

Just a few hours after McGowan posted that tweet, the board of the Weinstein Company announced that they were terminating their founder in the wake of what they claim are newly discovered allegations.

'In light of new information about misconduct by Harvey Weinstein that has emerged int the past few days, the directors of the Weinstein Company - Robert Weinstein, Lance Maerov, Richard Koenigsberg and Tarak Ben Ammar - have determined an have informed Harvey Weinstein, that his employment with The Weinstein Company is terminated, effective immediately,' the board wrote in a statement.

It was a sudden move for the board, who on Friday said that Weinstein had taken an indefinite leave of absence.

Questions remain however about how the board was so in the dark given the number of settlements that have been paid out, with the first going back to an incident that happened in 1991 according to the Times.

Weinstein responded in a statement by saying that he was getting help, but then shortly after threatened to sue the paper for $50 million.

Board member Lance Maerov spoke to the The New York Times after the decision to terminate Weinstein on Sunday and that said that the executive had also violated the company's code of conduct in the past week.

He did not offer any additional details.

Maerov also revealed that there was much concern after Weinstein and his attorney Lisa Bloom met with the board on Thursday night, during which time the layer told the group that they could expect 'more and different reporting' that included 'photos of several of the accusers in very friendly poses with Harvey after his alleged misconduct.'

That same night a handout photo of Weinstein and a smiling Judd appeared in the New York Post alongside a statement from the Oscar-winning producer.

'This is not the time for Harvey or TWC to appear defiant or indignant,' wrote Maerov in an email to Bloom.

'It is time to repair, heal, accept responsibility and recover.'

He also wrote that Bloom had a potential conflict of interest given that Weinstein had agreed to develop a book she wrote into a series.

In another email to Bloom, Harvey's brother and partner Bob wrote: 'Perhaps, Harvey as he stated in the NY Times, to the world, should get professional help for a problem that really exists.'

Brave face: Rose McGowan has stepped out for the first time since Harvey Weinstein was accused of sexually harassing multiple female employees and movie stars

Victims: Ashley Judd (left in 1997) and Rose McGowan (right) were revealed to be two of Weinstein's alleged victims by the Times

McGowan posted several other related tweets to her page Friday evening

McGowan told Hollywood actresses to 'get brave,' while applauding those who spoke out

The actress, 44, who is one of Weinstein's accusers, took to her Twitter page Friday evening to share some careful words to her famous counterparts

On Friday, one-third of the nine-man board resigned in protest, 24-hours after the sexual harassment report threw the firm into chaos.

The company also stated that they were launching an internal probe into the claims against their disgraced co-founder.

And as the backlash grew, graphic revelations appeared in Huffington Post, claiming that Weinstein cornered a New York reporter and forcibly made her watch him masturbate in front of her.

Lauren Sivan, formerly a Fox News Reporter, claims that when she worked with the cable channel Long Island 12 a decade ago, Weinstein insisted she take a tour with him in Socialista, a club he part-owned.

She claims he took her downstairs to a kitchen and cleared it of staff and then tried to kiss her. When she refused his advance he said, 'Well, can you just stand there and shut up'.

The movie mogul is then alleged to have masturbated in front of her and ejaculated into a nearby flower pot.

Sivan says she was trapped and intimidated and deeply shocked.

That same night McGowan first asked why there was so much silence from the Hollywood community, stating: 'Ladies of Hollywood, your silence is deafening.'

Given the number of lawsuits that the company has settled over the years there is of course a chance that some of these women cannot speak because they signed a NDA or do not want to speak on account of their own personal experiences.

That would not however stop any of these women from publicly declaring that they support and believe McGowan and Judd.

The most encouraging tweet from a member of the Hollywood community came from 'Girls' producer Jenni Konner, who said on Thursday: 'Who are the agents/managers that sent their clients to meet with him when this was a well known “secret”? Them nxt.'

Dark: McGowan shared a cryptic tweet not long after Weinstein (pictured on Thursday night) was accused of sexually harassing multiple female employees and movie stars

Georgina Chapman was seen leaving her Manhattan home on Friday morning, marking the first time she has been seen in public since her husband's decades of sexual harassment were revealed on Thursday.

The Marchesa designer appeared morose but did manage to flash a smirk as she made her way out of the $15million townhouse she shares with Harvey Weinstein an hour after her husband headed off to work.

Weinstein exited the home on Friday carrying some papers under his arm and flashing a big smile as he made his way to the waiting SUV outside, with his trip to the office coming less than 24 hours after he informed the Times that he was taking a leave of absence.

The embattled Hollywood heavyweight appeared surprisingly upbeat and chipper, especially given the fact that his board will be voting on Friday afternoon on whether or not to cut all ties to the founder and namesake of the company.

He is also facing new allegations of improper conduct, with British actress Jessica Hynes taking to Twitter on Friday and writing: 'I was offered a film role at 19, Harvey Weinstein came on board and wanted me to screen test in a bikini. I refused & lost the job.'

She then added: 'I'm sure there are many more...'

Hynes, who earlier in her career went by Jessica Stevenson, in now 44 and has starred in the two most recent 'Bridget Jones' films as well as number of theatrical productions, being nominated for a Tony in 2009 for her role in 'The Norman Conquests' on Broadway.

Her claim is remarkably similar to a blind item that has been floating around for over a decade, and is well known to many in Hollywood.

Writer and comedian Jack Howard noted that, replying to Hynes: 'Holy s*** I knew the story but I didn't know who it was about.'

Hynes did not reveal what the film was, but it would have been around 1991 or 1992 when Weinstein was beginning his ascent up the ranks in the movie industry while working in London.

It was also in 1991 when he allegedly sexually harassed the first of his many alleged victims who came forward to speak with the Times on the record about his behavior.

Laura Madden said that she was asked by Weinstein to give him massages while he was staying at hotels in Dublin and London at that time.

'It was so manipulative,' said Madden.

'You constantly question yourself — am I the one who is the problem?'

Judd recounted her encounter with Weinstein, saying she was doing night shoots for her 1997 film 'Kiss the Girls' when she got an invite to meet with Weinsten that she could not pass up.

She said she felt uncomfortable from the start and ordered cereal from room service because it would arrive quicker than a hot meal.

Judd said she was asked to give Weinstein a massage and then a shoulder rub, both of which she declined while trying to get herself out of the room.

That is when he allegedly asked her to help him pick out his clothes for the day and then watch him shower.

'I said no, a lot of ways, a lot of times, and he always came back at me with some new ask,' said Judd.

'It was all this bargaining, this coercive bargaining.'

She eventually made her escape by joking that Weinstein would have to help her win an Oscar before she would be willing to touch him, stating that the prestige of working for his studio made it too difficult to forcefully shut down his harassment.

'There's a lot on the line, the cachet that came with Miramax,' explained Judd.

Judd previously wrote about the same experience in 2015 for Variety without naming Weinstein, simply saying it was a studio mogul.

'I was with a bunch of other actors, and it was critical that it was actors: The exact same thing had happened to them by the exact same mogul,' wrote Judd.

'Only when we were sitting around talking about it did we realize our experiences were identical. There was a mutual strengthening and fortification of our resolve.'

She later wrote in that piece: 'The ultimate thing when I was weaseling out of everything else was, "Will you watch me take a shower?" And all the other women, sitting around this table with me, said, "Oh my god—that's what he said to me too."'