Heidi and Spencer Pratt explain how they wasted MILLIONS and now live in his parents home They used to make $2 million a year by appearing on the MTV reality series The Hills and showing up at fancy Hollywood events.

But after years of overspending on frivolous things like $3,000 bottles of wine, $15,000 Hermes purses and $10,000 crystals, Spencer Pratt, 32, and his wife Heidi Montag, 29, have whittled away their fortune, which must have been over $10 million.

The couple told People that they now very much regret pretending to be high rollers. 'We were keeping up with the Joneses, but we were going against Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes,' Spencer said. 'We should have stayed in our reality TV lane.'

Looking back: Heidi and Spencer Pratt told People they regret spending so much money during their Hills heyday six years ago; here they are seen in May

Going too far: The couple miss their $2 million a year salary; here they are seen in their heyday in 2007

Other splurges included a full staff with bodyguards charging $15,000 for an evening out.

The couple, that wed in 2009, would also go to expensive dinners at places like Cut in Beverly Hills.

And then there was Pratt's crystal collection. He owned hundreds of pieces and he told People he thinks he rolled out $1 million for the hobby.

Modest start: When they started dating on The Hills in 2007, they stayed within their means

Fame went to their head: But then they started splurging on things like $3,000 bottles of wine, $15,000 Hermes purses and $10,000 crystals

Only the best! The reality divas, who loved high-end restaurants, were worth about $10m at one point

There was also Heidi's penchant for designer clothing. She loved Hermes purses and diamond jewelry. It is estimated she spent at least $1 million on this habit.

'I was kind of playing house. I felt like I was someone I wasn't,' she said.

'We had business managers who told us to stop spending but we acted like we knew what we were doing.'

Montag also got several cosmetic procedures, which she revealed to People in 2010.

He likes rocks... a lot: The bad boy of reality TV splurged on crystals, one of which he is holding here in 2010. He also said he thought the stones would give him super powers

Still doing well: They wed in 2008 in a ceremony in Mexico, before exchanging vows for a second time in 2009 in Pasadena, California

The two do not say when they went broke, but it is believed to be just after 2010.

They now live rent free in the Santa Barbara vacation home owned by Spencer's parents.

'I was feeling so alone and defeated,' Heidi added.

'Everyone else on our cast had houses and we had nothing to show for what we'd done. I was like, the haters were right! It was sad.'

The Hills cast members Heidi is talking about include Lauren Conrad, who is flourishing with her career as an author. There is also Audrina Patridge, who has a TV career as a host, and Whitney Port has done reality TV in England and has gotten into design work.

They keep on working though: The two are still at it, appearing on reality shows like Marriage Boot Camp and attending events like this for MeMe London at DiLascia in 2015

Lo Bosworth has become an entertainment manager.

But the Pratts have found a way to make some money, even if it's not the six figure salaries they used to get.



'We make most of our income from reality shows,' said Heidi.

The good ole days: Heidi worked with (from left) Audrina Patridge, Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on MTV's The Hills

They have been on Celebrity Big Brother in the UK and Marriage Boot Camp: Reality Stars.

'We're doing fine. Each show is like an audition for the next. Life is so short. And what matters is being happy with family and marriage and with personal progress. We're in a really good place.'

But unlike six years ago, they now are good at keeping an eye on their spending.

'We haven't been out to a fancy dinner since our anniversary,' said Spencer. 'If Heidi's not cooking, we're eating tacos.'

Spencer's sister Stephanie, 30, is also a reality TV star. She has appeared on Made In Chelsea.

Spilling the secrets: Conrad is starring in the special The Hills: That Was Then, This Is Now