Pregnant Amber Portwood Learns Sex of Baby No. 2: Watch Amber Portwood was anything but blue when her Ob-Gyn revealed the sex of her baby on the Monday, February 19, episode of Teen Mom OG.

“This is a boy, a very stubborn baby boy. Super stubborn,” the doctor joked referring to the multiple attempts to get him to shift his position.

“He gets it from his mom,” quipped Portwood’s boyfriend, Andrew Glennon. “I have three sisters so I thought it would be a girl for some reason. But this is great, this is fantastic.”

Related: Amber Portwood Through the Years Click through to relive Amber Portwood’s life on ‘Teen Mom’ through the years

An ecstatic Portwood let out an audible gasp and clapped her hands together. And daughter Leah, 9, (with ex Gary Shirley) is just as excited that boy will be joining the family. Shirley and his wife Kristina, however, have some reservations.

“She’s always said, like, that was on her Christmas list, she wanted a baby brother, she wanted a baby brother but she put it like from us” Kristina told Shirley. “I’m like, you’re not going to get a baby form us. She hasn’t spent a lot of time with her mom since she’s been pregnant.”

Related: Teen Mom Stars, Then and Now! It’s been quite a journey for the cast of Teen Mom. The series launched in December 2009 as the first spinoff from MTV’s 16 and Pregnant. The debut season followed the lives of Maci Bookout, Catelynn Lowell, Amber Portwood and Farrah Abraham, who all experienced very different journeys during their teen pregnancies. On season 5, […]

Shirley agreed and mentioned Portwood’s ex fiance Matt Baier, who she split with in August. “She’s getting used to Andrew too. A lot of changes. Leah, she went through a lot because, Matt is out of the picture. He was her buddy, who she did a lot with,” he said. “Then her mom wasn’t coming around. Then Andrew comes into the pictures, three weeks later, she’s pregnant. It’s like a lot to take in for her. It’s quite a bit.”

Us Weekly broke the news in November that the MTV personality is expecting her first child with the cinematographer.

Related: Stars Who Got Their Start on Reality TV The road to success in Hollywood is a little different for every would-be actor, but these days, reality TV is becoming a major launching pad for some of the industry's biggest stars. Before they were red-carpet regulars, NeNe Leakes, Jennifer Hudson, Julianne Hough and Lucy Hale were among those who broke through as reality stars

“When I first found out, I was a little scared,” the 16 and Pregnant alum told Us that month. “I just kind of sat down and thought about it and realized that it was a big step in my life and it was a good thing actually, and I was really happy within 30 minutes.”

Portwood and Glennon met in the summer of 2017 while she was filming Marriage Boot Camp with Baier.