Allison Janney recalls awkward run-in with Duchess Kate Allison Janney has opened up about her awkward moment with Prince William and Duchess Catherine at the BAFTAs.

Advertisement

During an appearance on The Late Late Show With James Corden, the actress recalled meeting the royal couple towards the end of the evening, when she had long ditched her heels in favor of a much more comfortable option — bare feet.

“I did meet Kate and William and she was in her heels and pregnant, so I felt like a bit of a wimp that I was there in my bare feet,” she said. “She was in full-on heels and she was my height, when I was in my bare feet. It was kind of extraordinary that she was that tall.”

WATCH: Allison opens up about the royally awkward encounter on The Late Late Show With James Corden. Post continues…

Advertisement

Allison, who took home the award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance as Tonya Harding’s mother in I, Tonya at the event, then took it upon herself to give the beloved royal a bit of advice regarding her footwear. And to make matters worse, she called the expectant royal by a term of endearment — a huge royal no-no.

“I just told her that I was in bare feet and I felt — I told her she should take her shoes off ’cause she’s pregnant. It was an awkward moment,” the 58-year-old said. “As I did, I called her ‘honey’ and that might not have been royal etiquette.”

Kate, though, as you’d expect from the down-to-earth royal, was completely unfazed by the cringe-worthy encounter.

“She was lovely,” Allison said. “They loved I, Tonya and it was a pretty cool thing to meet them.”

Advertisement

Kate, who will soon welcome her third child, was apparently unfazed by the royally awkward run-in.

In fact, the expectant parents were pictured smiling and laughing as they enjoyed their night on the town.

On Sunday, Kate and Will made a glittering entrance as they arrived at the Royal Albert Hall for the 71st British Academy Film Awards for the 2018 BAFTAs.

Kate, 36, turned to her favourite designer Jenny Packham to dress her for the event, highlighting her baby bump in a flowing emerald green gown. She complimented the moody-hued outfit with a smokey eye and soft tousled waves.

Advertisement

Of course, the look was topped off with royal jewels — and lots of them. This time around, the expectant royal went with an emerald and diamond earring, necklace and bracelet set.

It was the second time Prince William, who is the President of BAFTA, stepped out for the awards with his wife.

Loading the player...

Related

Advertisement

FREE home delivery every week! Subscribe TODAY