Marc Anthony Mother Dies Marc Anthony’s mother, Guillermina Quiñones de Muñiz, has passed away. The salsa singer said his goodbyes to his mother on Thursday, July 27, when he shared the sad news to his millions of followers on social media.

Related: Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony: The Way They Were Before announcing the end of their seven-year marriage, see how the couple first fell in love

The singer tweeted along with a text image: “Today at 12:10 pm my families hero, our rock, our protector, inspiration and now ANGEL passed away.”

Today at 12:10pm my families hero, our rock, our protector, inspiration and now ANGEL passed away…. pic.twitter.com/4e7U86720r — Marc Anthony (@MarcAnthony) July 27, 2017

“She left in peace, accompanied by all your prayers and well wishes for which we thank you all,” added Anthony, 48.

Related: Check Out Hollywood’s Friendliest Exes See how Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, Cameron Diaz and Justin Timberlake and many more A-listers remain pals post-breakup

He concluded the message: “Mami, I’m going to miss you so much!”

Fans quickly reacted to the news with messages of support and prayers to the singer and his family.

Earlier this week, the singer was spotted at a hospital in Puerto Rico with his current girlfriend, Raffaella Modugno, where a fan snapped a photo of them and shared it on social media.

The two-time Grammy winner also asked fans to “please pray for my mom” in a tweet on Sunday, July 23.

Please pray for my mom today. I love you mommy. — Marc Anthony (@MarcAnthony) July 23, 2017

Anthony is the youngest of eight children and has often named his parents, especially his father, Felipe Muñiz, as his inspiration for his music career. He has not spoken publicly about his mother’s health and has kept her out of the public eye throughout most of his career.

Related: Celebrity Splits of 2016 From Drew Barrymore and Will Kopelman to Khloe Kardashian and James Harden, take a look back at the biggest celebrity splits of 2016 — see the pics