'Bachelor' Alum Peyton Lambton Gives Birth to Second Child With Husband Chris Bachelor Nation just got bigger! Chris and Peyton Lambton welcomed their son, Hayes Jennings, on Sunday, December 16. The newborn joins smitten big sister Lyla, 2. “Lyla James is in love with her baby brother,” the couple tells Us Weekly exclusively. “It’s adorable.”

Related: ‘Bachelor’ and ‘Bachelorette’ Babies ‘The Bachelor’ and ‘The Bachelorette’ alums have welcomed some pretty adorable babies — see the family photos!

Peyton, 35, who vied for Andy Baldwin’s heart on season 10 of ABC’s The Bachelor, announced in a July blog post that she and Chris were expanding their family. The pregnancy came as a total surprise to the reality star and the Bachelorette season 6 alum.

“Lyla James was an IVF baby and we went through so much to bring her into this world,” Peyton wrote at the time. “I just assumed that was how we would create all of our babies . . . boy was I wrong.”

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2018 A new bundle of joy! Scroll through to see all the cute babies who were born to famous parents in 2018, so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive […]

In September, the TV personality suspected she was having a son. “I’m not sure if it’s the heat or my hormones, but salads have been my jam lately,” Peyton shared on her website. “I don’t think I ate a single salad when I was pregnant with Lyla James. So maybe this is a boy?!?!”

Peyton had a rough first trimester and suffered from morning sickness. “This happened with Lyla James too, but I could lay in bed all day with her,” she noted on her blog in August. “This time I had to suck it up and find a way to parent while trying not to puke everywhere! I do have to give a shout-out to my amazing husband because he really stepped up and allowed me to have full days in bed when I needed it.”

Related: Stars Who Struggled to Conceive Children It has been a difficult road to parenthood for many celebrity parents, including Chrissy Teigen and John Legend. After in vitro fertilization didn’t work on the first try, Teigen wondered if she had done something wrong. “You just look for anything to blame, especially yourself,” Teigen explained to New York Magazine’s The Cut in April […]

The couple, who met through Bachelor friends in 2010, tied the knot in May 2012.

With reporting by Jen Peros