The tiniest star of 'The Florida Project' didn't go to the SAG awards, but she still had plenty of fun on the red carpet SANTA MONICA, CA - JANUARY 11: Brooklynn Prince attends The 23rd Annual Critics' Choice Awards - Arrivals at The Barker Hanger on January 11, 2018 in Santa Monica, California. (Photo by David Crotty/Patrick McMullan via Getty Images)

SANTA MONICA, CA - JANUARY 11: Brooklynn Prince attends The 23rd Annual Critics' Choice Awards - Arrivals at The Barker Hanger on January 11, 2018 in Santa Monica, California. (Photo by David Crotty/Patrick McMullan via Getty Images) Credit: Patrick McMullan via Getty Image

Brooklynn Prince has been making the rounds during award show season, but that didn't stop her from having a bit of FOMO during the SAG Awards Sunday night.

The star of critically-acclaimed film The Florida Project sat out the Screen Actors Guild ceremony this year, but she still tuned in to see all the red carpet looks — and she found an adorable way to support her colleagues in the industry from afar.

While her account is operated by her mom (Prince is only seven years old, after all), the photos are still hilarious. It all started with this picture of Millie Bobby Brown and Dakota Fanning. "Whyyyyyy am I not in this picture???," Brooklynn said on Twitter.

Mashable Trend Report Decode what’s viral, what’s next, and what it all means. Sign up for Mashable’s weekly Trend Report newsletter. Loading... Sign Me Up Use this instead By clicking Sign Me Up, you confirm you are 16+ and agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Thanks for signing up!

Moments later, thanks to a fun feature on Instagram stories, Prince inserted herself into the scene.

Thankfully, she did it to a host of other red carpet photos, including some brilliant pictures with Daniel Kaluuya, the stars of Lady Bird, Lupita Nyong'o and Nicole Kidman, and the legend himself, Sterling K. Brown with his wife, actress Ryan Michelle Bathe.

Give Prince all the awards, please, or at least put these in the MoMA.

Featured Video For You Quit annoying your roommates and sing into this soundproof mask