The Walking Dead season 9 spoilers: Daryl Dixon and Rick Grimes clash revealed? The Walking Dead season 9: Tensions between communities rise

Daryl (played by Norman Reedus) is rumoured to be taking over from Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) as the show’s lead character once Andrew leaves the show.

Despite Norman’s claims otherwise, it would make sense for Daryl to take the lead because he’s been around since the first season and The Walking Dead fans love his character. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Furthermore, season nine’s trailer teased Rick and Daryl being at odds in the upcoming season.

"Are we on the same side, Rick?" Daryl asks in the trailer, to which Rick replies: "Well, you tell me."

Now, Norman has revealed at San Diego Comic-Con that Daryl and Rick will share a “f**king epic” scene in season nine. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Could this confrontational scene be what Norman is talking about? Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

"Episode four of this season was one that – Andy and I had a scene that was f**king epic, but it was really well-written, and we worked on it, and we really fine-tuned it and got it to a place where it became sort of effortless," Norman revealed during a Comic-Con press conference.

"It could've gone in so many different directions, but I think both of us are really proud of that,” he added.

Daryl and Rick haven’t always been on the same page, but the two characters have an awful lot of respect for one another.

That said, tensions will rise in season nine after Rick’s decision not to kill Negan (Jeffery Dean Morgan) when they captured him in the season eight finale.

The Walking Dead season 9 spoilers: Daryl Dixon and Rick Grimes clash revealed?

Rick decided to lock him up instead, a decision which will cause friction in the group and potentially lead to a leadership challenge.

Daryl might be one of the people fighting to take control of the group, yet there are other names in the ring.

The Walking Dead’s new showrunner, Angela Kang, revealed that the show’s women would play a more important part in the upcoming season.

“We’re going to see our women really step up,” she told Entertainment Weekly.

“We’re gonna show a lot of stories about leadership with Maggie (Lauren Cohen), with Michonne (Danai Gurira), with Carol (Melissa McBride).”

The Walking Dead season 9 spoilers: Rick Grimes and Daryl Dixon

The Walking Dead season 9 spoilers: Rick Grimes and Daryl Dixon back to back

The Walking Dead season 9 spoilers: Daryl fights Rick

This suggests that Maggie, Michonne and Carol might also be in with a shout of seizing control when Rick is eventually out of the picture.

Season nine is set to be Rick's last series, at least for now.

Rumours are suggesting that he might not die in season nine, which Andrew himself has teased.

Reviews, gossip and upcoming show releases plus selected offers and competition Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

"Lennie James is a perfect example of leaving without dying and doing rather well on it," he said at Comic-Con. "So there is that way."