Tracee Ellis Ross talks about her future and mom Diana Tracee Ellis Ross is on the cover of the February issue of Glamour.

The Black-ish star looks fashion forward chic as she opens up about the future, sexuality, and her famous mother Diana Ross for the magazine's interview.

'I have to take some time to dream some new dreams. I feel like there’s a treasure hunt in front of me,' said the 45-year-old.

Cover girl: Tracee Ellis Ross is on the cover of the February issue of Glamour

In 2017, Tracee won a Golden Globe for her performance as Rainbow Johnson in the hit ABC sitcom Black-ish.

She became the first black woman in thirty years to do so while collecting an Emmy nomination along the way.

And after a 2018 NAACP Image Award nod, Tracee opened up about all the recent accolades to Glamour.

'I have dreamt of moments like these since I was a little girl, accepting my Oscar in the mirror. So it’s a dream come true. Oh my God, I made it. Pinch me,' she said.

Stunner: The Black-ish star looks fashion forward chic as she opens up about the future, sexuality, and her famous mother Diana Ross for the magazine's interview

'But what has been way more impactful for me is the larger meaning…. When another woman or another woman of color has a win, I feel like it’s my win. I feel like it’s a ceiling breaking open.

'And so the nominations, even the win, really feels like it’s not mine. It’s like something becomes more possible,' she added.

For the cover shot, Tracee shines in a multicolored knit dress that is fashion forward sensational.

Channel:In another shot, she channels her mother - lead singer of The Supreme's - but adds her own spin as she rocks a silver dress over denim pants

In another shot, she channels her mother - lead singer of The Supreme's - but adds her own spin as she rocks a silver dress over denim pants.

Her trademark curly tresses are left long and natural as she tilts her head back like she is singing.

Tracee's flawless skin tone is put on center stage as she wraps her figure in a red and yellow beaded gown.

Flawless: Tracee's flawless skin tone is put on center stage as she wraps her figure in a red and yellow beaded gown

In the last photograph, Tracee rocks a pink and brown form fitting turtleneck.

Daring to impress, a translucent raincoat provides layers around her lithe waist as she frames her face with her hands.

Baggy white athletic pants belie her gorgeous gams as they balloon out around her enviable shape.