Donald Trump Jr. Cuddles With Daughter After Divorce News Donald Trump Jr. enjoyed some quality time with his youngest child just a few hours after his wife, Vanessa Trump, filed for divorce.

Related: Celebrity Splits of 2018 Calling it quits. Scroll through to see which celebs broke up with their significant others this year. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly Deal […]

The businessman, 40, shared a sweet photo of himself relaxing with his daughter Chloe, 3, on Thursday, March 15. “No matter what is going on bedtime cuddling with the smurf puts a Yuge smile on my face,” he captioned the Instagram post, adding the hashtags #bedtime #daddysgirl #cuddle.

He and Vanessa are also the parents of Kai, 10, Donald III, 9, Tristan, 6, and Spencer, 5.

Related: Donald Trump’s Family: His Kids, Grandkids, Wives and More See photos of President Donald Trump's kids, grandkids, wives, parents, siblings and more through the years

As previously reported, the former model, also 40, filed for an uncontested divorce in Manhattan Supreme Court on Thursday afternoon.

“After 12 years of marriage, we have decided to go our separate ways,” the estranged couple said in a statement to Us Weekly. “We will always have tremendous respect for each other and our families. We have five beautiful children together and they remain our top priority. We ask for your privacy during this time.”

Related: Hollywood’s Ugliest Divorces Throughout their time in the spotlight, some A-listers — including Brad Pitt, Britney Spears, Madonna and Tom Cruise, among others — have found themselves involved in pretty messy divorces. Johnny Depp and Amber Heard finalized their divorce in 2017, but their relationship drama continued on with a nasty court battle after they’ve both accused each other of verbal and […]

Donald and Vanessa met at a fashion show in New York City in 2003. They married in November 2005 at his father President Donald Trump’s Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Florida.

Us exclusively revealed that the pair had been dealing with marital issues since Donald Sr.’s presidential campaign in 2016. “Vanessa is very close to her family and very private and does not like all this attention on her family,” a source told Us. “They’ve been unhappy for a while.”