Brad Pitt: 'Disgusting' that Angelina Jolie went public with divorce Brad Pitt reportedly thinks it's 'disgusting' that Angelina Jolie has gone public with their divorce.

The estranged couple had been working out the legalities of their split behind closed doors with a private judge.

But some of the details of their court battle have been made public and the Hollywood hunk thinks it's 'terrible' for their children Maddox, 16, Pax, 14, Zahara, 13, Shiloh, 12, and twins Vivienne and Knox, nine.

Not impressed: Brad Pitt reportedly thinks it's 'disgusting' that Angelina Jolie has gone public with their divorce because 'their children will read about it on social media'

The Blast reports that Brad, 53, thinks it's 'disgusting' that some details have been made public because some of their children are old enough to read about it on social media and has been forced to react.

The insider has told the publication that Brad is hoping Angelina will eventually see how their bitter battle is hurting the kids and put a stop to it.

Last week, Angelina denied parting ways with celebrity divorce attorney Laura Wasser and claimed Brad hadn't paid enough child support to her since their split almost two years ago and that she intends to file a request for a court order.

Troubled: Some of the details of their court battle have been made public and the Hollywood hunk thinks it's 'terrible' for their children (pictured in 2015)

Trying to make things better? The insider has told the publication that Brad is hoping Angelina will eventually see how their bitter battle is hurting the kids and put a stop to it (stock photo)

Her lawyer Samantha Bley DeJean claims that: '[Pitt] has a duty to pay child support. As of present, [Pitt] has paid no meaningful child support since separation.

'Given the informal arrangements around the payment of the children's expenses have not been regularly sustained by [Pitt] for over a year and a half, [Jolie] intends to file an RFO [request for a court order] for the establishment of a retroactive child support order.'

The public remark led to the Fight Club star filing his own papers, in which he called Angelina's claim 'a thinly veiled effort to manipulate media coverage.'

Brad's lawyer Lance Spiegel has claimed in the papers that the actor 'loaned' his estranged wife $8million to help her purchase her current house.

Battle: Attorneys for the actress alleged last week that the actor hasn't paid 'meaningful' child support for 18 months, according to court documents

And he has contributed over $1.3m 'in bills for the benefit of [Angelina] and the minor children.'

Brad also 'adamantly disputes the contention that he has not paid child support.'

A Pitt source familiar with the situation hinted to Dailymail.com that the actor would likely fight the allegations, commenting: 'Brad always fulfills his commitments'.

He also reportedly believes her claim to the contrary was 'a thinly-veiled effort to manipulate media coverage' according to the filing.

Later on in the day a spokesperson for Angelina explained to People why the star had requested child support to 'provide closure to the marriage in a way that clears a path toward the next stage of their lives and allows her and Brad to recommit as devoted co-parents to their children.'

Hitting back: Brad 'adamantly disputes the contention that he has not paid child support' - Angelina and the children pictured on August 13

The documents also demand that the divorce be finalized this year, with Jolie seemingly in a hurry to bring the battle to an end.

The divorce proceedings were kick started immediately after their split, but the former couple are not 'even close' to settling things because they can't agree on anything.

A source said recently: 'Brad and Angelina are not even close to settling their divorce.

'They are so hung up on dealing with the custody issues that they haven't even exchanged any financial documents yet, which is routine in divorces and one of the first steps people take in the filing process.

'There will be no settlement or resolution anytime soon. They are kind of at an impasse at this point because the focus has been on custody; nothing else has been hashed out yet.'

MailOnline has contacted a spokesperson for both Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie for comment.

Jolie’s net worth has been estimated at $160 million, according to Celebrity Net Worth and in 2014, she was ranked 74th highest-earning celebrity by Forbes. The same site puts Pitt's net worth at $240million.

It's been nearly two years since their shocking split was announced. Jolie filed for divorce in September 2016 citing irreconcilable differences.

It came amid allegations that Pitt had been 'rough' with one of their children on a private plane. Pitt was investigated but cleared of all wrongdoing.