TIDAL Sending Supplies To Puerto Rico Amid Hurricane Recovery Efforts Getting your Trinity Audio player ready…

TIDAL is contributing to the Hurricane Maria relief effort in a major way.

Announced yesterday, the music streaming platform is partnering with New York Governor Andrew Cuomo’s Empire State Relief and Recovery Effort to fill a 200,000-pound cargo plane with the items Puerto Rico residents desperately need.

Supplies will be collected at 19 drop off locations across New York State, with the goal of sending the first plane to the battered region on October 7. Entertainers and other celebs are also chipping in to help with the effort.

In addition to TIDAL’s efforts in Puerto Rico, Jay Z has pledged that all net proceeds from his annual TIDAL X concert will go to aid victims of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, as well as the recent earthquakes in Mexico. This year’s concert, titled TIDAL X BROOKLYN, is taking place on October 17th at the Barclay’s Center in Brooklyn. Angie Martinez will host the star-studded affair, which will feature a star-studded line up of performers including DJ Khaled, Jennifer Lopez, Chris Brown, Remy Ma, Vic Mensa, Cardi B and Jay Z himself, among many others. Angie Martinez will host the event, with special guest appearances by Rosie Perez and Lin Manuel Miranda, both of whom boast Puerto Rican roots.

See below for NYC-based donation drop-off locations. Sites will be opened from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. daily. All items must be unopened and in their original packaging. Those interested in donating outside of the New York area can visit Tidal.com/PuertoRico to make a monetary donation.



Capital Region Empire State Plaza Main Concourse, Albany



Central New York Senator John J. Hughes State Office Building 333 E. Washington Street, Syracuse



Finger Lakes State Police Zone Station 1155 Scottsville Road, Suite 400 Rochester



Long Island Perry B. Duryea State Office Building 250 Veterans Memorial Highway, Hauppauge



Mid-Hudson Valley Yonkers Armory 2 Quincy Place, Yonkers



Mohawk Valley Utica State Office Building 207 Genesee Street, Utica



New York City Jacob K. Javits Center 655 W. 34th Street, New York



Shirley A. Chisholm State Office Building 55 Hanson Place, Brooklyn



Jamaica Street Armory 93-05 168th Street, Queens



Roberto Clemente State Park 301 West Tremont Ave, Bronx



Department of Motor Vehicles 696 E Fordham Road, Bronx



Southern Tier Binghamton Armory 85 West End Avenue, Binghamton



Western New York Connecticut Street Armory 184 Connecticut Street, Buffalo