Why Ann Curry didn’t celebrate Matt Lauer’s firing There are two big reasons Ann Curry hasn’t outwardly relished Matt Lauer getting the boot from NBC: her non-disclosure agreement and her compassion for his sexual misconduct accusers.

“I do [have an NDA], but I can talk. I’m bold. I don’t want to cause pain, you guys,” Curry, 61, told Stephen Colbert on “The Late Show” on Monday.

While the former “Today” anchor giggled at “somewhere Ann Curry” memes and tweets, her guilt got the best of her enjoying Lauer’s comeuppance.

“The truth is that I was raised Catholic by a Buddhist,” she said. “So think about the Catholic guilt, mixed with the karma, worries, the intensity of that. It was like, all of a sudden my brain — think ‘Game of Thrones’ — the wall, it went up. There was this whole wall of, ‘Uh-uh, you can’t talk like that. You can’t think like that.’ So I didn’t, actually, get to enjoy it.”

Colbert pointed out that Lauer’s ouster may be karma for his allegedly forcing her out of “Today.”

“Well, that’s a good point,” Curry, who was rather unceremoniously sent off on the morning show in 2012, admitted, but added of his accusers, “Also you have to think about the pain. You know, a lot of people have suffered. So I haven’t had a chance to celebrate for a lot of reasons.”

“I think that we’re not really done fixing the problem. We are a long way from fixing the problem,” she said of sexual misconduct in the workplace. “It’s more than a conversation. It’s about action and it’s about not just telling people they can’t do certain things. It’s about changing the dynamic, the power balance within companies so that women are not seen as people who could never rise to the top. Once we figure that out, we might have a chance to figure this out.”

Last week, Curry told “CBS This Morning” that sexual harassment was “pervasive” at NBC News and subtly shaded her former co-anchor.

“I know what it’s like to be publicly humiliated,” she said. “I never did anything wrong to be publicly humiliated, and I don’t want to cause that kind of pain to somebody else.”