Jennifer Garner proves she's a cool mom as she picks up kids in her Wicked Witch Halloween costume She showcased her incredible Wicked Witch Of The Wild West ensemble earlier in the day.

So it was no surprise that Jennifer Garner's three children were also in on the dress up fun.

And the 46-year-old proved she was one cool mom, picking up the kids while still in her costume with an added animal like creature on her shoulder.

She's not a regular mom! Jennifer Garner proved she's a cool mom when she picked up her kids in her Wicked Witch Halloween costume on Wednesday evening

Jennifer teamed her green painted face with a black T-shirt and pair of form-fitting jeans.

Holding her six-year-old son Samuel's hand, she remained very much in character.

The youngest Affleck sibling appeared to be dressed as a dinosaur with a slightly scary head piece.

It looked as though middle child Seraphina, nine, went as a princess - possibly Belle with her yellow ensemble.

Gorgeous: Jennifer teamed her green painted face with a black T-shirt and pair of form-fitting jeans

Princess Seraphina! It looked as though middle child Seraphina, nine, went as a princess - possibly Belle with her yellow ensemble

Roar! The youngest Affleck sibling appeared to be dressed as a dinosaur with a slightly scary head piece

Jen, is that you? Jennifer Garner was unrecognizable on Wednesday when she turned into the Wicked Witch of the Wild West for Halloween

Her brunette locks were out straight and tied into two low ponytails.

And while Violet, 12, also dressed up, her character wasn't entirely clear.

Earlier in the day, Jennifer showcased her impressive witch transformation.

Jennifer had her face painted green with contoured cheekbones, drawn on eyebrows and a bold red lip.

She completed her scary look with a long black haired wig and a witches hat.

Dark layers: Jennifer later ditched her witch costume, paring her look down to a black top and skinny jeans

Family time: Later on Jen took the kids trick-or-treating with ex hubby Ben Affleck

Flame thrower: Little Sam was dressed like the dragon from How To Train Your Dragon

Jenn was with ex Ben Affleck when they took the kids trick-or-treating later that night.

She ditched her witch costume, paring her look down to a black top and skinny jeans.

Ben carried Sam, who was dressed as the dragon from How To Train Your Dragon, in his arms after the little one exhausted himself from candy grabbing.

Older daughter Violet was also dressed like the supernatural creature while daughter Seraphina wore princess-like attire.

Precious cargo: Ben carried Sam in his arms after the little one exhausted himself from candy grabbing

Fantastic: Older daughter Violet was also dressed like the supernatural creature

The transformation: Wicked Witch on the outside. Glinda the Good Witch on the inside! Happy Halloween,' captioned her makeup artist Fiona Stiles

She didn't wake up like that! Another video saw Jennifer's transformation into the scary creature

Another video saw Jennifer's transformation into the scary creature.

And the fun didn't stop there, with the Camping star debuting her look for her 3.6 million followers while making her homemade Tomatillo Salsa.

While scooping out and avocado and mashing it in her molcajete, she recited William Shakespeare's Song of the Witches, from Macbeth.

Glam: Jennifer had her face painted green with contoured cheekbones, drawn on eyebrows and a bold red lip

Frightening: She completed her scary look with a long black haired wig and a witches hat

Double, double toil and trouble; fire burn and caldron bubble,' she began.

'Fillet of a fenny snake, in the cauldron boil and bake. Eye of newt and toe of frog, wool of bat and tongue of dog. Adder's fork and blind-worm's sting, lizard's leg and howlet's wing. For a charm of powerful trouble, like a hell-broth boil and bubble.'

She ended the hilarious clip by enjoying a taste of her guacamole and chip creation.

New Jen! And the fun didn't stop there, with the Camping star debuting her look for her 3.6 million followers while making her homemade Tomatillo Salsa

Getting into character: While scooping out and avocado and mashing it in her molcajete, she recited William Shakespeare's Song of the Witches, from Macbeth

Speaking on the Ellen DeGeneres Show earlier in the month, she revealed that she would be going all out alongside her children Violet, 12, Seraphina, nine, Samuel, six, and ex-husband Ben Affleck.

'Every year there's something different. I think this year we'll go back to one of our favorites,' she said.

She also revealed that the kids had requested the decorations all be environmentally sensitive, she noted that they like to make ghosts to look like the family.

She didn't disappoint! Speaking on the Ellen DeGeneres Show earlier in the month, she revealed that she would be going all out alongside her children Violet, 12, Seraphina, nine, Samuel, six, and ex-husband Ben Affleck

'Ghosts with fabric over them, and then you decorate the ghosts to be members of the family,' the actress explained, which earned a wide-eyed blank stare from Ellen.

'So, my son will have big blue eyes,' she explained. 'And they'll make their dad with a lot of scruff. And they'll make me with long hair and glasses and probably a bun on her head.'

She added that she always ensures she gives out good candy bars.