Andy Cohen Has Kind of Found Himself in the Middle of Bethenny Frankel and Carole Radziwill's Drama "It is a little awkward," the Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen host said of The Real Housewives rift.

It's never easy to see two of your friends fight, and no one knows that better than Andy Cohen. This is the man who befriends Housewives and then hosts every single one of their reunions, after all.

How to Watch Watch The Real Housewives of New Jersey on Peacockand Bravo.

So now that Andy's longtime pals Bethenny Frankel and Carole Radziwill have found themselves in a bit of a beef this season of The Real Housewives of New York City, he admits that it's hard to escape the drama. "It is a little awkward, but the good news is that both of them understand my role and they understand that I am friendly with the other person," he recently told E! News. "And so the last thing that I would want to be is in the middle of this feud, but of course, by nature of what I do, it's kind of where I find myself in a weird way. It's ambiguous as to why they're feuding and that kind of continues to reveal itself as the season goes on."

Related





In another recent interview with Page Six, Andy called Bethenny and Carole's falling out "a bummer," and it reminded him of another famous Real Housewives friendship split. “I remember when Jill [Zarin] and Bethenny fell out and I was upset about that,” he recalled. “It’s not fun to see friendships fall apart, it's very relatable I think for a lot of women to watch two friends drift apart and wonder why and what’s going on so I think it makes interesting television but it’s real, so it's tough.”

Of course, Andy hasn't been the only friend affected by the rift in Bethenny and Carole's friendship. Everyone from fellow New Yorkers Ramona Singer and Tinsley Mortimer to Bethenny's good friend Kyle Richards have weighed in on their drama.

Why, Kyle may even know how to remedy the situation. Find out how she's worked through past drama with Bethenny, below.