Colombian singer Maluma sparks rumours of inappropriate relationship with AUNT Online commentators have said their relationship seems unusually close

Images show Yudy grabbing her nephew's genitals, and embracing him

Maluma, 21, and his aunt Yudy, 35, seen posing

A Colombian singer has become the subject of online discussion in his home country after posing suggestively with his aunt.

Juan Luis Londono Arias, 21, better known under his stage name Maluma, has posted pictures of himself and his aunt Yudy Arias, 35, on social media where they seem unusually close.

The images include one which see the pair in a close embrace, and another where Ms Arias is grabbing her nephew's genitals while sticking out her tongue.

Family relations: Colombian reggaeton singer Maluma, 21, and his aunt Yudy Arias, 35, are seen in a number of suggestive poses on their social media accounts

The images stoked the internet rumour mill in Colombia, filling social media with gossip about Maluma and his aunt.

'They seem to spend time together like boy and girlfriend, not aunt and nephew,' said one online critic quoted in local media.

'I am confused - but perhaps he is too,' added another.

Maluma, who released his latest album, 'Pretty Boy, Dirty Boy, earlier this year, is also the subject of a reality-TV show produced by his aunt.

Close-knit: The pictures of Maluma, real name Juan Luis Londono Arias, and his aunt have sparked online rumours regarding the nature of their relationship

Family first: Ms Arias has defended the photos of her and her nephew, saying 'we both love each other, that's why we take a lot of romantic photos'

More fame: Maluma and his aunt are also starring in a YouTube show about their lives

Ms Arias, who is married to Maluma's manager, is a former model and TV presenter turned professional yoga instructor.

In response to online rumours, Ms Arias wrote on her socal media channels: 'I love him with all my soul.

'We both love each other, that's why we take a lot of romantic photos.'

Speaking of the pair's new YouTube show, she added: 'It's between Maluma and I, how we live our life with our family, his concerts, my home, everything.

Maluma's only comment on the matter has been a simple: 'You wish your aunt was a mamacita [slang for attractive female]'