Feud: Why Ryan Murphy Is Determined to Sexualize Older Actresses Ryan Murphy has long been on a crusade to champion older female actresses. His muses of late are venerable stars like Jessica Lange, Kathy Bates, and Angela Bassett, among others—gifted performers who have seen their options in Hollywood largely dry up over the years. That simply won’t do for Murphy. And his latest series, Feud—the behind-the-scenes story of Bette Davis and Joan Crawford’s legendary rivalry—has given Murphy the perfect vehicle to ramp up his crusade, particularly when it comes to sexualizing older female actresses on-screen.

In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, Murphy discusses that particular urge, explaining why (spoiler alert!) he really wanted to include a sex scene between Davis (played by Susan Sarandon) and What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? director Robert Aldrich (Alfred Molina) in the last episode. Both Davis and Crawford were in their 50s when they filmed this movie, at an age where older female actresses are “no longer sexualized,” Murphy said.

“It was important to me and to Jessica and Susan to show that side of Bette and Joan,” he continued. “They were sexual in that they did have romances, they did sleep with men in their 50s. They weren’t just actresses and mothers, they had a completely other thing going on, as everybody does.”

He and his lead actresses “spent a lot of time” discussing Bette and Joan’s sexual lives (which were famously voracious), and were determined to document them. In fact, after Davis wrapped Baby Jane, she had an affair with an actor in his 20s while filming Hush . . . Hush, Sweet Charlotte, Murphy told the Reporter. “Nobody ever thought of that of Bette Davis, but that’s who she was and how she acted. I love that she lived her life unapologetically as a man would and I wanted to show that.”

Before Murphy became FX’s in-house TV auteur, he was an entertainment journalist who actually got to spend time with Davis, which informed the way he shaped her character in Feud: “I got to ask her these questions [about her rivalry with Crawford]—I did reporting many years ago, and it was never published.”

Murphy’s determination to champion older actresses also comes from his personal experience and friendships with older stars. “I’ve grown up with many women in my career now, all of whom come into my office and sometimes break down in tears, saying suddenly the phone has stopped ringing. ‘Suddenly people aren’t interested in me anymore just because I got older.’ And I’m very moved by that,” he said. “Persevering and fighting to stay in the game instead of giving up and still fighting to demonstrate your self worth is tremendously moving. For me, the saddest thing in the world is always lost potential.”