Andy Cohen calls cringe worthy interview with Debra Winger 'rough' and says he 'earned a drink' Andy Cohen's late night talk show Watch What Happens Live is always a good time, until the rare occasion when it's not.

The off-the-cuff show is known for party games and the celebrity guests are usually on board.

However when actress Debra Winger sat down with the 50-year-old Bravo host to play Plead the Fifth, things got awkward very quickly.

Uncomfortable: Andy Cohen's segment with Debra Winger went off the rails during a game called Plead the Fifth on Tuesday night's episode of Watch What Happens Live

The segment is a fan favorite and features Cohen posing a handful of juicy and personal questions to the guests and they have to answer all but one where they can choose to plead the fifth.

Things immediately got off to a bad start as soon as the host mentioned the segment and Winger, 63, scoffed.

Actress Amanda Pete was also on the show and looked uncomfortable throughout.

In the first question, Andy asked the Terms of Endearment star who was the 'the biggest pig or misogynist' that she's met over her career.

Bad start: Things immediately started going poorly as soon as the host mentioned the segment and Winger, 63, scoffed

Game time: Plead the Fifth is a fan favorite on the show and usually elicits fun answers from willing guests

Three's a crowd: Actress Amanda Pete, who was also a guest on Tuesday looked uncomfortable during the exchange

Winger bristled at the question but insinuated it was disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein.

The vibe from the actress was not a positive one toward Cohen and he made matters worse when he got fact wrong in the next question.

'Back in the '80s, there were so many rumors about your relationship with Shirley MacLaine on Terms of Endearment,' Andy began.

He then made an honest mistake by saying 'you wrote about this in your book.'

Not playing games: Winger went on defense when Cohen got a fact wrong about her book, confusing her with Shirley MacClain

'Let's try to get something straight:' The actress didn't give Cohen, 50, an inch after he made the fact flub

Awkward: The Terms of Endearment star laughed through clenched teeth during the failed game

But, before he could finish his thought, the 80s icon shut him down.

'No,' she corrected. 'I didn't write about her. She wrote about me!'

With a clenched smile she added, 'let's try to get something straight. I mean, c'mon. It's hard out here for a chimp.'

Andy couldn't seem to smooth things over as he copped to the confusion and then tried to compliment the star's book.

'I wrote a book, but I didn't write about Shirley:' Winger made sure the Bravo host was aware of his mistake

Steadfast: Andy pressed on with the questions about her former costar and tried to get Winger to play along

Truth telling: The actress admitted that there was 'some' truth in the longstanding rumors about her bad relationship with MacClaine

'Thank you,' Debra retorted sarcastically. 'I wrote a book, but I didn't write about Shirley.'

Cohen soldiered on with the original question about whether the rumors regarding her behavior towards MacLaine, like passing gas in her direction, were true.

Irritated, Winger asked, 'you want to go in there and say, "is there something true in there?"'

She eventually admitted that the rumors had some truth to them.

The awkwardness of the interview hit a fever pitch when Andy asked her to rank the kissing skills of her former costars, John Travolta, Richard Gere, Anthony Hopkins and Robert Redford.

Not pleased: No telling where Winger will rank her interview with Cohen after she was irritated that he asked her to rank the kissing skills of her former film love interests

Kiss and tell: Cohen asked the actress to rank John Travolta, Richard Gere, Anthony Hopkins and Robert Redford on their kissing ability

Excuse me? Amanda looked confused when Winger explained some of the men 'required a little more sucking in of the cheeks so as to simulate a tongue'

The actress got immediately defensive and said, 'Oh god, what were you doing 40 years ago? Just curious.'

Flabbergasted, the host fumbled with his words.

Winger went on: 'So you remember somebody you kissed 30 years ago?'

'If it was in an iconic film, I probably would,' the WWHL host responded.

'You don't think that you sort of are busy investigating a character, which puts you in another self state? Right now it's pretty hard to be authentically a person,' the actress said.

The Bravo star reminded Winger that this was a game and she had yet to actually plead the fifth.

The rules: Andy reminded the actress that she could plead the fifth and not answer but she didn't take the proffered out

That was rough: Cohen took to Instagram after the show and said he earned a drink

Not taking the out, the Shadows star awkwardly answered.

'No, I mean, I dug kissing all of them,' she responded. 'Some of them required a little more sucking in of the cheeks so as to simulate a tongue.'

After, Andy took to his Instagram story and posted a downtrodden selfie video.

'Tonight's show was rough,' he admitted while holding a beverage. '

'The team and I are having a cocktail to hash it out. I earned a drink tonight.'