Best Pool Floats for Summer School’s out for summer and now is the time to stock up on trendy summer toys, and that means bringing home the best pool floats of 2022! Whether you’re looking to fire up the fun or need the perfect excuse to relax, we’ve rounded up hot pool floats of 2022 for kids and adults alike to enjoy during the hottest season of the year.

From ride-on airplanes to canopy island inflatables, we’ve got you covered. Here are our favorite trendy pool floats you can get for summer 2022:

Editor's Pick: Jasonwell Avocado Pool Float and Beach Ball $14 This jumbo avocado pool float is perfect for kiddos, teens, and adults! The center pit is a beach ball, which means you can float in the avocado or use the avocado for basketball-style water games. The thick material ensures you can have fun all summer long, season after season. With over 7,000 rave reviews on Amazon, what's not to love about this trendy summer toy? It's a must-have! BUY NOW Canopy Island Inflatable $119 BUY NOW Hand me a drink please, I'll just be over here enjoying myself on this fabulous Canopy Island Inflatable! This pool float comes with a detachable shade, two cup holders and the fanciest looking backrest so far. Keep cool and collected this summer when you're floating around on one of these! Jet Creation's Bacon Pool Raft $30 BUY NOW Sizzle this summer when you're laying out on a seven-and-a-half-foot bacon pool float! Made of heavy-duty vinyl, this inflatable will not only have you dreaming of bacon but will be the main source of entertainment at the pool this summer. Poolcandy Jumbo Llama Pool Float $29 BUY NOW Add a friend to your pool play this summer! This whimsical oversized llama pool float holds up to 250 pounds and is perfect for kids and adults. Advertisement Swimline Rosé Pool Float $45 BUY NOW This pool float brings new meaning to the term, "rosé all day!" The clear, pink, black and gold accented inflatable is all about relaxation and comes with a cup holder––of course. Baby Shark Pool Float $23 BUY NOW Baby shark, do, do, do... sorry. This adorable baby shark pool float comes with a removable canopy, is made from non-toxic materials and is perfect for your little swimmer. GoFloats Flamingo Party Tube Inflatable Float $39.99 BUY NOW Take a ride through the tropics this summer when you buy this GoFloats Flamingo Party Tube, which comes in at a whopping 3 feet tall and 45 inches wide. Fun for everyone, this oversized float is made from thick plastic that will hold up under wear and tear, and comes with a new rapid valve for rapid inflation. Poolcandy Inflatable T-Rex Dinosaur $29 BUY NOW Roar into summer with Pool Candy's newest T-Rex Dinosaur. The 48-inch swim ring is great for adults or kids and can hold up to 250 pounds, making it ideal for several kiddos at once. Funboy Rainbow Cloud Pool Float $111 BUY NOW Enjoy a little shade when you hang out under the rainbow on this rockin' cloud float. Designed with 50 feet of lounge space, you can surely get all the neighborhood kids enjoying this Rainbow Cloud Pool Float in no time. Made with sturdy matte plastic and with rapid valves, you can blow it up using a hand or electric pump, or a hairdryer! Giant Inflatable Mermaid Tail Pool Float $21.99 BUY NOW Think about all the Instagram photos you can upload with a magical mermaid float to call your own. Advertisement Water Plane Ride Float with Water Gun $17 BUY NOW Who’s the most popular kid in the neighborhood this summer? The one with one (or two) of these awesome water-squirting plane floats in their swimming pool. Intex King Kool Inflatable Lounge $15.98 BUY NOW Mama needs to relax and this inflatable pool lounge is the perfect way to sit back while the kids play. With over 1300 reviews, the Intex King Kool is an Amazon bestseller. Need we say more? The fun colors, armrests and drink holders are just a bonus. Intex Inflatable Angel Wings $44 BUY NOW A vibrant design and handles make this inflatable angel wings float both fun and functional. Whether the kids are enjoying a float on the pool, or mama just needs a place to relax, this float gets the job done. Giant Swan Pool Float $23 BUY NOW If there was ever a place to ride a giant swan, it's in the pool! Able to hold up to 350 pounds and reaching 3 feet in height, you can pile tons of kiddos on this floatie for a great time. A cute design with a rapid inflation valve means you'll be enjoying the pool in no time, and looking adorable while doing it.

–Dana Baardsen, Karly Wood

Advertisement

All photos courtesy of Amazon

RELATED STORIES

These 9 Treehouse Toys Take Imaginative Play to New Heights

RuPaul’s New Fisher-Price Little People Toy Set Is Fabulous & for All Ages

Trendy Toddler Sunglasses to Show Off When the Sun Shines

If you buy something from the links in this article, we may earn affiliate commission or compensation.