Kim Kardashian shares cute video of daughter Chicago Kim Kardashian West shared three cute Insta-stories of her youngest child - daughter Chicago - resting comfortably in her crib on Monday.

The 37-year-old mother-of-three - who boasts 203.3M followers - cooed at her five-month-old princess: 'Hey Chi, look at me! Hi cutie! Chi!'

The Ocean's 8 actress certainly had fun with Snapchat filters - including a golden butterfly halo, purple lipstick, and dog filters.

Squeee! Kim Kardashian West shared three cute Insta-stories of her youngest child - daughter Chicago - resting comfortably in her crib on Monday

Kim's latest social media post came after she, momager Kris Jenner, and her five-year-old daughter North teamed up to model in Fendi's #MeandMyPeekaboo campaign shot by Marcus Hyde, which the French label will drop this Wednesday.

Kardashian and her third husband Kanye West - who've been married three years - are also proud parents of two-year-old son Saint.

On Sunday night, the Assembly Bill 2550 activist got an official endorsement from her old pal - two-time Grammy nominee The Game - to be the Democratic candidate for the 2020 presidential election.

'I say to Kim K, run for president. Kim K for president, you know what I'm saying?' the 38-year-old rapper (born Jayceon Taylor) told TMZ.

The 37-year-old mother-of-three - who boasts 203.3M followers - cooed at her five-month-old princess: 'Hey Chi, look at me! Hi cutie! Chi!'

Cherubic child: The Ocean's 8 actress certainly had fun with Snapchat filters - including a golden butterfly halo, purple lipstick, and dog filters

'So major to be in a campaign with my mom and daughter!' Kim's latest social media post came after she, momager Kris Jenner, and her five-year-old daughter North teamed up to model in Fendi's #MeandMyPeekaboo campaign shot by Marcus Hyde, which drops this Wednesday

Full house: Kardashian and her third husband Kanye West - who've been married three years - are also proud parents of two-year-old son Saint (R)

'Hillary [Clinton] ain't make it. She ain't know how to get the 18-year-old that wears [Kim's] sister's lip gloss. Kim figured it out. You know how many fresh 18-year-old Caucasian women there are in America?

'You know how many of them have Kylie [Jenner]'s lip gloss? You know how many of them will go vote if Kylie tweets, "Vote for my [half] sister"? You ain't talking about s***. Kim K for president!'

Kardashian has become increasingly more politically active on behalf of incarcerated women, but it was her troubled 41-year-old husband who tweeted April 24 that he's now planning on running in 2024.

The Yeezy designer-turned-Donald Trump supporter raised many eyebrows with his unhinged, tone-deaf remarks about slavery on TMZ Live two months ago.

'Kim K for president!' On Sunday night, the Assembly Bill 2550 activist got an official endorsement from her old pal - two-time Grammy nominee The Game (L) - to be the Democratic candidate for the 2020 presidential election (pictured in 2006)

The 38-year-old rapper told TMZ: 'Hillary [Clinton] ain't make it. She ain't know how to get the 18-year-old that wears [Kim's] sister's lip gloss. Kim figured it out. You know how many fresh 18-year-old Caucasian women there are in America? You know how many of them have Kylie [Jenner]'s lip gloss? You know how many of them will go vote if Kylie tweets, "Vote for my [half] sister"' (pictured May 8)

Donald Trump supporter: Kardashian has become increasingly more politically active on behalf of incarcerated women, but it was her troubled 41-year-old husband who tweeted April 24 that he's now planning on running in 2024 (pictured April 25)

This, after Kanye did a nine-day stint for 'temporary psychosis' at UCLA Medical Center back in 2016.

Kim will next release three new fragrances (smelling of cherry, watermelon, and peach) on July 17 through her KKW Beauty brand.

The 15th season of Keeping Up with the Kardashians premieres August 5 as part of her family's massive $100M deal with the E! Network through 2020 - according to Variety.

Summer 'vibes': Kim will next release three new fragrances (smelling of cherry, watermelon, and peach) on July 17 through her KKW Beauty brand