Beauty bloggers are now using the contouring make-up trick for perfect legs But experts say it's taking beauty regimes a step too far

Used correctly, contouring can slim your face and highlight your best features - but beauty bloggers are now promoting the use of the technique to make their legs look more slender.

In their quest for perfect pins, videos have been appearing on social media showing women laboriously applying strategic layers of bronzer and highlighter to their legs.

Instagram user nikkifrenchmakeup has been among those to share her make-up tricks, applying a dark liquid bronzer with a sponge to her thighs and sides of her lower leg.

Scroll down for video

New York make-up artist and Instagram nikkifrenchmakeup has revealed her leg contouring technique

Using a sponge, she layers on bronzer herself, paints some strategic lines and then applies highlighter

The New York make-up artist, who has more than 300,000 followers, then uses a brush to paint carefully positioned lines, and then fills them in with highlighter.

After spraying a facial mist onto her legs, she then blends for perfectly glowing pins.

Meanwhile Instagram user Makeup Meri, from Macedonia, needed two pairs of hands for her more complex technique.

After spraying on facial mist, she then blends with a large make-up powder brush to finish the look

The make-up guru, who has 300,000 followers, is left with bronzed and glowing pins at the end

Starting out with what looks more like a tribal make-up design, the model in the video has a series of lines and swirls in varying shades of brown and cream painted over her legs, with highlighter on her knees, shins and the sides of her thighs.

The make-up artist, who has 90,000 followers on Instagram, then applies further layers of cosmetics to the backs of her legs, and fills some parts in with a highlighter in a pink shade.

Once fully blended with a make-up brush, the model sports flawless legs.

But is this a step to far for women's beauty regimes? While many online were impressed by the look, some expressed concern about the time it would add to getting ready.

Macedonian beauty blogger MakeUpMeri has shared a detailed tutorial on how to contour your legs

So complex, it needs two pairs of hands, lines of bronzer in varying shades of colour are drawn all over the leg

And Lori Leib, creative director at Bodyography Professional Cosmetics, told website New Beauty: 'I am all for spray-tanning and lunges to keep our legs looking lean and mean for summer, but this is taking it a little bit too far.

'All in all, I would suggest a body bronzer or tinted moisturizer to give your legs a flawless look - this is just too much work!'

Celebrity make-up artist Pati Dubroff also told the website it would cause make-up to be rubbed off on clothing and furniture and said the craze was 'out of control'.

All of the make-up is then painstakingly blended together with a brush, so all traces of the lines fade

Once fully blended with a make-up brush, the model sports bronzed and glowing legs



