'Thoroughbreds' and the Enduring Allure of the Bad Friend “The only thing worse than being incompetent, or being unkind, or being evil, is being indecisive,” Amanda says, mockingly, to her childhood friend Lily in Thoroughbreds.

Out this Friday, the movie follows Amanda (Olivia Cooke) and Lily (Anya Taylor-Joy) as they plot to kill Lily’s loathsome stepdad. The two were friends a young children but drifted apart as Lily sank into the prim, preppy, affluent Connecticut lifestyle that her rich stepdad afforded her. Amanda, meanwhile, fumbled down a much different path—after discovering she doesn’t feel emotions, she gruesomely kills her horse and is charged with animal cruelty. The girls reunite in high school when Amanda’s mom pays Lily to tutor her daughter. Soon they discover a newfound teenage rapport.

As their friendship grows, Amanda chips away at Lily and seduces her into the idea of killing her stepdad—and I couldn’t help but feel as though I’ve been there before. Not the murder plot, of course, but I think every woman can relate to this very specific type of adolescent friendship: a potentially dangerous relationship, one that is governed by the titillating power of sisterhood. I certainly remember being lured into one, and just as in Thoroughbreds, it rocked my world. Just like Lily and Amanda, by the time I got out I was a completely different person.

I think every woman can relate to this very specific type of adolescent friendship: a potentially dangerous relationship.

When I was 13, a girl named Abby* moved into my conservative hometown, and she was like nothing I’d ever seen before. She wore studded Hot Topic belts, shredded black jeans, midnight eyeliner, and stitched Misfists patches on her acid-wash denim jacket. She was a rock star, and she was magnetic. Thanks to our shared taste in music and sarcasm, we became instant friends. I was allured by her glib opinions on pop culture, her pierced septum, and her nihilistic outlook on relationships.

In Thoroughbreds, Amanda coaxes Lily into doing things she normally wouldn’t do. Bad things. But Amanda isn’t totally to blame; everything Lily does, she wanted to do—she just needed a little massaging, or a sliver of permission to follow through. Similarly, Abby opened my eyes to a world of new adventures, and with her permission, I dove headfirst with a cinderblock bound to my ankle into each one.

Abby smoked cigarettes and, sometimes, weed. At first I was too scared to join. But then, one time in her room, while doodling edgy Sharpie drawings in our composition notebooks, she pulled an infinitesimal nugget out of a ball of aluminum foil. Our dumbasses nibbled at the weed, wondering if we’d get high just from eating it. I remember it tasted bad.