Chad Johnson asks out Karina Smirnoff on Famously Single Sunday evening's episode of Famously Single saw the raffish Chad Johnson of The Bachelorette finally ask out Dancing With The Stars pro Karina Smirnoff.

A recap clip posted by E! News shows, though, that the typically self-assured Chad, 29, did stumble a bit on his way to finally requesting the date from Karina.

As he and Karina, 39, lounged on a sofa, she said: 'You just assumed I was just gonna go on a date with you? Shouldn't you, like, at least ask, 'cause what if I say no?'

Scroll down for video

The moment: Sunday evening's episode of Famously Single saw the raffish Chad Johnson of The Bachelorette infamy finally ask out Dancing With The Stars pro Karina Smirnoff

Chad replied: 'I thought that this was talked out or you said that you wanted to do that,' but 35-year-old Tiffany 'New York' Pollard, standing over them, interjected.

'No, she never said that,' Tiffany said, to which a flustered Chad responded: 'Oh, s***, really?' and Tiffany ultimately had to needle him: 'It's time for you to ask her out.'

Once Chad finally got out the words: 'Come on a date with me,' Tiffany let out an: 'Awww,' and Kharkiv-born Karina answered with a smile: 'Okay.'

Bit of a snafu: A recap clip posted by E! News shows, though, that the typically self-assured Chad, 29, did stumble a bit on his way to finally requesting the date from Karina

How it's done: As he and Karina, 39, lounged on a sofa, she said: 'You just assumed I was just gonna go on a date with you? Shouldn't you, like, at least ask, 'cause what if I say no?'

Another bit of that episode - the third of the second season - had shown Karina fuming with jealousy over Chad, as the recap clip E! News posted makes clear.

Chad is seen mingling with other women as Karina sits at the bar seething: 'I mean, like, seriously? Seriously? Jesus.'

In her confessional, she's explained: 'I didn't like it. I didn't like watching him talk to another girl while he's telling me that he wanted to spend time with me.'

Feelings: Another bit of that episode - the third of the second season - had shown Karina fuming with jealousy over Chad, as the recap clip E! News posted makes clear

Karina started on Dancing With The Stars during its third season and has appeared on every season since - winning the 13th with J.R. Martinez - with the exceptions of the 10th, the 20th and the most recent 23rd.

After rising to fame as the 'villain' on season 12 of The Bachelorette, which aired last year, Chad had a short-lived stint on Bachelor In Paradise last summer.

His antics while on that latter show included calling his disabled co-star Sarah Herron a 'one-armed b****,' passing out drunk, possibly defecating in his trousers and shouting: 'F*** you,' when the host, Chris Harrison, sent him home.

Famously Single available to stream Mondays on hayu and airs on E! UK from 14th July at 10pm