That Insane American Gods Sex Scene Is Even Crazier in the Book Partway through the first episode of American Gods, creators Bryan Fuller and Michael Green let audiences know exactly __what to expect, sexual content-wise, from Starz’s latest foray into the world of fantasy prestige TV. Putting the much-ballyhooed sexual gymnastics of Westeros to shame, American Gods presents a feast for the eyes in the shape of Yetide Badaki’s goddess character, Bilquis, devouring her helpless, worshipful sexual partner in the midst of their first assignation. And, no, she doesn’t use her mouth to do it. That scene is even crazier in the book by Neil Gaiman, but Fuller and Green pulled out all manner of technical trickery to make it play so well on TV.

The scene comes early enough in the season to signal viewers what they might expect in the future of American Gods. (This certainly isn’t the last artfully shot, jaw-dropping sexual encounter of Season 1.) But the Bilquis scene comes even earlier in the book—before the end of the first chapter, in fact. Instead of being a poor, duped victim of Internet dating gone awry, as he is on the show, Bilquis’s victim in the book is a crude “John”—and she, in the parlance of the novel, is a “hooker.” You have much less sympathy for the book victim when she gulps him down.

Almost everything else goes similarly in both novel and show. Bilquis asks to be worshipped; her partner obliges, and chants phrases that no John (or poor Internet Dater) could possibly know. And then:

He feels a lurch, and it seems to him that he is hanging, head down, although the pleasure continues. He opens his eyes. . .This is what he sees: He is inside her to the chest, and as he stares at this in disbelief and wonder she rests both hands upon his shoulders and puts gentle pressure on his body. . .

He feels the lips of her vulva tight around his upper chest and back, constricting and enveloping him. He wonders what this would look like to somebody watching them. . .“I worship you with my body,” he whispers, as she pushes him inside her. Her labia pulls slickly across his face and he slips into darkness.

Perhaps it’s my misinterpretation, but when Gaiman writes “it seems to him that he is hanging,” I always envisioned Bilquis’s client literally dangling between her legs. That’s a visual the show would have had a very hard time making look realistic rather than cartoonish. Instead, Bilquis devours her man on a red-sheeted bed that the American Gods production team outfitted with both a trap door and a hidden compartment. The scene combined visual special effects with some carefully-timed choreography to create the episode’s most stunning tableau, even in a premiere crammed with visual delights.