Orlando Bloom grabs coffee and a donut in Brentwood after Katy Perry paid $50K for date with him Orlando Bloom kept a low profile as he stepped out early Sunday in Brentwood, California to grab a few snacks.

The 41-year-old actor fought off a chilly morning in Southern California in a blue long-sleeved crew-neck sweatshirt with a blue cap and an Aegean blue ball-cap with blue jeans.

The Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales star rounded out his casual ensemble with brown leather boots and a watch as he made his way around the luxe Los Angeles suburb to grab coffee and a salted caramel donut on the December day.

Grab and go: Orlando Bloom, 41, kept a low profile as he stepped out early Sunday in Brentwood to grab a few snacks

The Tour de Pharmacy actor was in the headlines this week after his girlfriend, pop star Katy Perry, entered a $50,000 bid to win a date with him during One Love Malibu, a charity auction to benefit the victims of the recent Woolsey Fire in Southern California.

Perry also was the auctioneer at the benefit, which was held at the King Gillette Ranch in nearby Calabasas.

The Roar songstress, who was previously in high-profile show business romances with singer John Mayer and ex-husband Russell Brand, talked up the Romeo and Juliet star at the charity event, as she auctioned off a lunch date including a motorcycle ride with the hunky leading man.

'When you're on the motorcycle with him,' Perry said, 'you’re holding him in a way that I am not excited about.'

Chatting: The A-list actor was engrossed in discussion on his phone during his outing

Seeking snacks: The Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales headed to the Brentwood Country Mart for a donut and coffee

Generous: Bloom in the headlines this week after his girlfriend, pop star Katy Perry, entered a $50,000 bid to win a date with him for a charity event

She continued, 'You’re holding his pecs and his six-pack - and it’s so glorious! You get to hold on to Orlando for about 45 minutes… and then, you get to stare into his brown eyes!'

After a woman in the crowd submit a $20,000 bid for the dream date, Perry outbid her by more than twice that amount, saying, 'Laura, I’m sorry. I’m buying it for $50,000!'

The efforts amounted to around $1 million in proceeds via ticket sales, donations and proceeds from the auction.