Millie Bobby Brown explains why she and Drake 'talk all the time' Brown, who's half the age of Drake, met the rapper for the first time last year.

Millie Bobby Brown explains why she and Drake 'talk all the time'

Actress Millie Bobby Brown participates in a panel for "Godzilla: King of the Monsters" during Comic Con in San Diego, July 21, 2018.

Actress Millie Bobby Brown participates in a panel for "Godzilla: King of the Monsters" during Comic Con in San Diego, July 21, 2018.

Actress Millie Bobby Brown participates in a panel for "Godzilla: King of the Monsters" during Comic Con in San Diego, July 21, 2018.

Actress Millie Bobby Brown participates in a panel for "Godzilla: King of the Monsters" during Comic Con in San Diego, July 21, 2018.

Millie Bobby Brown and Drake may seem like unlikely friends, but the young star of "Stranger Things" says she turns to the rapper all the time for advice.

In a new interview for W magazine, Brown, 14, explained that she first met the 31-year-old rapper last November when they were both in Australia. He was on tour and she was promoting her hit Netflix series. "He invited me to his concert," she said, matter-of-factly.

After the meet, she posted a photo of the two of them, captioning it, "This guy," and her fans went crazy.

"And now we talk all the time," the British-born actress told W. "I ask his advice."

Millie Bobby Brown and Drake attend an event at the Waldorf Astoria Beverly Hills on Jan. 7, 2018 in Beverly Hills, Calif. Kevin Mazur/Getty Images

Like Brown, Drake got his star as a child actor. At 15, he was cast in the Canadian teen drama series "Degrassi: The Next Generation."

Brown was 11, when she was cast as Eleven in "Stranger Things."

"We did the show, and I went back home to England," she told W. "I thought, Okay, it’s a little show. What’s next? And then we came to America for the premiere. Three days later, my whole life changed. People went crazy! My followers went up to 1 million in one day."

Millie Bobby Brown stars in the Netflix series, "Stranger Things," 2016. Netflix

Last week, she earned her second Emmy nomination. But despite her rapid fame, Brown said she hasn't changed much.

"I’m not thinking, Oh, I know everything now," she told the magazine. "I still get nervous. I still get anxious."