Kristen Bell wards off the wintry chill in LA with peach coat after The Good Place renewal news Her sitcom The Good Place was just renewed for a fourth season.

And Kristen Bell was in a festively colorful wrap when she was spotted stepping out for a green beverage in Los Angeles Wednesday.

The 38-year-old sitcom star kept cozy in a thick peach coat, sweeping her blonde hair into a bun and slipped into a flowing white tee.

Stepping out: Kristen Bell was in a festively colorful wrap when she was spotted stepping out for a green beverage in Los Angeles Wednesday

Showing off her enviably trim pins in a pair of black leggings, Mrs. Dax Shepard rounded off the look with black leather boots that matched her nail polish.

Kristen has been starring since 2016 on The Good Place, which also features William Jackson Harper, Ted Dansen, Jameela Jamil and Ted Danson.

The series stars Kristen as a bad person who dies and mistakenly winds up in 'The Good Place,' an afterlife analogous to Heaven.

Hoofing it: The 38-year-old sitcom star kept cozy in a thick peach coat, sweeping her blonde hair into a bun and slipped into a flowing white tee

She must now reform her behavior and keep up the pretense of being a decent person, or else blow her cover and face perdition.

Created by Michael Schur, who is also the showrunner, The Good Place has been picked up for another season at NBC, Variety reported Tuesday.

Michael is a veteran of NBC sitcoms - he was on the writing staff of The Office and co-created both Parks And Recreation and Brooklyn Nine-Nine.

Back in action: Her sitcom The Good Place was just renewed for a fourth season; she is pictured with her co-stars Jameela Jamil, Manny Jacinto and William Jackson Harper

In her own life, Kristen has been married to Dax since 2013, and the couple share two daughters - Lincoln, five, and Delta, three.

Kristen swung by the Today show in September and revealed one of her quirky parenting tricks - 'I've also lied to them about when their birthday is.'

She explained: 'Well, like, if it's a Wednesday, and we can't celebrate and we're both working late, then guess what? Your birthday is Saturday.'