Lea Michele details how she maintains her trim and toned figure with a vegan diet While some women long for the bodies they had in their teens and early 20s, Lea Michele says that at 30, she's never loved her body more.

The Glee star, who just hit the big 3-0 on August 30, posed for the cover of People's new Special Wellness Issue and explained just how she keeps her figure looking so amazing.

'I've never loved my body more than I do right now,' she said. 'And I'm so grateful that I feel that way.'

Talkin' body: Lea Michele posed for the cover of People magazine's Special Wellness Issue

Totally naked: Earlier this year, the star showed off some major body confidence and stripped down for Women's Health UK

Feeling good: She said she's never loved her body more than she does now

The actress, who just turned 30, is thrilled that she's found security in her figure

To the public eye, it might seem that Lea's always been in good shape, rocking sample sizes on the red carpet.

But the New York native admitted that when she first moved to Los Angeles for Glee in 2009, she hadn't yet figured out 'how to make things work' when she could no longer walk the streets of Manhattan to get in her daily fitness.

She said her weight 'fluctuated' a lot during that time, since she was suddenly driving everywhere and spending tons of time in her trailer.

Since then, she's managed to find what works for her — and that's a super-healthy diet and workouts that she actually enjoys.

'You have to look good, but you also have to feel good. So I find workouts that take of both those things,' she said.

Movement: She admitted that when she first moved to Los Angeles, her weight fluctuated (pictured in 2010)

Super healthy: Now, she sticks to a vegan diet and starts every day with a green juice

Busy: She also loves SoulCycle and posts shots from her classes on Instagram regularly

Well-rounded: She said it's important to find workouts that don't just help you look good, but feel good

To exercise, the star favors hot yoga, hiking, and SoulCycle — after which she often posts photos of herself on Instagram.

She's even called her instructor, Angela Manuel-Davis, a 'genius', and wrote after one of her classes last month: '2 more weeks in my 20s and I've gotta say I'm so proud, happy and excited about everything!'

As for food, Lea Michele keeps strictly vegan, counting pasta and pizza — likely with vegan cheese — as her 'cheat' foods.

She starts every day with a green smoothie, and even seeks out plant-based restaurants so she can still dine out. Plant Food + Wine and Real Food Daily in LA., in particular, are her favorites.

Staying healthy: She's also a fan of hot yoga, but doesn't consider herself a gym rat

More than just a slim figure: Lea Michele, who likes hiking too, said being healthy is not about being 90lbs.

Splurge: She also talked about her vegan diet, admitting that pizza and pasta are her cheats

Spiritual: The actress briefly spoke about coping with the loss of Cory Monteith, saying 'life is going to throw things at you' and people 'just have trust that there is a plan'

But she's not about depriving herself or obsessing over how many workouts she can get in. In fact, she insists it's really all about feeling her best.

'It's so important for me to stress that being healthy is not about being a gym rat. It's not about being 90 lbs,' she said. 'This is really how I live every single day.'

The star also briefly touched on getting over the loss of her long-term boyfriend Cory Monteith in 2013.

'You always have to have faith, because life is going to throw things at you,' she said. You just have trust that there is a plan. I really pride myself on the people that I surround myself with and how I take care of myself, so my ground is stable beneath me.'