Ronnie Ortiz-Magro, Jen Harley Drama: Everything We Know It never ends. Jersey Shore star Ronnie Ortiz-Magro and Jen Harley called it quits in 2019, but the pair are still very much in each other’s orbit as they coparent their daughter, Ariana.

The duo began dating in July 2017 — and their relationship was tumultuous from the very beginning. Shortly after they got together, Ortiz-Magro left their home in Las Vegas to shoot Jersey Shore: Family Vacation. As the show later revealed, the reality star’s behavior during filming made his roommates question whether he was staying faithful to Harley.

After one of the cheating-themed episodes aired in April 2018, the couple started exchanging insults via social media and seemingly got into a physical altercation on Instagram Live. They broke up and tried to focus on coparenting Ariana amicably.

The truce didn’t last, though, and by May 2018 they were publicly feuding again after Ortiz-Magro appeared to cheat in another Family Vacation episode. They got back together briefly, then split again before the month was out. “It’s going to keep changing every day,” a source told Us Weekly at the time.

In June 2018, the on-off couple were involved in a public altercation while filming Family Vacation. Police determined that “a battery did not take place,” but two weeks later, Harley was arrested for yet another altercation with Ortiz-Magro. The Clark County District Attorney eventually decided not to press charges against Harley, saying there was “insufficient evidence.”

The pair seemingly got back on track for the rest of the summer, but in October 2018, the MTV personality shared a photo of himself with a black eye and implied that his then-girlfriend was to blame. They exchanged more digs via social media but reunited in time to do a couple’s costume for Halloween.

Their pattern of on-again, off-again dating continued through most of 2019 until things hit a breaking point that October, when Ortiz-Magro was arrested and charged with seven misdemeanors, including domestic violence. He pleaded not guilty to all charges the following month.

The exes kept things civil throughout 2020 and each moved on with new partners, but in April 2021, the New York native was arrested for a second time while in Los Angeles. Harley was not involved, though a source told Us that Ortiz-Magro had Ariana in his care at the time of his arrest.

How big are reality star salaries? Jason Tartick breaks it down with Us Weekly editors.



After news of his arrest broke, Harley drove from Las Vegas to L.A. to retrieve Ariana and claimed that it was the “last time” she planned to make that drive. The former couple did not address the situation any further.

Keep scrolling for a complete history of Ortiz-Magro and Harley’s dramatic relationship.

If you or someone you know are experiencing domestic violence, please call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-7233 for confidential support.