Chris Blue Wins Season 12 of 'The Voice' Chris Blue has won Season 12 of "The Voice." Host Carson Daly announced his victory at the end of the season's two-night finale on Tuesday. Blue was a member of Coach Alicia Keys' team, and he performed "Everybody Hurts" with former "Voice" coach Usher for the finale.

Team Blake Shelton's Lauren Duski was the runner-up.

In third place was Team Blake's Aliyah Moulden, while Team Adam Levine's Jesse Larson came in fourth.

Before the winner was crowned, the four finalists had the opportunity to perform Tuesday night alongside music superstars. Larson sang “Shining Star” with former "Voice" coach CeeLo Green. Duski performed “Better Man” with country group Little Big Town, and Moulden performed with Alessia Cara.

Jennifer Hudson, who will be joining "The Voice" as a coach for Season 13 this fall, performed her new single “Remember Me.” Hudson previously served as a coach for the UK version of the show, which her contestant won.

"Jennifer is an extraordinary vocal talent and one of the premier voices of our time. She embodies the experience, expertise, positivity and sheer talent that The Voice stands for," Paul Telegdy, president of NBC Entertainment's Alternative and Reality Group, said in a statement when her participation was announced. "Her exceptional skills as a singer and actress have extended to film, television and Broadway, which makes her an incredible addition and a natural fit for our show."



Season 11 coach Miley Cyrus, who’ll be returning as a coach for Season 13, performed her new single “Malibu” and dedicated the performance to those who were affected by Monday night’s attack at Manchester Arena.

And many of the Season 12 competitors returned to perform on night two of the star-studded finale.

The Voice: Memorable Musical Moments



Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee performed their chart-topping “Despacito,” with eliminated "Voice" contestant Mark Isaiah.

Gladys Knight performed with the eliminated Vanessa Ferguson and TSoul, singing “You’re the Best Thing That Ever Happened to Me” and “If I Were Your Woman.” Country group Rascal Flatts performed with ousted Brennley Brown. And Season 12 coach Gwen Stefani brought her former team member Hunter Place up to co-perform Stefani’s mid-1990s hit with her then-band No Doubt, “Don’t Speak.”

E! and NBC are both part of the NBCUniversal family.