Khloe Kardashian Throws Epic July 4th Bash With Tristan Thompson, Kim, Rob, and Dream in Adorable It wouldn't be a holiday without a Kardashian blowout! And this year, the family went all-out at Khloe Kardashian's home. Naturally, the Revenge Body host, 33, started the day with an intensive workout, stopping to snap a selfie with her shirtless man, Tristan Thompson, afterwards.

It wouldn't be a holiday without a Kardashian blowout! And this year, the family went all-out at Khloe Kardashian's home.

She then cooled off by riding down her large waterslide in the backyard, while Thompson shouted, "Alright, come down, let's go!"

Khloe then changed into a red one-piece with denim shortie shorts, posing next to her momager, Kris Jenner. A post shared by Khloe Kardashian Snapchats❕ (@khloesnapchats) on Jul 4, 2017 at 10:32pm PDT The pair shouted, "Happy Fourth of July!" and threw up some peace signs.

And though fitness is often the subject of her snaps, Khloe did take a moment to honor the gold-covered desserts at her bash. A post shared by Khloe Kardashian Snapchats❕ (@khloesnapchats) on Jul 4, 2017 at 10:33pm PDT

"Look how cute all of our desserts are!" she narrated, panning the camera over chocolate-covered strawberries, cookies, and upside-down ice cream cones.

Of course, Kris got her own table setting with the tag reading, "Reserved for Kris F**king Jenner." A post shared by Khloe Kardashian Snapchats❕ (@khloesnapchats) on Jul 4, 2017 at 10:34pm PDT Kim Kardashian also attended the soiree, Snapchatting a video of the family's crazy inflatable pool floats, including one in the shape of her Kimoji booty. #kimkardashian A post shared by @kimsnapchatt on Jul 4, 2017 at 11:02pm PDT

Rob Kardashian brought his baby daughter, Dream, and the pair had a blast on the unicorn pool float, which he documented on his Instagram.

"Happy 4th ! Everyone be safe !!! LOVE," Rob captioned one shot with his little girl. Happy 4th ! Everyone be safe !!! LOVE 💙💙 A post shared by ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) on Jul 4, 2017 at 1:35pm PDT 🦄🇺🇸‼️ A post shared by ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) on Jul 4, 2017 at 1:33pm PDT Babbbby girl A post shared by ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) on Jul 4, 2017 at 1:32pm PDT Happy 4th‼️ A post shared by ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) on Jul 4, 2017 at 1:22pm PDT