Mark Consuelos addresses trolls for body shaming bikini-clad wife Kelly Ripa's husband Mark Consuelos interrupted his sun-soaked vacation in order to defend his wife against cruel trolls who body-shamed her for wearing a bikini.

Mark, 46, hit back at online bullies who criticized 47-year-old Kelly's body after he posted a 'sexy' bikini picture of the TV star on Instagram.

The couple who have been married for 22 years are currently on vacation and the Spanish-born actor captioned the shot with the words: 'Sultry Sundays with the sexy one are my fave...'

Sultry: Mark Consuelos, 46, has hit back at trolls who body shamed Kelly Ripa after he posted a 'sexy' bikini picture of the 47-year-old TV star on Instagram

Double standards: Although Kelly has posted several shots of Mark in his swimwear, he hasn't been subjected to the same vitriol

Ripped: Others told the TV host she looked like a 'boy' and needed to put some 'meat on her bones' as she was too 'skinny'

Hitting back: Mark felt compelled to respond to trolls on Instagram who posted nasty messages about Kelly being too old to wear a bikini in public

And in another image posted to Instagram stories, the mother-of-three showed off her ripped abs as she reclined on a sun lounger next to her handsome partner.

However, not everyone was a complimentary, with several people taking to the comments section to suggest she was too old to be showing off her body on social media.

And although Kelly has posted several shots of Mark in his swimwear, he hasn't been subjected to the same vitriol.

One wrote: 'Kelly's gorgeous, but isn't there a cutoff age where age appropriateness comes into play? Just because you can rock a bikini, doesn't mean you should.'

While several others made digs about Kelly's muscular physique.

'So true she actually doesn't look good no meat and all bones she looks like a lil boy,' one woman wrote.

While another typed: 'I love Kelly Rippa as much as everyone does on this panel but it's not normal for a woman to look like a child. Especially because she is in her 40s. I'm not bashing her if she is keeping fit for herself but reality is reality.

'If her husband loves her that way then she is blessed. But from a mother's point of view is needs meat on those bones.'

The same person added: 'Kelly has lost so much weight she is all muscles and no shape. Even when she dresses for the show, there's nothing on top or backside. Honey please put a little meat on them bones. Love you to death my dear but concerned.'

Daddy: For her part, Kelly seems to have risen above the criticism and has been busy posting images of her husband of almost 22 years

Nailed it! The couple were also spotted getting their bodies in gear while putting themselves through a fun-filled work out, with Kelly looking toned in a Fierce + Regal sports bra

Fans: In the wake of Mark's message, several fans have taken to the comments section to stand up for Kelly

Husband goals: One woman shared that she wished every woman had a husband who would stick up for them like this

Haters gonna hate: Another woman pointed out that people will always find something wrong in others and suggested men never face the same scrutiny and negativity

While a male follower wrote: 'she ain't got no breast no behind skinny legs!!!!'

And while Mark let the trolls have their say, he soon took to the comments section to call out the people making nasty remarks.

'I wanted to take a couple days to weigh in. Probably should’ve earlier arguably. But I wanted to be above it. Well, now I’m not,' he said at the beginning of his lengthy reply.

'I posted this pic of the women I most admire. As a playful tribute to my wife who I’m proud of in endless ways. She works extremely hard in her professional life and her commitment to exercise, healthy diet is admirable and the benefits show..

'Yes she’s wearing a bikini at age 47 and will no doubt wear one for many years to come. If that offends you in some way, if it triggers you, or some other psychosis you’re suffering from, I suggest you get over it and get used to it.

'To all the males that had something negative to say.. I suggest you bring it up with me if ever I’m lucky enough to run into you. I’m going to get back to my vacation now.. thanks for allowing me to express myself,' he concluded.

And several fans have showed their support by replying to Mark's heartfelt words, complimenting his wife on being confident in her body, and dismissing claims that women should stop wearing bikinis past a certain age.

Longtime loves: The couple looked happier than ever as they snuggled up for a selfie

Hunky hubs! Kelly shared a snap of her beloved husband enjoying a swim

Shady lady: The couple posed alongside a pal for more beach time

The couple are no strangers for sticking up for each other on social media and earlier this year, Ripa told Wendy Williams that she's not shy about clapping back at trolls.

When a user commented about Mark's height, writing under a photo of the couple, 'Too bad he's short when he tries to look taller. It looks funny. Just be who you are', Kelly replied: 'He's tall where it counts, babe'.

'I love a clapback,' she told Williams.

'I love a troll but I love to troll a troll. Like, if you're gonna troll me, then I'm gonna troll back. And that, we can all agree, that is the way God intended.'

Despite facing the wrath of cruel online trolls Kelly and Mark, who have three children together - Michael, 20, Lola, 16, and Joaquin, 15 - appear to be having a whale of a time on their getaway.

The duo have posted numerous images of themselves on social media, including one particularly cozy couple picture that saw the TV host reclining on a sun lounger, showing off her abs while lying next to her partner.

In another image, this time posted by an enamored Kelly and captioned only with the hashtag #daddy, Mark can be seen proudly showing off his own ripped physique; another shot showed the actor emerging from the water as she took a photo from above on a deck.