Victoria Beckham and Miranda Kerr champion 'no arch brow' trend If you're desperate to turn back the years on your face but don't have the money or pain threshold to go under the knife, a new beauty trend may be your secret weapon.

The 'no arch brow' - literally a straight, thick brow with zero arch in it - is being touted as the cheapest and most effective way to knock years off your face.

Whilst seriously arched brows have long been the most fashionable style thanks to their ability to open the eyes up, experts believe that they actually draw attention to your fine lines.

Scroll down for video

The 'no arch brow' - literally a straight, thick brow with zero arch in it - is being touted as the cheapest and most effective way to knock years off your face and Miranda Kerr, left, and Victoria Beckham, right, are huge fans of the flattering shape

Ditching the arches, say brow experts, is much more natural. 'Eyebrows can become sparser with age,' explains Jodie Mills, Hi Brow Expert Therapist.

'But with a little expert help, you too can have well-shaped and defined brows, which can make an incredible difference to your look.

'No arch brows help to create a more youthful look. You should create a brow shape like this that frames the face.'

Also known as boy brows, the look was seen backstage at the hottest spring/summer 15 shows, and is taking the celebrity world by storm.

Originally hailing from Korea, the likes of Victoria Beckham, Suki Waterhouse, Natalie Portman and Miranda Kerr have all been championing the no arch brow.

Ditching the arches, like Natalie Portman, left, and Suki Waterhouse, right, is much more natural, say brow experts

Also known as boy brows, the look, which is loved by Emma Watson, was seen backstage at the hottest spring/summer 15 shows, and is taking the celebrity world by storm

So how can you emulate the A-listers at home? 'The brow should begin between the inner corner of the eye and bridge of the nose,' explains Maribeth Madron, Maybelline eyebrow expert.

'Finding the perfect end point is easy - just hold a pencil from outer edge of the nostril pointing to the outer corner of eye. '

'First, make sure to use a sharp pencil. Then, begin in the center of the brow and make short upward and outward strokes with very little pressure; this mimics the softness of your actual brows.

'Add definition by filling any holes with pencil, setting them with brow powder, and finishing with brow gel for a touch of shine and hold.'

M·A·C Senior Artist, Pablo Rodriguez, added: ‘Straighter eyebrows look fuller, more boyish so it gives a youthful natural look. The easiest way to get this look, is to fill in the eyebrows with a neutral brown eyeshadow such as M·A·C Copperplate Eyeshadow or an eyebrow pencil like M·A·C Lingering Brow Pencil under the arch, not on top of the arch.

'This will change the shape altogether giving you that straight brow and if you want to add more texture, brush your brows upwards using a tinted Brow Set such as the new M·A·C ProLongwear Waterproof Brow Set . This will make the hair thicker and keeps it in place. Follow the same principle as using mascara, but on the eyebrows.’