Luann de Lesseps reveals lavish plans ahead New Year's Eve wedding to Tom D'Agostino She been showing off a giant bling engagement ring from fiance Tom D'Agostino since February.

And Luann de Lesseps says she's going to be a 'triple threat' when she walks down the aisle on New Year's Eve.

The 51-year-old reality television star revealed to E! that she will have three wedding dresses, when she weds her businessman beau in Palm Beach, Florida, at the end of the year.

Lavish affair: Luann de Lesseps says she's going to be a 'triple threat' when she walks down the aisle on New Year's Eve with Tom D'Agnostino

The wedding takes place on Tom's 50th birthday, and will be his first marriage and a second for Luann.

'I'm wearing three dresses. I wanted to wear like something traditional to walk down the aisle, because Tom has never been married, so I wanted to be his bride,' she told the publication.

She added: 'Then for his birthday, so I was maybe going to sing a little something for him. And then for New Year's Eve, I wanted to wear something really blingy and fun for New Year's, so why not?'

Leann was married to French Count Alexandre de Lesseps for 16 years, until they divorced in 2009.

They share daughter Victoria and son Noel.

Nuptials: It's a second marriage for Leann (pictured in October), who was married to French Count Alexandre de Lesseps for 16 years

Luann also told this coming Monday's Steve Harvey show that her RHONY co-star Dorinda Medley will serve as one of her bridesmaids.

'She introduced Tom and I, so I thought it's only fitting that she should be a bridesmaid,' she said.

It's thought Bethenny Frankel won't be extended an invitation after the SkinnyGirl founder showed Leann pictures of her fiance kissing another woman.

In the season eight finale this summer, Luann confronted Tom about it, and they worked things out after he said he felt 'awful' about it.

Heated: It's thought Bethenny Frankel (pictured on Nov 30) won't be extended an invitation after the SkinnyGirl founder showed Leann pictures of her fiance kissing another woman

They then got into a heated argument with Bethenny and Luann tweeted: 'Tom & I truly love each other. We worked it through and are stronger than ever! #LoveWins xo' after the finale was aired.

'We did hit a little bump in the road,' she told Harvey, adding: 'I think that when those things happens, it's a real test of people loving each other and getting past things that happen. I think that if you can't forgive somebody you love, who can you forgive? It's made us stronger than ever and I knew then and I know now that we do love each other and that's the most important thing and so, we're getting married.'

'I think also it's very easy to walk away,' she added. 'The hard part is staying and working it out because, look, we all have been put to our tests in life and challenges. I'm sure I'm not the only one and so, I think that's really the most important thing—not how you fall but how you pick yourself up.'

Bethenny told E! News in September that she had good intentions.

'I did what I thought was right,' she told them, adding: 'I would do it again for another friend - not necessarily Luann because I've realized that she doesn't want to know. But I wish her all the luck in her marriage.'