Prince William Says Princess Kate's Pregnancy With Their Third Child Is 'Very Good News' After a somewhat rough beginning to Princess Kate's third pregnancy, the royals are now properly celebrating the news of an addition to the family.

Prince William attended a mental health conference in Oxford, England, on Tuesday, and before speaking about trauma that can have a serious effect on first responders, he addressed this week's exciting announcement, People reports.

Despite Kate's struggles with morning sickness, which she also experienced while pregnant with George, four, and Charlotte, two, William said the pregnancy is "very good news," and added, "There's not much sleep going on at the moment." He also noted that although Kate's first trimester was "a bit anxious to start with," the family has finally been able to "start celebrating this week."

The royal family announced the big news on Monday. A statement released by Kensington Palace on Twitter reads, "Their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are very pleased to announce that the Duchess of Cambridge is expecting their third child. The Queen and members of both families are delighted with the news." Kate's morning sickness was also mentioned in the statement, as an explanation for her absence at upcoming events: "As with her previous two pregnancies, the Duchess is suffering from hyperemesis gravidarum. Her Royal Highness will no longer carry out her planned engagement at the Hornsey Road Children's Centre in London today. The Duchess is being cared for at Kensington Palace."

X content

A little brother or sister for George and Charlotte isn't entirely unexpected. During a trip to Poland earlier this summer, after being gifted a toy for a newborn, Kate reportedly joked, "We will just have to have more babies!" And there's plenty of room at Kensington Palace, since Prince William and Princess Kate recently added a huge, three-story extension to the royal residence in preparation for their move there from Amner Hall. The renovation proposal claimed that the nearly 5,000-square-foot expansion would "free up the palace suites for the Royal Family" and is "required to allow for the accommodation of administration which must necessarily be moved out of rooms leased from the Royal Household in Kensington Palace." It would also free up a ton of space for a new nursery and multiple playrooms—just saying.