Cancer survivor is left with 'lumps of FAT' in his biceps A cancer survivor who tried to beef up his puny arms by getting implants hopes doctors can fix the lumpy biceps and oversized triceps he was left with after his disastrous surgeries.

In a preview clip for Wednesday night's episode of the E! reality series Botched, Joey explains that he was diagnosed with lymphoma in 2012 and underwent chemotherapy for a year.

'So before the chemo, I was maintaining a weight of 150 pounds. After, I went down to 118 pounds,' Joey says. 'I went to my doctor and he said my muscle mass got affected by the chemo.'

Scroll down for video

Last hope: Joey wants doctors to fix his botched arms after getting implants in his biceps and triceps

Start of it all: Joey was diagnosed with lymphoma in 2012, and after a year of chemotherapy he went from 150lbs (left) to 118lbs (right)

Looking back: Doctors told Joey that his muscle mass was affected by the chemotherapy, and he was particularly self-conscious about his skinny arms

After spending a year trying everything from working out to 'doing protein,' Joey was only able to gain back seven pounds.

'I decided to get a little silicone implant in my bicep to give me a little bulk because I'm so self-conscious about my arms,' he admits, noting that he found a doctor who 'seemed to be an expert in male implants.'

However, when he took off the bandages on his arms after his first surgery, he was surprised by the appearance of his arms.

'My left bicep seemed to develop a lot of fluid,' he says. 'I had to have it drained four times, and then it started to shrink and it looked like it was getting sucked in.'

Going under the knife: Joey decided to get bicep implants to beef up his arms

Aftermath: Joey's left bicep needed to be drained four times after surgery, and then it started to shrink into his arm

Say what: When his doctor offered to transfer fat into his bicep to 'give it some volume,' Joey decided to get tricep implants as well

The doctor admitted that he had never seen anything like that before, but he told Joey that he needed a second surgery to put some fat back into his arms to 'break up the scar tissue and give it some volume.'

Although he was less than pleased with the results of his first procedure, Joey decided that he would go under the knife a second time — and have the same doctor give him tricep implants while transferring fat to his biceps.

'I went back to have the fat transferred, and I decided I'm going to go for the gold. I'm going to get tricep implants too while I'm here,' he says. 'My arms were still very skinny. I thought people make mistakes; work is not always up to par.'

Before the surgery, Joey made sure to tell the doctor that he didn't want his triceps to overwhelm the rest of his body.

End result: Joey developed three fat balls on his bicep after his second surgery

Not happy: 'My triceps are so big I think, maybe, he ordered a thigh implant instead of a tri,' he says of the disastrous surgery

'I said, "Please, please don't make them too big." I said, "I am a tiny guy,"' he recalls.

After his second surgery, Joey was once again upset with what he saw.

'My left bicep seemed to develop three little balls of fat, like lumps,' he explains. 'And my triceps are so big I think, maybe, he ordered a thigh implant instead of a tri.'

Not only was he unhappy with the results of his surgeries, his doctor completely ignored him when he tried to reach out to him.

'I wrote him a letter, sent pictures,' he says. 'I never heard back from him.'

Botched Tuesdays at 9pm on E! UK Stream on hayu in the UK and Ireland