Meghan Markle 'Wants to be Princess Diana 2.0', Says Book As Meghan Markle prepares to officially enter life as a royal, a controversial new book by infamous royal biographer Andrew Morton, it set to be released.

Advertisement

The book, titled, Meghan: A Hollywood Princess, to be released on April 17, delves further into her past and details her apparent “fascination” with fiancé Prince Harry’s late Mother, Princess Diana.

Morton, who famously penned the explosive 1992 biography on Diana, writes how Meghan “was intrigued by Diana not just for her style but also for her independent humanitarian mission”. Family friends say the Suits actress “saw her as a role model.”

“She was always fascinated by the royal family,” the star’s childhood friend Ninaki Priddy is quoted as saying in the book, according to an excerpt printed on The Times. “She wants to be Princess Diana 2.0.”

(Credit: Getty)

Advertisement

The 36-year-old, who studied a double major in theater and international relations at Northwestern University, followed her interest in politics by landing an internship at the US embassy in Buenos Aires.

“It was their economic devaluation and our Secretary of the Treasury at the time, Paul O’Neill, was there, so I’m 20 years old, in Buenos Aires, in a motorcade, doing that whole thing,” she previously told Marie Claire US. “I thought for sure I would still have a career in politics.”

While Meghan ended up in Hollywood rather than Washington, she did continue her interest in humanitarianism, working as a Global Ambassador for World Vision, working with the United Nations, she was a One Young World Counsellor and has long been an outspoken advocate for gender equality, all prior to meeting her future husband.

Advertisement

“What’s been really exciting, as we talk about this as the transition out of my career… is that the causes that have been very important to me, I can focus even more energy on,” Meghan said in her engagement interview with the BBC.

And so while comparisons are a waste of time and energy, if she was inspired by the incredible work Diana did, and can continue to fight for causes that need a voice and a platform like hers, then power to her we say!