Mark Salling’s Autopsy Reveals He Had Alcohol in His System Mark Salling’s autopsy revealed that the former Glee star had alcohol in his system when he died of asphyxia by hanging.

Related: Celebrity Deaths in 2018: Stars We’ve Lost Hollywood lost some of its greats this year. Scroll down to see Us Weekly’s tribute to the celebrities who died in 2018. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails […]

The toxicology report obtained by Us Weekly explained that while there there were no drugs in Salling’s system, he had a blood alcohol level of 0.095 at the time of his death on January 30. (The legal limit for driving is 0.080.)

Related: Hollywood’s Sexual Misconduct Scandals While Hollywood may appear to be all glitz and glam on the surface, the industry has seen its fair share of scandals through the years. The New York Times and the New Yorker first published investigative pieces in 2017 that accused disgruntled movie producer Harvey Weinstein of decades of sexual assault and harassment. Soon after, Weinstein stood trial and was […]

As previously reported, the Los Angeles Coroner office confirmed to Us on January 30 that Salling was found dead by a riverbed in the Sunland-Tujunga neighborhood of L.A. He was pronounced dead of an apparent suicide at the scene, and the coroner confirmed on February 1 that his cause of death is asphyxia by hanging. He was 35 years old.

The autopsy also detailed the timeline of events leading up to officers finding Sailing’s body. “The decedent was last known to be alive watching television with his father, in the living room,” the report reads. Sometime after midnight on January 30, “the decedent’s mother woke up and noticed the decedent and his vehicle were gone. The decedent was on house arrest and his roommate for the tracking device down the street from the residence.”

Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly Check our latest news in Google News Follow Us Check our latest news in Apple News Follow Us

Us confirmed at the time that Salling’s family reported him missing before his body was discovered.

Related: Stars at Court Chris Brown isn't the only celeb who has faced a judge. See more stars in court such as Taylor Swift, Lindsay Lohan and more.

Prior to his death, Salling was awaiting sentencing after pleaded guilty to possession of child pornography in December 2017. The the report added that Salling had a “history of depression since his conviction for procession of child pornography in 2017.”

If you or someone you know is in emotional distress or suicidal crisis, please call the Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK (8255).