Claire Holt's husband Matthew Kaplan files for divorce She tied the knot with her husband on April 28 last year.

But the wedded bliss was short-lived for Australian actress Claire Holt, as her beau Matthew Kaplan filed for divorce just one day shy of their first anniversary.

In court papers filed on April 27, TV producer Matthew cited irreconcilable differences for the split.

Splitsville: Australian actress Claire Holt is set to divorce from her husband Matthew Kaplan

Claire, 28, has since responded to the filing on May 2 and requested to take back her maiden name.

And Brisbane-born Claire claims the couple split on April 27, while her husband believes they separated three days earlier.

Known for her role in The Vampire Diaries's spin-off show, The Originals, Claire first announced her engagement to Matthew in July 2015.

Bad timing? Court documents show Matthew filed for divorce, citing irreconcilable differences, on April 27, just one day ahead of the couple's first wedding anniversary

Taking to Instagram at the time, the blonde beauty shared a photo of herself sporting a sparkling ring on her engagement finger, with the snap simply captioned 'Yes'.

The cute couple snap attracted a flood of congratulatory comments from fans of the actress, who first shot to fame starring in Australian children's television show H20: Just Add Water.

Meanwhile, the pair kept their wedding ceremony under wraps when they tied the knot last year.

Flashback: The couple announced their engagement in July 2015, with Claire sharing a snap of herself cosying up with her beau whilst sporting a sparkly ring (pictured in LA in July 2015)

Secret wedding: The Brisbane-born actress previously said she kept the pair's nuptials under wraps as 'there's something really sacred about keeping that moment to yourselves'

Speaking to TV Week about why they were reluctant to publicise the nuptials, Claire said: 'I think there's something really sacred about keeping that moment to yourselves.'

Claire joined The Originals cast in 2013, portraying the role of Rebekah Mikaelson.

She has also starred in The Vampire Diaries alongside fellow Australian actress Phoebe Tonkin.