16 Easy Taylor Swift "Look What You Made Me Do" Halloween Costume Ideas For You & Your Squad Crisp, spooky fall is in the air, and everyone knows what that means: It's time for you and your 20 closest friends to start planning your Halloween costumes. As the countdown to her next album begins, what better source of inspiration could you possibly find than the Queen of Squads herself? This year, the Taylor Swift "Look What You Made Me Do" costumes will be legion — remember the many, many Ballerina Swifts of 2015? — but a lack of originality doesn't mean you should dress up as some lesser pop star. Swift costumes will never go out of style.

Although it may feel like the massively popular 1989 came out just a short while ago, it has actually been three years since the release of Swift's last album. Needless to say, fans were delighted when she announced via Instagram in late August that her newest album will be released this fall. Reputation, stylized in the lowercase as reputation, is her sixth studio album, and if the popularity of 1989 is any indication, everyone in the Western hemisphere can expect to have it memorized by the end of November.

The album itself isn't scheduled for release until Nov. 10, but by the end of September, Swift released two singles: "...Ready For It?" and "Look What You Made Me Do." Anyone with the barest awareness of pop culture already knows that the latter song was accompanied by an instantly iconic music video featuring Swift throughout the ages. On the off chance that you haven't seen it yet, stop whatever else you're doing and watch it right now.

Swift goes through approximately one million wardrobe changes in the video, making it perfect material for a group Halloween costume. Here are 16 easy looks from the video for you and your squad to enjoy this year.

1 Zombie Taylor Giphy The video opens with an undead Swift clawing her way out of the grave where her reputation lies buried. (Subtle, right?) Of all the costumes, it's the most appropriate for Halloween, so it's perfect for horror aficionados. The most important part is the zombie makeup; there are plenty of online tutorials to practice before Oct. 31. Aside from that, all you need is a dirty blue dress and a shovel. Be sure to use cocoa powder on your skin to make yourself look appropriately grimy. Lulu's Heavenly Hues Light Blue Maxi Dress, $84, Lulus

2 Diamond Swift Giphy Unless you keep four willing, able-bodied men on retainer for all your Halloween costume needs, the chances of you finding someone to carry you around in a bathtub filled with diamonds are slim. The next best thing is to outfit yourself with all the sparkly, rhinestone-encrusted clothing and accessories you can get your hands on. Top it off with red lipstick and pearl earrings, and voila! You're Diamond Taylor. Polyvore Xscape Rhinestone Soutache Fit-and-Flare Dress, $89, Lord and Taylor | Asana Choker, $88, Child of Wild | Lime Crime Velvetines Liquid Matte Lipstick, $20, Amazon | Rhinestone Bracelet, $19, Venus

7 Ballerina Taylor Giphy Ah yes, the famous Ballerina Taylor from "Shake It Off." It's the perfect excuse to use your old ballet costumes if you have them. If not, just buy a white leotard and tutu. The headpiece is a little harder to find, but you can replicate it by pinning two large, white feathers in your hair or buying a feathery headband. Polyvore Free People Stretch Cotton Leotard Bodysuit, $48, Nordstrom | Star Tutu Short Cream, $98, Marie Chantal | Eugenia Kim Ulla Headband, $49, Banana Republic | Touch Ups Beth, $50, Shoes

8 "You Belong With Me" Taylor Giphy A reference to the video for "You Belong With Me," which was released in 2008, this incarnation of Swift is super easy to replicate. Just don some '80s glasses, pull your hair back, and buy a plain white T-shirt from a craft store. Write "JUNIOR JEWELS" in the middle, then have your friends sign it. As for bottoms, most of the music video takes place in her bedroom, so go for some pajama shorts or pants. Polyvore Sorbet Pajama Shorts, $30, Domino | Popmap Large Retro Clear Lens Glasses, $14, Popmap | Scoopneck Tee, $22, GAP

9 Met Gala Taylor Giphy You might not remember the pink Oscar de la Renta gown Swift wore to the 2014 Met Gala, but she does. In fact, it's the dress in which she was buried. This costume is perfect for the fashion-obsessed friend. Neilson Barnard/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images So how are you supposed to mimic a one-of-a-kind designer gown? You... can't, really, but you can do your best to find a pastel pink ballgown. Remember to curl your hair and wear red lipstick. Polyvore Lime Crime Red Velvet, $20, Amazon | Pink A Line Scoop Neck Tulle Floor Length Prom Dress, $139, Harry Dress | Landen Heels, $90, Steve Madden

12 Cat Burglar Taylor Giphy Swift managed to work her love for cats into the video; the costume is perfect for her fellow feline enthusiasts. The important parts are the cat mask, baseball bat, cat hoodie, and red boots. Polyvore Cat Head & Paws Costume for Adults, $28, Buy Costumes | Black Cat Pattern Hoodie, $32, With Chic | Patent Leather Over the Knee Boots, $99, Water Every Sunday

16 Pair Up Giphy Even if you can't get all the Taylors at once, you can pair up in any combination: Zombie Taylor and Met Gala Taylor, Fearless Taylor with Reputation Taylor, and so on. Happy Halloween!