Khloe Kardashian and Tristan Thompson Relationship Timeline Seventeen picks products that we think you'll love the most. We may earn commission from the links on this page.

Since Khloé Kardashian and Tristan Thompson started dating in 2016, the couple has been consistently on-again, and off-again. While the pair is not together anymore following the news that Tristan fathered a child with Maralee Nichols, things are said to be “okay” between the reality star and NBA player. According to reports, their focus is primarily on “co-parenting” their four-year-old daughter, True Thompson, who they welcomed in 2018, and the new baby boy they welcomed in August. If you’re having trouble keeping track of all their highs and lows and drama, here is a complete timeline of Khloé and Tristan’s relationship.



July 13, 2023: Khloé Kardashian and Tristan Thompson Share First Look at Baby Tatum on The Kardashians

Khloé and Tristan came together to showcase their baby boy's face for the first time on Hulu's reality series The Kardashians. In a preview for next week's upcoming episode obtained by People, Tristan walked into a room holding baby Tatum as he thanked Khloé, Kim Kardashian, and Kris Jenner for their support. "Thank you so much, from me and my family, I don't know what I would do without you guys right now," he said.

July 13, 2023: Khloé Reveals Why She Forgave Tristan for Multiple Cheating Scandals

In the latest episode of The Kardashians, Khloé opened up about the real reason she forgave ex Tristan Thompson for his multiple cheating scandals over the years. The 39-year-old Good American founder went to dinner with sister Kim Kardashian and Scott Disick at Casa Vega in Sherman Oaks, California, Scott asked Khloé if Tristan had any chances of reconciling their relationship. "No, no chances," Khloé said.

Scott then reassured Khloe that he "would support" her if she decided to get back with Tristan, to which she responded that she was "totally fine" with Tristan and that she "just don't have the energy for issues."

"Yeah, I forgive Tristan," she explained in a confessional, noting that it "doesn't mean I forget what he's done." She continued, "I forgive Tristan for me because I've got to let that s--t go. I need to for myself. I can't move on with my life if I'm holding onto this bulls--t."

June 12, 2023: Khloé Gave Her Son Tatum the Last Name Kardashian At Birth and Later Changed it to Thompson

Things were so tense between Khloé and Tristan when they welcomed their son in August 2022 that the reality star reportedly gave their son Tatum the last name Kardashian instead of the Los Angeles Lakers star's last name Thompson. According to TMZ, a source revealed that Khloé reportedly had a change of heart and legally changed his last name to Thompson sometime later. The source also revealed that Tatum wasn't the baby's first name but did not disclose Khloé and Tristan's original name for their baby boy.

Just in case you need a refresher, the on-again, off-again couple welcomed their son via a surrogate months after news broke that Tristan got another woman pregnant while they were still together.

June 8, 2023: Khloé Says She's "Not Getting Back" with Tristan

Khloé is officially moving on from Tristan, and she isn't looking back. During the newest episode of the Hulu series The Kardashians, the Good American founder explained to her mom Kris Jenner, that although she and Tristan were on good terms, they had no plans of getting back together. "Tristan and I, we always get along great. Him and I have a great friendship relationship, we get along fine, and for my kids, I will put anything to the side," she said. "What's done is done, so what would I still be holding on to something for? I don't need to punish him because I'm not getting back with him."

Kris recounted a "really cute" memory of Tristan eating breakfast with their 5-year-old daughter True at Khloé's house, but Khloé was adamant about the two of them doing what's best for their children. "Yeah if I'm not here when I'm not around, he's here," she replied. "I would rather him be here than the nanny." Despite their co-parenting relationship, the mom of two made it clear that she's done pursuing a romantic relationship with him. "There's still boundaries, I'm definitely putting my foot down around a lot of things. No one's just here chilling if there's no kids involved."

May 24, 2023: Khloé and Tristan’s Baby Boy’s Name Finally Revealed

Nine months after Khloé and Tristan’s baby boy was born via surrogacy, his name has finally been unveiled. During the season 3 premiere of Hulu’s The Kardashians, Khloé shared that her son’s name is Tatum. ❤️

The reality star previously revealed that her second baby’s name started with a T, and her bestie Malika Haqq appeared to divulge his moniker just a few days ago on Instagram, but this is the first time that Khloé herself has confirmed his name. As she said in the premiere of the reality series, “Naming a human is really hard.”

May 17, 2023: Khloé Shuts Down Rumors of Her Reconciling with Tristan

Khloé Kardashian has had enough of online reports that she's reconciled with Tristan Thompson. The Good American co-founder left a lengthy caption on a fan page that reposted a screenshot from popular celeb gossip blog Deuxmoi's Instagram Story that read, "Kim supporting Tristan at the Lakers game… what is going on? 🫠."

Khloé wrote, "Stop pushing this narrative. It's tiring. But I suppose You guys will continue the narrative you want regardless of what I say so what's the point." The mom of two says the rumors are "exhausting" but says she "learned people will only understand to the level of their own perception." The Kardashians star continued, "Most are stuck at believing the lies because it's the narrative they want to fuel. Have fun." She also explained the truth behind her sister Kim Kardashian's recent appearance at several of the Los Angeles Lakers playoff games, where Tristan played. "Some things are just as simple as they seem. A family member supporting another family member ESPECIALLY during a difficult time in life," Khloe said, hinting at the recent death of Tristan's mother.

She followed up with an example of how she continues to show up for her sister's exes despite their relationships having ended. "Example.... just how I support Scott and will forever support him. He's my brother. It's just not on an NBA stage. Sad new world, If there's no photos people think it really didn't happen but yes, I see Scott often. Somethings really are just as they are."

The fan page posted a screenshot of Khloe's comment and issued an apology, and she replied, "Thanks babe!"

April 24, 2023: Tristan Stalks a Khloé Fan Account on Instagram

Oops! 😅 It seems like Tristan has been subtly keeping up with his ex through Instagram. The NBA player accidentally revealed his hand when he viewed a series of IG Story polls featuring lots of photos of Khloé from fan account @updatekhloee.

"Hello Tristan," wrote @updatekhloee over a screenshot obtained by The Sun. Tristan's username, @realtristan13, along with his verified Blue Checkmark, were clearly visible at the top of the list of 76 viewers. We wonder how many other fan accounts he's currently stalking...

@Updatekhloee

April 9, 2023: Khloé Subtly Supports Tristan's New Contract With the LA Lakers

On Easter Sunday, the Los Angeles Lakers announced that NBA player Tristan has officially joined their team. Their official Instagram page posted a pic of Tristan in the iconic gold and violet jersey, writing, "OFFICIAL: Tristan Thompson and Shaquille Harrison are Los Angeles Lakers." Per E! News, the basketball player's ex, Khloé Kardashian, subtly showed her support by liking the announcement.

ICYMI, Tristan previously played for the Cleveland Cavaliers, Chicago Bulls, and Boston Celtics and Khloé would constantly sit courtside to support him when they were together.



April 6, 2023: Khloé Hints at Her Son's Name

Khloé and Tristan have kept the name of their seven-month-old son under wraps since his birth via surrogate in August 2022. The proud mom of two appeared on The Jennifer Hudson Show, where she revealed her son's name is similar to his sister, True, and father, Tristan, because it starts with a "T."

According to the reality star-turned-entrepreneur, she didn't pick a name out at birth because she "wanted to meet him and feel him out a little bit." Khloé revealed her plan to reveal her baby boy's name when her family's Hulu series, The Kardashians, premieres its third season on May 25, but she "didn't know it was going to be this far out." Plus, she's hoping her four-year-old daughter True can keep his name under wraps until then. "Now I'm just like if my daughter outs me... I'm screwed."

April 5, 2023: Tristan Hasn't Given Up Hope on Reconciling with Khloé

Tristan is reportedly on a mission to win his on-again-off-again girlfriend back. According to Us Weekly, the NBA star "hasn't completely given up hope," while his ex has "made it clear" that she has no plans of getting back with him. "He knows they're always going to be in each other's lives because of their children. But that doesn't mean he hasn't been trying," the insider told Us. "At this point, he feels like all he can do is be the best father to their kids that he can and show Khloé over time that he's there for their family. He is so happy he was able to find a home right around the corner from them because they're his priority. He just wants to be there for his kids."

The same day this report was published, the on-again-off-again couple-turned-neighbors were spotted with their two children in a drive-through at a McDonald's in Rialto, California. According to TMZ, the duo ordered "a LOT of food," including child-friendly happy meals.

March 28, 2023: Tristan Buys a House Three Doors Down From Khloé

Khloé and Tristan have gone from co-parents to neighbors. According to Page Six, the NBA star purchased a $12.5 million, 10,584-square-foot home three doors down from the one his ex shares with their two children in Hidden Hills, California. The Sun reports that Tristan signed the dotted line on the house in December 2022.

March 15, 2023: Khloé Posts a Cryptic Message to Her Instagram Story

A source close to the couple told Us Weekly about Tristan's plans to reconcile with his on-again, off-again ex. "Tristan is always trying to get Khloé back, he still loves her and wants to make it work between them," the source said. "They're friends and great co-parents, but he wants more."



But based on a recent Instagram Story that Khloé posted, the reality star might not be feeling the same way. "S/O to myself bc after everything i've been through i still have a good heart even when people don't deserve it," the text post read.

@khloekardashian

Concerned fans need not be worried, though. According to a source that spoke to ET, Khloé isn't anywhere near getting back together with Tristan. "[She] is in a good place and has set boundaries with Tristan," the source explained. "Tristan will always be in Khloe’s life, but she isn't in love with him. She chooses to be supportive, both publicly and privately, for the sake of their children."

They continued, "Khloe has the biggest heart and sometimes that is her downfall. She is forgiving, loves with everything she has, and is so loyal, but she is focused on co-parenting and taking care of herself right now."

March 13, 2023: Khloé Celebrates Tristan's 32nd Birthday With a Heartfelt Instagram Tribute

Khloé took to Instagram to celebrate Tristan's big day with a touching tribute. While she wrote a heartfelt message sharing wishes for continued "healing" and "change," the mom of two shocked fans on social media with pictures of their young son, who she typically keeps offline.

The first picture in her 10 post carousel featured an adorable shot of Tristan posing with his daughter True, who he shares with Khloe, his son Prince, from his relationship with Jordan Craig, and a baby boy wearing a black onesie with little white ghosts on it. A few slides later, Tristan puckered up, making a kissy face while holding the same baby boy.

March 10, 2023: Tristan Attends Khloé's BFF's 40th Birthday Party

Khloé and Tristan may have ended things romantically, but they are still supporting the mutual friends they made during their relationships. According to Page Six, the former couple arrived separately at the Nice Guy restaurant in West Hollywood to celebrate the Good American founder's best friends Malika and Khadijah Haqq's 40th birthday. Khloé's mom, Kris Jenner, and sisters Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner also attended the bday bash.

March 9, 2023: Khloé Has Reportedly Been Spending Time With Tristan After His Mom's Death

After Tristan's mother suddenly passed away at the beginning of the year, an anonymous source tells Entertainment Tonight that Khloé has served as an "amazing support system" for the NBA player. The insider dished that Khloé and her family "have been sending flowers, keeping [Tristan and his brothers] engaged, and making sure they know they are loved and supported."

The insider adds that Khloé "has been very cognizant of making sure Tristan and his brothers don't feel alone and she has been doing her best to help them as they deal with this tragic loss." Tristan also reportedly wants to "show the world" the man he can be as the former couple continues to peacefully co-parent their children.

February 25, 2023: Tristan Continues to Show Khloé Love on Insta

Tristan and Khloé may have ended their romantic relationship and decided to focus on co-parenting their two children together, but that hasn't stopped the NBA player from supporting his ex on Insta. Khloé uploaded a workout selfie of her posing in the gym and received some love from her ex, who responded by liking the pic.

February 13, 2023: Tristan Supports Khloé's Latest Instagram Post

Khloé Kardashian sent Instagram into a frenzy when she dropped a steaming hot pic of her wearing a teeny weeny metallic gray bikini on Monday. Along with drawing in applause from her sister Kylie Jenner, who commented "🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 insane" on the post, Khloé's on-again, off-again ex Tristan gave the post his stamp of approval with a like.

February 7, 2023: Khloé Shares Rare Glimpse of Her Son

Aww. Khloé took to her Instagram Story with the sweetest glimpse of her young son. According to a screenshot obtained by People, the mom of two posted her youngest child, whose name has not been revealed, wearing a Dalmatian onesie and dangling his legs while they listened to "Baby Love" by The Supremes.

February 5, 2023: Khloé Says She's Single Amid Rumors That She and Tristan Reconciled

Khloé is setting the record straight about her relationship status. The mother of two took to social media on Sunday amid rumors that she reunited with her ex. During a Twitter chat with her fans, the Good American founder was asked about "her man," and she replied, "Who has time for a man lol I have a 6 month old baby and True and I are sickly codependent on one another." Khloé added, "Ha! I secretly love it. No but for real…. No man right now…. He’s in my prayers too ha!"

February 5, 2023: Tristan Remembers His Late Mother on Instagram

On Sunday, Tristan took to Instagram to remember his late mother, Andrea Thompson. The NBA star shared a carousel post of images with his mother, his three brothers, his ex Khloe and his daughter True. "It has been one month since you’ve been gone. I’m in disbelief. I'm in the deepest part of sorrow & grief," Tristan began. "My soul is empty as I come to terms that my biggest supporter/superhero is gone. I cannot thank you enough for always being a woman of faith, being one of God's warriors, fighting back with whatever the world threw our way."

The father of three also addressed his public shortcomings and promised to use his mother's memory as inspiration to become a better man. "All I can say is, Im sorry mommy for the wrong decisions I've made in my life. I'm sorry for the embarrassment &pain," he wrote. "You raised me better than what I was able to show you. But I have also learned sorry is not enough. Actions speak louder than words. So I wont just say sorry. Stay tuned to the ways I will show the world what an amazing son you raised. I will show you that even when we fall & make mistakes, we get back up. You are my motivation. Stand beside me as I become the man I know you always believed in. I'm going to make you proud, I promise!"

He later thanked his late mother for the sacrifices she made for him and his siblings and promised to take care of his youngest brother. "Amari is going to be taken care of," he wrote. "I’ll protect him, love him &do anything in the world to make sure he’s ok."



February 2, 2023: Khloé Shares Cryptic Quotes on Instagram

Khloé took to Instagram on Thursday to share some empowering quotes about love, loss, peace, and gratitude. “Work on yourself and vibe alone for a while... every season don’t need company,” one message read. “A woman that found peace instead of revenge can never be bothered,” another declared.

“The most beautiful soul you will ever find is one who has experience loss but chooses to love, one who has experienced tragedy but continues to have faith, and one who has experienced failure but continues to pursue their dreams,” a third stated.

The messages come after rumors surfaced that Khloé and Tristan have reconciled, according to Page Six. Following the sudden death of Tristan’s mother, Andrea Thompson, the two flew together to Toronto to be with Tristan’s family. A few weeks later, Tristan was spotted at Chicago West’s basketball game alongside Khloe’s sis Kim Kardashian, the outlet reports.

Instagram

January 24, 2023: Khloé Remembers Tristan's Mother, Andrea, in Heartfelt Instagram Tribute

In the early morning hours on January 24, Khloé took to Instagram to pay tribute to Tristan Thompson's late mother, Andrea Thompson, who died on January 5 after suffering a heart attack. "I have been avoiding this," the reality star began. "Avoiding accepting this is real. I have so much to say but nothing at all. I have so many emotions, and still, I feel numb," she said.



The Good American founder, who shares two children with the NBA star, discussed her grief in the wake of Andrea's death. "Life can be brutally unfair at times, and this has been one of the toughest times in so many of our lives. But at the same time, I feel blessed that I am lucky to have had someone that makes saying goodbye so incredibly difficult," she continued.

"So difficult that I'm choosing not to say goodbye for good because that is something I cannot fathom. Goodbyes for good are something I don’t believe in. I KNOW I will see you again. I know I will hear your sweet voice and infectious laugh again. I know I’ll get to feel that embrace of yours. I’ll see you again with the many that have gone before you that I so desperately miss, love, and cherish. So, I’m choosing to say that until I see you again in Heaven, I miss you, and I will continue to miss you more and more every single day."



Khloé remembered Andrea for "dancing and singing" and her love for her sons, who Khloé said were Andrea's "entire world." She jokingly noted that Andrea would probably yell, "who does that" if she could witness their family's reaction to her loss.

The Kardashians star ended her touching tribute with scripture and expressed her love for Andrea. "So with you: Now is your time of grief, but I will see you again, and you will rejoice, and no one will take away your joy." John 16:22 I love you 🤍 I love you 🤍 I love you," she wrote.

January 14, 2023: Khloé Attends Tristan's Mother's Funeral

Over the weekend, Khloé Kardashian flew to Toronto to attend the funeral services for Tristan Thompson's mother, Andrea, who died suddenly after suffering from a heart attack on January 5. Khloe was joined by her sister, Kim Kardashian, who was photographed in pics obtained by TMZ, and their mother, Kris Jenner.

According to the outlet, Andrea was rushed to the hospital after she went into cardiac arrest. Doctors tried to revive her, but she ultimately passed away. Tristan flew out to Toronto almost immediately after receiving the news of his mother's death, and Khloé went with him.

A source told E! News that Khloé joined Tristan to "comfort and help him navigate what will be a very difficult time." The source also opened up about Khloe's relationship with Tristan's mother and how her family plans to support Tristan. "She was incredibly close to his mother, and like Khloé and the Kardashian family always do, they will come together and support their loved ones in their most difficult time of need," the source added. "Tristan is the father of Khloé's kids, and she and her entire family will always be there for him."

December 26, 2022: Khloé Posts Christmas Photos of Baby Thompson on IG

Happy holidays from Khloé, True, and BB Thompson! The happy family posted a super glam and *adorable*​ photo to the 'gram showing off their Christmas party styles. True and Khloé wore coordinating "Mommy and me" red satin dresses, while her son wore a cozy black set.

December 15, 2022: Khloé Gives an Update on Her Relationship with Tristan

Khloé tells all. In a video posted on December 15, the reality star and her sister, Kourtney Kardashian, take a lie detector test for Vanity Fair. Khloé was in the hot seat first, and answered all sorts of juicy questions, from whether or not she liked Kourtney’s wedding dress to if she’d ever let True sleepover at the Kardashian-Barker house. After all of questions were asked, Kourt asked Khlo if she’d like her to inquire about anything else, to dispel any rumors.

“Oh! Are you sleeping with Tristan?,” Kourtney then asked, to which Khloé promptly replied, “No, I am not. I’m really not.” The polygraph examiner confirmed that Khloé was telling the truth.

“I would die if it said I was,” Khloé said.

November 1, 2022: Khloé Posts Her First Photo of Her Baby Boy

And omg, he's such a smush 🥺 Khloé took to Instagram to show off the cutest photo of True, dressed as Piglet from Winnie the Pooh, adorably holding her baby brother in a fuzzy Tigger onesie. The baby's face wasn't revealed in the photo, but his mom did include an adorable shot of a tiny pair of baby Nike sneaks that he was wearing.

Amidst the speculation and controversy surrounding the surrogate birth of Khloé's second child, the reality TV star hadn't posted photos of her newborn son until now. Nor has she revealed the baby's name, either, although she did share on The Kardashians that his name is going to start with a T. "I mean, that’s really the only names I’ve been looking at,” she explained.

October 31, 2022: Khloé and Tristan Have Not Reunited After They Were Spotted Together On Halloween

Khloé and Tristan have been through a lot over the course of their relationship. Despite the ups and downs of their on-again, off-again relationship, the duo remains committed to co-parenting their two children.

North West shared a video from a Halloween party hosted by her mom, Kim Kardashian, and Khloe and Tristan were spotted together in the clip with their daughter True. While rumors of a possible reconciliation soon surfaced, sources close to the former couple confirmed to TMZ that they haven't gotten back together. A source revealed that Tristan is not involved with Khloé in any romantic capacity and that he only attended to support his two children. The source also revealed while it’s unlikely that Khloé and Tristan will get back together, they're in a really good place. Khloé reportedly plans to include Tristan in her family's holiday activities without drama.

October 27, 2022: Khloé Says She's Not Having Anymore Kids After Welcoming Son With Tristan

The Kardashian-Thompson crew is complete...in Khloé's mind at least.

During an appearance on The Kelly Clarkson Show on October 27, the Good American co-founder revealed she's done having children. The news comes just two months after she welcomed her second baby, a son, with ex Tristan via surrogate."I have one of both, and I think I'm good, shop is closed," Kardashian said of having a daughter and a son.

Khloé also discussed how different her pregnancy experiences were with each child, as she carried daughter True Thompson, but went with surrogacy to have her son.

"I had reasons why I couldn't carry my second," she said, calling surrogacy "such a blessing." Kardashian added that her big sister Kim Kardashian's experiences with surrogacy gave her the confidence to go that route for her second child, but she still found the process to be difficult.

"For me, I'm such a control freak. You're a stranger, I just have to trust you?" she explained. "I love my surrogate, she was amazing, but I'm still like, 'I need you sitting next to me all the time. I need to know what you're doing. What are you eating?'"

October 6, 2022: Khloé Explains Why She Won't Hold a Grudge Against Tristan

Khloé is officially moving on. The reality star opened up about how she's managed to maintain such a positive and optimistic outlook after the turmoil she experienced throughout her on-again, off-again relationship with Tristan. During the most recent episode of Hulu's The Kardashians, Khloé said, "It's probably, maybe, practice." The Good American mogul added, "I think a lot of people maybe forget that I've been through a lot of BS. My ex-husband [Lamar Odom], when we were married, definitely had a very public drug problem and was found in a brothel, and there was a lot of things that probably aren't forgivable, and I'm still able to forgive him and move on and want the best for him." According to Khloé, she plans to keep the same energy with Tristan. "It only hurts me by holding onto all this stuff, so let it go," Khloé said. "Let go and let God."

September 30, 2022: Khloé and Tristan Are “Not on Speaking Terms”

It’s been about two month since Khloé and Tristan welcomed their second child via surrogate, and one KarJenner insider told E! News that their current relationship is strictly about being co-parents.

“They are currently not on speaking terms,” the source shared with the outlet. When they do communicate, it’s “coordinating for the kids.” This update follows the news that back in 2021, Khlo and Tristan were engaged for nine months. Their engagement ended around the time that Tristan’s paternity scandal hit the headlines, and as we see it currently play out on The Kardashians season 2, the couple was officially off-again.

September 30, 2022: Khloé Was Secretly Engaged to Tristan for 9 Months After Rejecting First Proposal

According to People, the proposal Khloé had initially turned down occurred in December 2019. An anonymous source told the publication that the on-again, off-again couple had rekindled "despite lingering concerns about Tristan's infidelity." The basketball player had proposed to Khloé a second time around February 2021, and she accepted.

People reports that Khloé's sister, Kim, alluded to the "squishy timeline" of Tristan's proposals in the latest episode of The Kardashians. "I'll never forget Tristan calling me and he was gonna propose to her on Valentine's Day, which was a year since they had drama so this was last Valentine's Day," she said. "And then I called him the day after and I was like, 'Hey, I never heard anything from Khloé. Oh my god, did you propose?' and he was like, 'Oh yeah, I did in December.' Oh my God, she didn't tell us!"

September 29, 2022: Khloé Reveals That Tristan Proposed... and She Turned Him Down

On the most recent episode of , Khloé revealed that Tristan proposed to her back in December 2020. Not only did she turn him down, but she never told anyone until much, much later.

“The fact that he proposed and you never told us, and I asked him months later,” Kim pointedly explained, as she recalled the NBA player telling her, "Oh, I did it months ago. She didn’t tell you guys?"

If you've been tracking with Khloé and Tristan's timeline for a while now, you might have connected the dots and realized that his pregnancy scandal with Maralee Nichols happened around the exact same time as his secret proposal to Khloé. And if you're wondering why Tristan was rejected, it was because Khloé didn't feel "proud" to be receiving his offer.

“I need to make sure this is a totally different relationship because I want to be proud to say I’m engaged to anyone and that’s why I said I’m not comfortable accepting this right now because I’m not excited to tell my family," she confessed. “As hurtful as that probably was for him to hear it was the truth. I’m not ever gonna accept something and give someone false hope.”

September 22, 2022: Khloé Kardashian Reveals Baby No. 2 on The Kardashians

The premiere of The Kardashians came through with plenty of Khloé/Tristan/baby drama, with the season picking up right where we left off. What no one (including the sisters) knew at the time was that Khloé and Tristan had already gone through with embryo transfer to have a second baby via surrogacy when the news of Tristan's child with another woman came out.

Through the emotional episode, the KarJenners rallied behind Khloé, helping her prepare for the new addition with a baby shower. But some of the sisters couldn't help but comment on the situation, with Kylie Jenner slamming Khloé's baby daddy.

In a confessional, Kylie said, "I'm just really disappointed in Tristan. I think it's really f--ked up that he knew he had another baby on the way with somebody else, which makes me uncomfortable to put someone in that position, especially when there's a child involved."

She added, "This was just really unforgivable in my books."

The drama did have a happy ending, with the new mom of two FaceTiming friends and family from the hospital following her son's birth. "Ever since December, it's been this dark cloud looming over me. Every single day, I've been feeling depressed and sad, and now that my son is here, I get to move on, and I get to enjoy. It's almost like I get to close that chapter and be done with this trauma and put it behind me," she said.

"Now I finally get to start the healing process. Now I get to start enjoying my life with two kids in it and figuring this out. This is gonna be day one, and this is gonna be the start of something positive, and happy and beautiful."

HULU

September 11, 2022: Khloé and Tristan Risk a Run-In at Beyoncé's Birthday Party

Awk! Tristan and Khloé both attended Bey's star-studded 41st birthday festivities, along with Lizzo, MGK and Megan Fox, Lily-Rose Depp, and plenty of other A-List celebs.

It's unclear whether the exes and co-parents attended the party together or not, but they did arrive and leave the disco-themed party separately. Tristan looked unbothered by the paparazzi in an unbuttoned yellow printed shirt and black sunglasses, while Khloé hid her face behind voluminous '70s waves and blocked the paparazzi's view with a glittering purse that matched her sparkly, disco-ready ensemble. It's awkward, but we, too, would do anything for Beyoncé — including going to a party with an ex.

August 30, 2022: Khloé Speaks About Baby No. 2 With Tristan Thompson

It's been three weeks since Khloé welcomed a son with Tristan via surrogate, and The Kardashians star is ready to speak about her experience with motherhood amid the drama with her baby daddy.

When asked in an interview with ELLE how she's doing "as a mom of two," Khloe said, "I know it's cliché, but I love everything, even the hard parts."

She said her kids "challenge me as a person," and that "being able to shape little people into really incredible big people is an honor and a gift."

Khloe continued, "We have to take those roles seriously, especially in today's day and age, with how much accessibility children have and the information they're exposed to so young. It's super scary, but I take my job very seriously. I love it so much."

August 27, 2022: Malika Haqq Says Khloé Is Doing “About as Well as You Could Expect”

It’s been almost one month since news broke that Khloé and Tristan welcomed a son via surrogate, and during an appearance on the , Khlo’s bestie Malika Haqq gave some insight into how the reality star is getting along.

“I think she’s doing about as well as you could expect for someone in her circumstances,” she told host Carlos King, per People.

Malika continued to say that Khloé is “not the first woman to ever endure adversity in a relationship or be forgiving... but there are some glory times that are really meant to just be glory times. And some of that has been stripped from her, and it’s sad, but she really is one of the strongest people I know.”

“She’s got a good head on her shoulders. Faith is something else, and she’s got a great deal of it. I'll tell you that much. ’Cause this ain’t easy,” she added. “It’s not easy for me to watch, so I know it’s not easy for her.”

August 11, 2022: Sources Reveal Khloé and Tristan's Custody Agreement

According to an insider who spoke exclusively to Hollywood Life, Khloé and Tristan have already figured out how they want to co-parent their brand new son who is only days old.

“Khloé and Tristan have agreed that Khloé will have sole legal and physical custody of their baby full time. However, Tristan is so excited to have welcomed a son because he really wanted another boy. Even though Khloé will have full custody of the baby, she’s more than happy for Tristan to be present in their child’s life as much as he wants,” the source revealed.

They continued, telling Hollywood Life that Khloé was in the hospital while the surrogate gave birth while Tristan was with True at a gymnastic center in Los Angeles. "Khloé isn’t worried whether or not Tristan decides to be there for his baby, because she has a village of support around her. But Tristan has definitely taken an interest in being a very present father to his son and couldn’t be happier for the baby," the insider shared.

Tristan took to Instagram to share a cryptic message in response to the custody news. He posted a photo of himself, writing "I never switched sides, I switched lanes. I got wiser and realize we aren't all built the same 🗣🗣👀 #DontTryMe" in the caption. Interesting — wonder what he's referring to? Tristan, our DMs are open if you want to give us some context clues...

August 7, 2022: Khloé and Tristan Welcome Their Son

True is officially a big sister. People announced that Khloé Kardashian and Tristan Thompson welcomed their second child together via a surrogate. The former couple (who are focused on co-parenting) have yet to confirm the arrival of their baby boy publicly or announce what his name is.

As reports of Khloé and Tristan's new addition circulated online, news of Kim Kardashian's breakup with Pete Davidson surfaced as well.

July 24, 2022: Tristan and Khloé Post Cryptic Messages on Instagram

The couple is back at it with the mind games, and we have a front-row seat — Tristan Thompson took to Instagram Stories to share a message that seemed to be a subtle dig at his baby momma. “1. Nothing is promised to you. 2. No one owes you anything. 3. You have all responsibility in your life,” the graphic read. “Understand these three rules as early as possible and realize that independence is the way forward.”

@realtristan13 on Instagram

At almost the exact same time, Khloé shared a long message on her IG stories that had fans wondering what was happening behind the scenes with the on-and-off pair. “Be thankful that you don't already have everything you desire...If you did, what would there be to look forward to. Be thankful when you don't know something...For it gives you the opportunity to learn. Be thankful for the difficult times. During those times you grow. Be thankful for your limitations. Because they give you opportunities for improvement,” the reality star wrote.

@khloekardashian on Instagram

"It is easy to be thankful for the good things," the two-part message continued. "A life of rich fulfillment comes to those who are also thankful for the setbacks. GRATITUDE can turn a negative into a positive. Find a way to be thankful for your troubles and they can become your blessings."

Oof. We hope you’re figuring things out offline, Khloé and Tristan!

July 20, 2022: Khloé and Tristan's Daughter True Is "Excited" To Become a Big Sister

Khloé and Tristan are expecting their second child together, and their four-year-old daughter True couldn't be more "excited." A source close to the couple told Entertainment Tonight, "True is so beyond thrilled about becoming a big sister." According to the source, True "has been asking for a sibling for a long time and is so excited." Aww!

July 19, 2022: Khloé Likes an Instagram Post Supporting Tristan

Does Khloé approve of Tristan’s other woman? The reality star is seemingly okay following the video of her baby daddy in Greece with a mystery brunette — in fact, Khloé double-tapped a post from a fan account defending her ex’s actions.

@Kardashiansocial posted the video of Tristan with an unnamed woman in Mykonos that had Kardashian fans shook, captioning it in his defense. “To everyone that’s freaking out about this video of Tristan in Greece with another girl, Khloe and Tristan are both single and according to the statement from Khloe’s rep, they haven’t spoken since December besides coparenting so I don’t know why it would be crazy for Tristan to be with another girl as long as he’s a good dad to his baby which we don’t know when Khloe’s surrogate is due,” writes the fan account.

We don’t know exactly what Khloé’s intentions were when she liked that post, although she seems to be fine with her ex’s newest fling. The reality star hasn’t publicly commented on the situation, choosing instead to share a sweet snap of herself and her daughter, True, on Instagram. “Me and my best girl making the best memories. I will forever have your back my angel girl 🤍,” she wrote.

July 17, 2022: Tristan Holds Hands With a New Woman

Days after reports confirmed that Tristan Thompson and Khloé Kardashian were expecting their second child together, a son to be born via a surrogate, the NBA star was spotted holding hands with another woman. TMZ obtained footage of Tristan walking hand-in-hand with a mystery woman in Mykonos, Greece, around 5 AM on Sunday morning. According to the outlet, this wasn't the first night Tristan enjoyed female company during his vacation. On Friday, Tristan reportedly partied at club Bonbonniere, where video footage captured the expectant father surrounded by several women.

July 14, 2022: Khloé and Tristan Will Co-Parent Their New Baby

More details are coming out about Khloé Kardashian and Tristan Thompson's plans for raising their unborn child, who will be delivered via surrogate. According to People, Khloé wants Tristan "as involved as possible." A source told the outlet, "Just like they do with True, Khloé will co-parent the baby with Tristan."

While the former couple is no longer dating, Khloé "doesn't see herself as a single mom." The insider revealed that the Good American founder "feels very lucky" to have a "great support system with a lot of help."

July 13, 2022: Khloé and Tristan Are Having A Baby Boy Together via Surrogate

It looks like True is going to be a big sister! According to a report by TMZ, the on-again, off-again couple is having a second baby together via surrogate. Multiple sources told the outlet that their baby is on the way if it hasn't "already been born in the last day or so." A source also revealed to Page Six that Khloé and Tristan's second child is a boy.

One of Khloé's reps confirmed to Entertainment Tonight that the baby was conceived in November 2021. "Khloé is incredibly grateful to the extraordinary surrogate for such a beautiful blessing. We'd like to ask for kindness and privacy so that Khloé can focus on her family," the rep said. Based on the timing of the surrogate's pregnancy, it seems that Khloé and Tristan decided to go for baby #2 before their most recent breakup and latest cheating allegations that closed out the first season of Hulu's The Kardashians.

Related Story How Khloé and Tristan's Baby News Was Leaked

"The two have long said they wanted True to have a sibling, and Khloé even told her family she'd do it without Tristan if she needed to," an anonymous source told ET. "However, when the two were on good terms they decided to move forward with surrogacy near the end of last year, and then Tristan was caught cheating. The two aren't together and Khloé will have the baby full time, but Khloé wants Tristan in both the kids' lives as much as he wants to be."

Another anonymous source told the outlet that outside of co-parenting True, Khloé and Tristan have not spoken since December.

July 8, 2022: TikTok Catches Khloé Thanking Tristan for Birthday Flowers in a Deleted Instagram Story

A savvy TikTok user just caught the most recent turn of events in the long saga that is Tristan and Khloé’s relationship — apparently, the NBA player sent his ex (and baby mama) a birthday flower arrangement that she thanked him for on Instagram…before promptly deleting the tag.

Hannah Kosh (@hannahkosh) posted a screenshot of Khloé’s now-deleted Instagram story of pink peonies on a dining table with the words “Thank you,” zooming in on Tristan’s Instagram username tagged in the corner of the post. The photo was later reuploaded sans Tristan’s tag.

“Girl pleasee i can’t keep defending her” wrote one TikTok user. Another commented, “if this woman don’t let this man GO.” So, was that a purposeful ~move~ to show Tristan she was removing his tag, or did we witness some real time posting regret? We may never know...

@khloekardashian on Instagram

June 19, 2022: Khloé Addresses Paparazzi Photos of Her and Tristan

Over the weekend, paparazzi photos of Khloé, Tristan, and True circulated around the Internet — the first public photos of the exes since Tristan's paternity scandal in early January. Per Page Six, the images show the three exiting a restaurant with momager Kris Jenner, presumably following True's dance recital, which Khloé posted about on Instagram.

According to the published photos, it appears that the four shared an intimate lunch together, but Khloé quickly set the record straight on Instagram. Under a post about the outing on a fan account, the reality star commented, "Hummmm Very calculated of the paparazzi to not release photos of my other sisters and the fathers of their children Kim/Kanye Kylie/Trav." The account @commentsbycelebs also captured Khloé's response.

Instagram

She also took to the social media app to address rumors about her dating life, which also started to spread over the weekend. In a post from another fan account, a screenshot from DeuxMoi speculates that Khloé has moved on and is dating an NBA player. However, she shut all the rumors down in the comments. "Definitely NOT True !!! I love you! Thank you for the nice wishes but I am not seeing a soul," she wrote. "I am happy focusing on my daughter and myself for awhile."

June 16, 2022: Khloé Reacts to News of Tristan’s Paternity Scandal On The Kardashians

Khloé Kardashian spoke out about how she discovered that her on-again, off-again boyfriend of nearly five years, Tristan Thompson, fathered a child with Maralee Nichols while they were together. "I find out what Tristan is doing with the rest of the world," the Good American creator said. "A courtesy would be not doing it, but fine if you do it, you're not even going to give me a f*cking heads up before the rest of the world? It's just an additional slap in my face. It's humiliating. I'm embarrassed."

Clips of the couple and their 4-year-old daughter True emerged on the screen as Khloé said, "I'm replaying every event, every grand gesture, every trip, every date, every whatever. All of that was a lie." "When things happen to you a couple of times, you do kind of become immune to them, which is really sad."

Khloé later revealed Tristan's plans to move in with her and their daughter. "This house was supposed to be mine and Tristan and True's home that we were supposed to have our family in." It's really disappointing, and it's heartbreaking." "I wanted to believe that Tristan could change. I wanted to trust him and to believe that True and I were worth him changing for, but that's just life. Things just don't always go the way that we hope and plan."

May 9, 2022: "The Kardashians" Executive Producer Details Moment Khloé Discovered Tristan's Paternity Scandal

The Kardashians on Hulu is five episodes in and we've already witnessed some major moments unfold in the Kar-Jenner's lives. Kim hosted SNL, Kravis got engaged, Kendall and Scott get into an explosive fight — the list goes on, and it appears there is certainly more to come.

Ahead of the show's fifth episode debut, executive producer Danielle King spoke to US Weekly about what exactly was going on behind the scenes during filming. And it turns out, cameras were rolling when Khloé discovered that Tristan had fathered a child with Maralee Nichols.

"Well for that particular moment, my crew was there. We were there to film something else early in the morning and the morning that news broke, we legitimately just happened to be there. We have that moment on camera," she revealed. "And I know sometimes it's tough for the audience to kind of grasp like 'Oh, did they go back and did they capture this?' But there were so many moments that we genuinely captured just because we're almost always there. There's almost always a camera going."

"Our story goes in a completely different direction sometimes," she continued. "We might be going there to shoot one thing, and then I'm usually like 'Oh OK, I didn't see this coming but here we go.'"

The EP didn't disclose the specific episode that we see this heartbreaking scene unfold, but we do know that Tristan confessed that he had a child with Maralee in January, and The Kardashians is currently airing the events that happened around Thanksgiving. So, it's likely it'll occur in a couple more episodes.

May 8, 2022: Tristan Sends Kris Jenner Mother's Day Flowers

Khloé and Tristan are done for good — as the reality star confirmed last month — but it appears the NBA player still keeps close with his ex's family. On Sunday, May 8, Tristan sent a pink-and-white arrangement of roses to Kardashian matriarch Kris Jenner for Mother's Day. The momager uploaded a snap of the colorful bouquet on her Instagram Story, tagging and thanking Tristan. "Thank you @realtristan13!!! Love you 💖," she wrote.

Instagram

.

Despite their split, Khloé and Tristan continue to co-parent their four-year-old daughter True. In her interview with ABC's Robin Roberts in April, Khloé shared, "I still think he's a great guy, and he's a great dad. He's just not the guy for me."

April 6, 2022: Khloé opens us about her relationship with Tristan

Khloé Kardashian is officially moving on after her relationship with NBA star Tristan Thompson. The Good American mogul appeared in an interview with Robin Roberts, where she opened up about how her relationship began with Tristan, what made her look past his initial infidelity, and where she stands with him now. The Sacramento Kings star was involved in multiple cheating scandals and fathered a son with another woman while he was dating Khloé.



"With Tristan, I did feel incredibly safe in the beginning and I felt really good for a time," she began. "I remember when he cheated on me right before I gave birth and I was able to still have him in the delivery room," she explained. "So yes, it might have looked strange to the outside world, but when my daughter watches my home videos, those videos are going to be as pure and perfect as I was able to make them."

The on-again-off-again couple managed to work through serious challenges in the past, but Khloé admitted that romantically, they're over for good. "I still think he's a great guy, and he's a great dad. He's just not the guy for me."

She also discussed what she and the rest of her siblings are looking for in their future partners and relationships. "I think at the end of the day, all of us aspire to have blissfulness," Khloé said. "We want to feel happy, we want to feel safe."

March 9, 2022: Khloé gives her first interview since Tristan's paternity scandal

It's been a little over two months since Tristan Thompson admitted that he fathered a child with Maralee Nichols. Now, in a new interview profile with Variety, Khloé has opened up for the very first time about the cheating scandal — and confirmed that she will address the painful situation in the Kar-Jenner's new Hulu series, The Kardashians.

"I wish I never had to talk about that because it’s not a fun thing to talk about," Khloé shared. "But it is part of my journey in life, so we will see it on the show."



February 8, 2022: Tristan shares an adorable post with True

Tristan Thompson recently spent quality time with his three-year-old daughter, True. The daddy-daughter duo was all smiles as Tristan sat True in his lap in an adorable photo he shared to his Instagram Story. The NBA star kept things short and sweet, simply adding two red heart emojis to the pic.

Instagram

January 21, 2022: Tristan makes a post about facing "demons"

Tristan Thompson took to social media with a cryptic message. The Sacramento Kings star opened up about facing "demons" after a DNA test confirmed that he fathered his third child while he was publicly dating Khloé Kardashian.

"Sometimes you don't realize your own strength until you face your greatest weakness," he wrote on his Instagram Story. "Hide from your demons and they'll slowly destroy your potential. Face them and they can potentially become your greatest asset."

Tristan Thompson // Instagram

January 19, 2022: Khloé's family is reportedly helping her get through Tristan's cheating scandal

Khloé Kardashian is reportedly leaning on her mother Kris Jenner for support after Tristan Thompson was proven to have fathered a child while they were publicly dating. According to People, the reality star is having a "tough time accepting the paternity drama."

A source claims, "Khloé is really struggling with what's happening with Tristan." Her mother has been a source of strength during her tough time. "She's leaning heavily on Kris all of the time. But Kris wants Khloé and Tristan to be in a good place so she's encouraging Khloé to keep the lines of communication open."

The source claims the reality star is "so upset" because she "wanted the fairytale life" with the NBA baller. "People around her have never seen her so down and are so thankful she has her mother there who has barely left her side," the source said.

January 12, 2022: Sources share where Khloé and Tristan stand following paternity confession

Khloé Kardashian has yet to publicly address Tristan Thompson's apology for fathering a child with Maralee Nichols while they were rumored to have still been dating. According to Page Six, the reality star is "taking the high road," and privatively let Tristan "know she appreciated the message."

A source told the outlet, "While she will never, ever get back with him, Khloé really wants Tristan to be a good father to [their daughter] True, and for him to be a big part of their daughter's life."

The source revealed that Khloé's priority is making sure True "has a good relationship with her dad... So for that reason, Khloé is not going to fight with Tristan or block him from the family."



January 3, 2022: Tristan Thompson confirms he fathered a child while dating Khloe Kardashian

Tristan Thompson is officially a new dad. The NBA star took to his Instagram Story, where he confirmed that he is indeed the father of a son with Maralee Nichols. Along with admitting paternity, Tristan took "full responsibility" for his actions and apologized to his ex-girlfriend, Khloe Kardashian, who he was reportedly dating at the time his son was conceived.

"Today, paternity test results reveal that I fathered a child with Maralee Nichols," the Sacramento Kings center-forward wrote. "I take full responsibility for my actions. Now that paternity has been established I look forward to amicably raising our son."

He continued with a message for those hurt by his actions. "I sincerely apologize to everyone I've hurt or disappointed throughout this ordeal both publicly and privately."

Tristan Thompson // Instagram

Tristan followed up with a separate post to Khloé writing, 'You don't deserve this. You don't deserve the heartache and humiliation I have caused you. You don't deserve the way I have treated you over the years." He added, "My actions certainly have not lined up with the way I view you. I have the utmost respect and love for you. Regardless of what you may think. Again, I am so incredibly sorry."

Tristan Thompson // Instagram

Khloé has yet to speak out following news of Tristan's new son.

December 17, 2021: Maralee Nichols makes her first public statement after her paternity suit against Tristan Thompson goes public

Maralee Nichols has come forward amid reports of her paternity suit against Tristan Thompson. She provided a statement to E! News to address the "fake stories," "unflattering photos," and incorrect reports about her occupation and age.

"There have been multiple fake Instagram posts claiming to be me, making false statements and attaching stock photos of a sonogram and a child (neither mine)," she told E! News.

Maralee, who said she met Tristan during a party at his Encino, California, home in 2020, continued, "These are the facts: I have lived in California since 2019. I am not a personal trainer. I have not worked as a personal trainer for four years; I do fitness modeling. I was never a personal trainer for Tristan."

She revealed that she saw the NBA star on his Birthday and "agreed to meet him in Houston at a private party on March 12." The fitness model claims she and Tristan spent "many nights" together after his birthday and she even visited him in Boston. Maralee says she discovered she was pregnant and told Tristan the news when he flew her to North Carolina to see him at the end of April.

Maralee claims she did "everything possible" to stay out of the media during her pregnancy. According to the new mother, "Tristan filed a paternity action in Texas after I filed my paternity action in Los Angeles." She also addressed concerns over child support. "I did not file any request for child support before our child was born. The case that Tristan brought against me was dismissed on December 15, 2021."

She also opened up about her delivery and her plans going forward. "I was induced on November 29, 2021, because I had a placenta abnormality," she said. "There is no other medical reason why I needed to be induced. I gave birth on December 1, 2021. Instead of focusing on any negativity, I am choosing to embrace being a mother and doing the best I can for my son. I do not want any further media attention, nor do I want a romantic relationship with Tristan. My goal is to raise our son in a safe, healthy, loving, and private environment."

December 16, 2021: Paternity documents claim Tristan admitted to having a relationship with the woman accusing him of fathering her child

New details have emerged in Tristan Thompson's ongoing paternity suit with Maralee Nichols. According to court documents obtained by the Daily Mail, Tristan reportedly admitted to having a "sporadic" relationship with Maralee.

According to the court docs, Tristan "was very cautious" and "did not foresee that" he would have any type of relationship with Maralee after meeting her in late November or early December 2020. Tristan denied having sex with Maralee in California at that time, but he reportedly confirmed that the "only" possible date of conception for Maralee's child is March 13, 2021, which is his birthday. Per the docs, Maralee claims the child was conceived in April.

According to the docs, Tristan said, "We did not have any dates in the traditional sense at any time; there were no dining at restaurants, going to movies, traveling or any other indicia of a normalized relationship."

He later admitted that he and Maralee would discuss "where" and "what time" they would hook up on Snapchat, but denied sending the viral screenshots of a conversation where he was accused of saying that he would be unable to pay an extreme amount of child support because he'd be retiring from the NBA soon.



December 10, 2021: Khloé and Tristan are officially over

Khloé Kardashian and Tristan Thompson are reportedly "focused on co-parenting True" amid reports that the NBA star welcomed his third child with another woman. According to People, "Khloé is moving on." The former couple has allegedly been "broken up for a while and things are okay between them."

The source said that Khloe remained in a relationship with Tristan "because she always believed he would change," especially since they spent the COVID-19 lockdown together. together.

Details about Tristan's ongoing paternity lawsuit with Maralee Nichols have been sealed. According to PageSix, the filing no longer be found online. The records are reportedly listed as "currently confidential or this case has been sealed." The findings come days after Tristan reportedly filed a gag order to stop Maralee from engaging with the media about their case.

December 2, 2021: Khloé makes a cryptic post after Tristan is accused of fathering a child while they were together

Khloé took to her Instagram Story amid reports that Tristan Thompson was allegedly expecting his third child with Maralee Nichols. According to screenshots obtained by Life and Style, the reality star reposted a quote from Girl Unfiltered that read, "I just don't have time for negative energy, and even when I do, I still don't."

She reportedly followed up with another IG Story quote that read, "You are currently living at least one of the prayers you used to pray."

According to court docs obtained by The Daily Mail, Maralee's relationship began before the NBA star's 30th birthday in March and continued throughout her pregnancy. Tristan has reportedly requested a paternity test.

Maralee gave birth to a baby boy on Wednesday, December 1.

August 16, 2021: Khloé and Tristan are reportedly dating again

About two months after their most recent split, rumors started circulating that Khloé and Tristan were giving things yet another go. As always, many had opinions on the reported news, and one person took to Twitter to voice how they felt about the alleged rekindling.

"At this point @khloekardashian has no self worth. Anyway...," @_Rutie wrote on Twitter in response to a headline from the Mirror about Khloé and Tristan reportedly getting back together.

Khloé, though, wouldn't stand for the hate, and she responded to the tweet immediately. "You’re telling me you made an assessment about my life because of a random blog?" she said. "I think that says more about you than it does about me."

Meanwhile, since the original tweet, E! News has reported that Khloé and Tristan are not back together, despite reports. "They are telling people they aren't back together, but have been hanging out pretty often with True," a source said. Apparently, "she wants him around and they talk every day" and, despite everything, "Khloe has forgiven him for what he's done and would rather just be on good terms with him."

July 8, 2021: Tristan replied to one of Khloé's steamy Instagram posts

Despite reports that Tristan and Khloé are currently not together due to yet another cheating scandal, Tristan has proven that he's not immune to Khloé's good looks. The basketball star just left a very thirsty comment on Khloé's Instagram of her in a tight blue dress on the beach.

Tristan kept things simple, commenting with three heart-eye emojis on the pic. Fans, though, were not too happy about this.

"LEAVE HER ALONE!!!!!" one person commented. "Give her the peace she deserves," added another.

Instagram

Apparently, we shouldn't be too surprised by Tristan's comment. According to People, "Tristan's still trying to get Khloé back. He hasn't given up and he doesn't think the door is closed." Khloé, meanwhile, is reportedly "extremely disappointed in how things have played out with Tristan." So, we will just have to wait and see where they go from here.

June 27, 2021: Tristan celebrates Khloé's birthday on Instagram

Tristan took to Instagram to wish Khloé a happy birthday less than a week after news of their reported split. The basketball player shared three photos with Khloé alongside a heartfelt caption.

"Happy birthday @khloekardashian," Tristan wrote. "Thank you for being not just an amazing partner, mommy and best friend but also being the kindest, caring and most loving human being I’ve ever met. Your love and spirit is contagious to all who’ve met you. Thank you for always being there for me and putting our family first. I love you so much. Have an amazing day. ❤️❤️"

Khloé did not like, comment, or repost Tristan's tribute, despite doing so for many of her other friends and family members who shared photos and messages on Instagram for Khloé's birthday.

While E! News previously reported on the pair's breakup, according to Us Weekly, "Khloe still loves Tristan and would take him back in a heartbeat." That apparently is "not happening any time soon," however. According to a source, they went from spending 24/7 together to breaking up and Khloé's currently working on the "transition into being friendly co-parents" and she's trying to "separate her emotions from him."

June 21, 2021: Khloé and Tristan have reportedly broken up again

Khloé and Tristan have reportedly broken up once again. According to E! News, Tristan has lost all of Khloé's trust, and "the relationship could not be repaired." A source told the site, "Khloe really tried, but ultimately, felt too betrayed by him. She's done and says she will not go back."

The news of their breakup comes after Tristan was reportedly seen entering a bedroom with three women at a party in LA. Eyewitnesses told E!, "He seemed like he was in a great mood and wanted to party. He was drinking and was partying into the early hours of the morning." He was apparently telling people he was single.

According to Entertainment Tonight, Khloé and Tristan ended things a few weeks ago, but they will continue to co-parent their daughter True together. "The two are on good terms and at the end of the day, Khloe just wants True to have a good relationship with her father," a source said.

March 13, 2021: Khloé says she's back with Tristan

Over two years after the cheating scandal that was heard around the world, Khloé has confirmed that she is back with Tristan and they're "even stronger than they were before." In an Instagram post for Tristan's 30th birthday, Khloé opened up a little bit about the pair's relationship.

"The ones that are meant to be are the ones who go through everything that is designed to tear them apart and they come out even stronger than they were before," she said, alongside photos with Tristan and their daughter, True. Apparently, Tristan was able to gain Khloé's trust back. "Thank you for showing me everything you said you would," she wrote. "I'm thankful that I can do absolutely nothing with you and it feels like everything."

Khloé ended the note, writing, "I hope you know today and every day how loved you are by me and so many."

February 21, 2021: Khloé sparks engagement rumors

Khloé sparked engagement rumors when she promoted her new line of Good American shoes with a sexy snap that features a massive diamond ring on *that* finger. After seeing the pic, the Internet started freaking out, assuming that this meant Khloé and Tristan were engaged.

When E! personality Morgan Stewart commented "ARE THEY" on the photo, Khloé fueled the engagement rumors even further by responding, "Yep they are." She later clarified, though, that she wasn't confirming engagement news.

"My reply was to the question 'are they,'" she wrote. "My reply is 'Yep they are'...Meaning yes the shoes are dropping on 2.25."

Instagram

According to Page Six, the ring isn't even from Tristan, and Khloé has actually been seen wearing it before. So, unfortunately, it seems like the post is not an engagement announcement.

There is some good news, however. A source recently told Entertainment Tonight that Khloé and Tristan are "stronger than ever" after everything they've been through. And even though Tristan is now in Boston, playing for the Boston Celtics, they are constantly in communication and Khloé has forgiven him for everything that has happened in the past.

"Khloe forgives Tristan at this point, but she will never forget," the source said. "They are back to being committed, are still in love and giving their relationship another chance and hoping that it will succeed this time around. Tristan has been paying extra attention to Khloe and True and has been calling, FaceTiming, texting, and sending photos all the time to check in when they are not physically together. He hasn’t been going out late at night with the boys or other girls."

So while this picture may not have been an engagement announcement, I think it's safe to say one may be coming very soon.



October 5, 2020: Khloé and Tristan are reportedly trying to have another baby

Not only is everything reportedly "great" in Khloé and Tristan's relationship right now, but according to People, they may be adding to their family very soon. "They are definitely planning their future together and can't wait to have another baby," a source shared.

Apparently, the pair has been living together for a while now. "Their focus is True and they keep doing fun family activities together," the source said. "Khloe really believes that things will continue to be great even after Tristan has to return to work. She is very impressed with how he has stepped up."

All I know is that True is the cutest and she is going to kill it as a big sis when the time comes.

August 28, 2020: Scott Disick confirms that Khloé and Tristan are back together on Instagram

We seemingly just got confirmation that Khloé and Tristan are officially back together. Khloé recently posted a steamy bikini pic and Scott Disick couldn't help but comment. "@Realtristan13 is a lucky man!" he wrote.

Of course, Scott is a pretty credible source when it comes to Khloé's relationship, so I think we can all agree that this means True's parents are back on.

August 5, 2020: Khloé and Tristan officially reconciled in June

It looks like forgiveness is all it took for this couple. Just a month after a report came out that Khloé was forgiving Tristan, People just revealed that they actually got back together in June.

"She loves having him around. He has the best relationship with True," the source told People. "And he has been amazing to Khloé too. They are very much together and Khloé is beyond happy."

Here's hoping the second time is the charm for them!

July 2, 2020: Khloé and Tristan are reportedly giving their relationship another try

After almost a year and a half apart, it seems like Khloé may be ready to forgive Tristan. The pair is reportedly, "giving their relationship another try." According to People, "Tristan is working hard to prove himself and has been a great dad to True."

Rumors of a reconciliation have been swirling ever since Khloé's 36th birthday. Not only was Tristan at the party, but they apparently "acted like were back together" while celebrating. Tristan also posted a sweet message for Khloé on Instagram in honor of her big day.

"I’m wise enough now to know, you came into my life to show me just what it means to be an incredible person," he wrote. "I appreciate how I am able to learn from and grow because of you. I thank God for the beautiful and loving woman you are to everyone, especially our daughter True. You deserve the world Koko! True and I love you mama. Happy Birthday @khloekardashian."

At her birthday party, Khloé snapped a pic with her BFF Malika Haqq. In the photo, which she later posted on Instagram, Khloé can be seen rocking a huge diamond ring on her left ring finger. This, of course, has led many to think that Khloé and Tristan are not only back together, but engaged.

According to E! News, though, while things are "going very well" for the couple, they are not engaged. Khloe is apparently "very happy with where things are right now," but she is taking things slow.

Once the quarantine is over, Tristan will be back on the road for basketball and this separation reportedly concerns Khloé. Though right now, "she isn't getting ahead of herself." She's simply "enjoying having [Tristan] around right now and all of the family time they have had together with True."

June 27, 2019: Tristan moves into Khloé's neighborhood

Though Khloé and Tristan may have broken up months ago, they are now closer than ever...literally, because Tristan just bought a house right outside of Khloé's neighborhood!

According to Us Weekly, the basketball player recently purchased a $6.5 million dollar mansion in Encino, California, which has seven bedrooms, eight baths, a pool, spa, AND an outdoor kitchen...wow.



The kicker? The new pad is just a 25-minute drive from his ex's house. Tristan assumedly bought the house due to its proximity to his 14-month-old daughter, but it's unclear what Khloé thinks about her ex's new location.

June 12, 2019: Khloé responds to claims that she started dating Tristan while he was still in a relationship with his then-pregnant girlfriend Jordan Craig

Khloé is not here to get dragged into Tristan Thompson's latest drama that includes ANOTHER cheating scandal. On her Instagram story, Khloé set the record straight when it came to the start of their relationship. Some fans had begun to question Tristan again when it was revealed that his ex-girlfriend said that she was cheated on when Tristan started to date Khloé.

"After going on some dates, Tristan told me that he had an ex that was pregnant. Obviously, I was reluctant about us continuing to date or start a relationship," she wrote. "He pleaded with me that the relationship was over long before we met."

She even revealed that she had his friends, lawyer, and mother say that he was no longer with his ex before she got with him.

"This is my truth! The truth that I believed and trusted. If for any reason this is NOT in fact the truth, I am so completely and utterly sorry that TRISTAN and his inner circle would lie on something like this," she wrote on another slide. "Truthfully, from the deepest parts of my soul I am sorry! I'm sorry for any pain that has been created either way. No woman deserves to go through anything like this!"

May 31, 2019: Khloé posts cryptic message on social media

Koko is known for getting cryptic on her Instagram account, so fans weren't necessarily shocked when she posted this seemingly shady post: "Your loyalty might have kept you in some situations that common sense should've talked you out of. That's just the kind of person you are." While we all know Khloe is loyal AF, we can't help but wonder who it is she's actually talking about. Is this post meant for Tristan Thompson and her old ex Lamar Odom?

Both guys cheated on her and, despite their infidelity, she stayed true to the very end. Fans are wondering, though, if this is actually all about Tristan. After all, she'll be re-living their breakup in Sunday's episode of Keeping Up with the Kardashians. Khloé debates her fealty to Tristan in a clip, saying "I don't feel like I have an answer. Like, okay, I'm going to be with Tristan forever, or I'm going to break up with him... I still feel like, god, when will I ever know?"

May 9, 2019: Khloé's drama with Jordyn Woods is aired on a new episode of KUWTK

The most awkward part of Keeping Up with The Kardashians is the fact that it rehashes drama that occurred months ago. It's even more awkward when things transpire between the event and the airing like say, Jordyn Woods kisses Khloé's boyfriend and then a video of Khloé praising the 21-year-old becomes completely cringeworthy. Well, get excited, because that's exactly what's going down on this week's ep of KUWTK!

In the episode, we see a party celebrating the launch of Kylie's cosmetic collab with her former BFF Jordyn. Everyone is in a great mood at the party, especially Khloé, who decides to say a few words. " And Jordyn, for you to be turning 21, I've known you forever, and I'm so proud of you and the woman you have grown into and you're growing into," Khloé says. "And to see you guys just stick together and be best friends through thick and thin, it's such a blessing. Congratulations on everything and this'll be a huge success!"

It's a sweet sentiment, of course, but awkward af considering everything that has gone down since. Well, just think. As hard as that speech is for us to watch, it must be one million times worse for Khloé.

April 16, 2019: Khloé reportedly ignored Tristan during True's birthday party

We've got more news from True's first birthday party, and considering the video that surfaced of Khloé straight up ignoring Tristan at the event (see below), it's pretty much what you would expect.

According to People, there "was never a question" as to whether Tristan would be invited or not, but she was still "nervous about having him there." Khloé even had to ask her family members, who are known for speaking their minds, to "behave and leave Tristan alone."

All in all, the party went well, probably because aside from a few pictures together with True, they "had very little interaction."

Despite their extremely rocky past, "it's super important to Khloé that True spends as much time with Tristan as possible," People's source said. Khloé wants True to have a great relationship with Tristan."

April 14, 2019: Khloé and Tristan celebrate True's first birthday together

Of course, Tristan was in attendance for his daughter's first birthday, but that doesn't mean Khloé had to give him the time of day. Women around the world cheered when Khloé hardcore gave her ex the cold shoulder at True's party, as documented on Instagram.

In the video, you can see that while Tristan is trying to get True, Khloé is too busy paying attention to literally everyone else. Khloé didn't get too petty, however. She did let Tristan have his moment with his daughter and hold her while they sang happy birthday.

It's good to see that things are amicable with them, but Khloé is still treating Tristan exactly how he deserves to be treated 💁🏻.



March 14, 2019: Reports surface about Tristan's role in True's life following his cheating allegations with Jordyn

Khloé and Tristan may no longer be together, but they will forever be connected thanks to baby True. Unfortunately, while Khloé is constantly showing her daughter lots of love, it seems like Tristan has been pretty hands-off ever since the breakup.

"Khloé is getting extremely upset with Tristan because he isn’t really making any effort to be involved in their daughter True’s life," a source told Us Weekly. While Khloé understands that Tristan has a busy schedule and is on the road a lot, she feels like he "has moved on" from True. According to the source, "Tristan’s attitude seems to be, ‘I will see True when I see her.’"

Obviously, Khloé is not happy about this, and with True's first birthday coming up, we will have to wait and see if Tristan is involved or not. While I'm sure Khloé wants True's father to be there, "she can't see how he can be around her family at a party, though. Everyone is just too upset with him," said People. I mean...can you blame them?

March 1, 2019: Khloé reacts to Jordyn's Red Table Talk interview

Following Jordyn's tell-all interview on Red Table Talk where she claimed that nothing happened between her and Tristan aside from a peck on her way out the door, Khloé took to Twitter to call her out.

"Why are you lying @jordynwoods ??" she wrote. "If you’re going to try and save yourself by going public, INSTEAD OF CALLING ME PRIVATELY TO APOLOGIZE FIRST, at least be HONEST about your story. BTW, You ARE the reason my family broke up!"

Obviously many were confused. Why was Khloé attacking Jordyn so publicly when Tristan was just as responsible (if not more if you believe Jordyn's side of the story). Well, Khloé had a response to that too.

"Tristan is equally to blame but Tristan is the father of my child," she said. "Regardless of what he does to me I won’t do that to my daughter. He has been addressing this situation PRIVATELY. If Tristan were to lie publicly about what conspired, then yes I would address him publicly as well."

It's unclear what Tristan's side of the story involves and why Khloé seems to be believing him over Jordyn. We will have to wait and hope that Jada Pinkett Smith sits down with the two of them next.

February 27, 2019: Khloé seemingly likes tweets about Jordyn Woods' decision to publicly address the alleged incident

While Khloé hasn't officially confirmed or denied the alleged cheating incident between Tristan and Jordyn, her social media activity speaks for itself. Two tweets that she "liked" on Twitter are extremely revealing, with one even seemingly confirming that the hook-up occurred.

Both tweets are in reference to Jordyn's upcoming appearance on the Facebook show Red Table Talk, where she will most likely discuss her side of what occurred. In a response to a tweet that said, "Jordyn deserves a win," one Twitter user wrote, "She slept with Khloé's baby daddy, and they haven't even publicly said ONE bad thing about her, just unfollowed her, so how is that the Kardashians fault? Jordyn smeared her OWN name!"

The other tweet that Khloé liked is in response to the video of Jordyn at the Red Table Talk studio. "I really don’t understand the point of this," @aussiedashdoll wrote. "There’s no way she can justify what she did."

Sources said that the Kardashian's aren't happy with Jordyn's decision to go on the talk show, especially because it means she will be breaking the NDA that prohibits her from talking about the famous fam. Khloé's liked tweets about the situation not only prove that the KarJenners are angry, but it also might prove that the still alleged cheating scandal did, in fact, occur.

This also comes as Tristan is reportedly "trying to make amends" with Khloé. "Tristan has been telling Khloé that he feels bad and that they have a kid together and that he disrespected her as the mother of his child," a source told People. Of course, this is the same guy who was apparently very indifferent when the scandal initially broke, according to Us Weekly, so it's hard to believe anything that guy says these days.

February 26, 2019: Khloé makes social media debut since news of Tristan reportedly hooking up with Jordyn Woods

Khloé made a bold statement when she posted some gorgeous pics on IG just a week after the news broke that Tristan allegedly cheated on her with Jordyn Woods. The photos featured her, Kourtney, and Kendall rocking some sexy outfits. Khloé herself was in a diamond bodysuit and, let me tell you, she looked fierce.

Well, apparently Tristan Thompson agreed that the pic was H-O-T, because he gave it a "like" on Insta, and obviously, people were NOT happy.

Then, things got even more interesting. When I went to go double-check that like (you know, journalistic integrity and whatnot), it was no longer there! Meaning Tristan took back is like! Which maybe even shadier than liking it to begin with.

Instagram

Very shady Mr. Thompson...But, then again, should we really expect anything else from him?

February 20, 2019: Tristan reportedly hooked up with Kylie Jenner's best friend Jordyn Woods

Get ready, 'cause it's been a wild couple of hours. After news that Tristan was up partying in L.A., new reports saying that he hooked up with Kylie Jenner's BFF, Jordyn Woods started to circulate on the internet.

While no one has outright confirmed that this is what really happened, Khloé seems to be hinting that it's all true. Tristan has reportedly admitted to the whole thing and it seems like things between him and Khloé are officially over.

Khloé has given Tristan plenty of chances, but this one has clearly gone too far for her to be able to forgive him.

A source told Us Weekly, "Tristan isn’t too worried about not seeing True, or Khloé establishing new rules when it comes to co-parenting. He honestly doesn’t really care and was over it. He was never trying to win Khloé back."

YIKES! They have since hinted that the news is real, but have still kept it under wraps. It'll definitely be interesting to see what happens when one of them finally speaks out. We'll all be waiting for that tea.

February 19, 2019: New rumors fuel speculation that Tristan and Khloé have broken up

Khloé and Tristan have been in a long-distance relationship for months, with Tristan living in Cleveland for his NBA team while Khloé is taking care of True in LA. So, when Tristan visited LA, you would think he would see Khloé, right?

While we don't know exactly how he spent his whole trip to LA, we do know how he spent his Saturday night. According to the Daily Mail, Tristan partied until the early hours of the morning in West Hollywood. While out on the town, the basketball player was reportedly "being flirty, hitting up girls." Meanwhile, Khloé was nowhere to be found.

It is, of course, possible that Tristan visited Khloé and his daughter on this trip to LA, but there is no evidence of it on social media, which is surprising considering how much Khloé usually shares. A reunion between daughter and father would have made for some great Insta story content.

All of this comes amid rumors that Tristan and Khloé have finally called it quits, and while nothing is officially confirmed, their breakup is seeming like more and more of a given.

February 14, 2019: Tristan sends Khloé lavish Valentine's Day gifts

So, the world is still pretty confused about Khloé and Tristan's relationship status, and his V-Day gift to her didn't really help clear anything up. The basketball player sent Khloé a gorgeous floral display for the romantic holiday, which she shared on her Instagram story.

Instagram

Yes, it is super sweet, but Khloé showed off the gift among the dozens of other treats that she got from her family and various brands, not really singling it out in any special way. She also captioned the pic, "Daddy and baby True," which makes me think that that's all she thinks of him these days. Not in a romantic way, but as True's dad. That's it.

The two didn't celebrate the holiday together either. Khloé seemed to spend all day with True, opening gifts and enjoying some V-Day treats, while Tristan was most likely in Cleveland (he had a home game the day before). So, while their Valentine's Day celebration (or lack thereof) definitely doesn't clear anything up regarding their relationship status, I'm taking it as a sign that things aren't going well.

February 13, 2019: New details emerge about the status of Khloé's relationship with Tristan

Remember Tristan Thompson? It may have been a while since you last heard that name so let me refresh your memory. He is the father of Khloé's baby, True, and he allegedly cheated on Khloé literally days before True was born. While Khloé and Tristan have spent the last ten months working on their relationship since the scandal, he has been MIA recently, so has the pair officially broken up?

According to People, Khloé "rarely talks about" Tristan, which obviously isn't a sign that things are going well. "Khloé and True are happy in Los Angeles," a source told the site. "They spend very little time in Cleveland, where Tristan is. She very much acts like a single mom."

When Khloé celebrated True's ten-month birthday, Tristan was nowhere to be found. In fact, the two haven't been seen together in a month.

Khloé seemingly is doing just fine without Tristan these days. "Her whole life is True," the source told People. She also just got a gorgeous new haircut, which is the telltale sign of a breakup, if you ask me.

January 16, 2019: Khloé's sisters, Kourtney and Kim, share their thoughts on Tristan's cheating scandal



It seems like the Kardashian sisters are divided over whether or not Khloé should've stayed with Tristan Thompson after his cheating scandal.

While playing Plead the Fifth on Watch What Happens Live, Kourtney was asked whether or not she would've stayed with Tristan Thompson if she were in Khloé's shoes. Instead of pleading the fifth, Kourtney revealed that she would've stayed with him and Kim opened up about how she doesn't agree with her decision.

"From seeing everything that happened. It's so easy and quick to be like, 'Oh my god, leave him. Leave him.' It's so much harder to stay and have the whole public think you're an idiot for staying," Kim said.

Andy Cohen and Khloé started laughing since it seemed like Kim was calling her an idiot. Talk about AWKWARD. Check out the clip below:

January 2, 2019: Khloé and Tristan have a complicated start to the New Year

New year, same drama. Khloé Kardashian and Tristan Thompson are back for another complicated 365 days of cheating scandals, dramatic Instagram story quotes, and lots of baby pics. The couple rang in the New Year together at a party in Cleveland, and there was a fair share of evidence showing them having a good time.

Instagram

Of course, it wasn't all love and laughs for this complicated couple. The Shade Room recently posted a video of Khloé grinding on Tristan on the dance floor, while Tristan straight up gives her the cold shoulder. Of course, Khloé was not happy and the whole exchange is super awkward.

So, there's a really good chance that Tristan just didn't see Khloé (because who could deny her, did you see how good she looked??), but of course, it's Khloé and Tristan so fans always assume the worst.

In the rest of the pics from the night, the pair seemed to be having a good time, so maybe we assume should best intentions on Tristan's part?

Here's to what hopefully is a drama-free year for the couple!

December 24, 2018: Tristan missed out on Khloé's family's annual Christmas Eve party

While True Thompson and Khloé Kardashian stole the show in matching outfits at the annual Kardashian Jenner Christmas Eve party this year, Tristan was nowhere to be found. Don't worry, though, because there's actually a totally reasonable explanation for why he missed the party.

According to E! News, Tristan "doesn't have a lot of flexibility" when it comes to his basketball schedule. He had a game on the 23rd and 26th, which didn't leave a lot of time to head to LA for the party.

While Khloé could have spent Christmas in Ohio with Tristan, it was important for her to be with family for the holidays, especially after she missed Thanksgiving in LA to be with him.

Related Story Inside the Wild 2018 Kardashian Christmas Party

"There was nothing more special than seeing True with her cousins on Christmas morning," a source told E!. "There was no way she was going to miss the family Christmas Eve party and being a part of opening presents all together on Christmas morning."

December 7, 2018: Khloé and Tristan reportedly considering having another baby

Things between Tristan and Khloé are MUCH better these days, so much so that Khloé is even considering getting pregnant again with the basketball player.

"Now that she's a mom, Khloé's never been happier," a source told Entertainment Tonight. "She has wanted this baby more than anything and motherhood has proven to be even more incredible than she imagined."

Apparently, the couple is in "such a good place now" after spending Thanksgiving together last month. "Her relationship with Tristan is so good," said the source. "They made it through some really dark times, but she's happy that she gave him a second chance because he's stepped up and is not only an amazing father to True, but he's been such a rock for Khloé. They're really just so in love."

They're doing so well, that Khloé wants to start trying for a second kid. Getting pregnant with True wasn't easy and Khloé is "aware it may take some time again," so she doesn't want to wait too long.

In other Kardashian news, Kylie is also interested in having baby number two with her bae, Travis Scott.

"Kylie and Travis are going to wait until he's finished his [Astroworld] tour before trying for another baby," ET's source said. "They want to have another child soon so it's close in age to Stormi, but they do not want to do this while he's busy on the road."

Since their first kids were born just months apart, and seem to have a close relationship, the sisters are apparently excited about the prospect of getting pregnant together again.





"Kylie and Khloé would love to be pregnant together again. And it seems like the timing could work out that way," said the source. "It was a real bonding experience for them, but more importantly, it’s been amazing for their daughters to be so close in age. There are so many kids/grandkids in that family, that's really where the family's attention is. It's all about the next generation."

November 26, 2018: Khloé and Tristan celebrate Thanksgiving together

Khloé and Tristan had a quiet Thanksgiving together, as she joined him in Ohio for the big holiday. While many fans were questioning why Khloé decided to not be with her sisters for Thanksgiving dinner, she quickly shut down the haters with a couple of tweets.

Khloé also had to defend her sister Kendall on Friday night after she booed Tristan during a basketball game, where she was cheering on the Philadelphia 76ers' with Ben Simmons.

A fan called out Khloé for her being okay with Kendall booing him during the game, but still supporting Tristan after he cheated on her.

Despite what people believed to be a shady interaction between Kendall and Tristan, the two of them were all smiles when they saw each other at the game.

Mitchell Leff // Getty Images

The Cleveland Cavaliers ended up winning the game, so it's safe to say that the two of them are even now.

November 18, 2018: Khloé and her sisters tell the story of True's birth

Keeping Up with the Kardashian's retelling of True's birth confirmed what we already knew: that the baby's delivery, which occurred just days after it was revealed that Tristan had cheated of Khloé, was awkward af.

Not only were there some savage moments from Khloe's sisters (Tristan saying "girls change your life," with Kourt responding, "we can only pray." AMEN), but there was also so much tension.

giphy

After the ep aired, Khloé shared a pic from the occasion on her Instagram story, and you can feel the awkwardness in the photo, let me tell you.

Instagram

"This is one of the most awkward photos I have seen in a long time," she wrote about the pic. "You can feel the tension lol but it makes me laugh for some reason. I am definitely one of those people that when I am uncomfortable I nervously laugh. Welcome to my labor lol."

We're glad she can laugh about it because all we can manage is a cringe.

November 15, 2018: Sources claim all is well between Khloé and Tristan despite speculation of him cheating

Forget what you heard because Khloé and Tristan are reportedly doing very well despite breakup rumors. A source told TMZ that the couple is "still together and going strong." According to the site, Khloé hasn't been in Cleveland because she's filming a new season of Keeping Up With The Kardashians, and then she wanted to stay with her family this past week amid the California fires.

The reality star will be heading to Ohio soon, however. She plans to spend Thanksgiving with Tristan and True in Cleveland as a family.

This all comes as the cheating episodes of KUWTK are airing on TV, episodes which Tristan refused to watch. But hey, if they're doing better, why relive the past?

November 7, 2018: Tristan refuses to watch 'KUWTK' episodes centered around him cheating on Khloé

While Tristan Thompson seemed to have no issue cheating on Khloé Kardashian when she was nine months pregnant back in April, he has no interest in reliving the experience through Keeping Up with the Kardashians.

According to Us Weekly, when Khloé asked Tristan if he wanted to watch the KUWTK episode that addressed the cheating scandal, "the response was a firm no." Apparently, while Khloé already screened the ep before it aired, she wanted to watch it live with her boyfriend.

Tristan has a lot of other things to worry about. A source close to him told Us that "he is focused on basketball, and the Cavaliers are struggling this season." Watching the episode would only create further distractions, and "there wasn't any need for that." Of course, he could have not cheated on her in the first place, then this issue wouldn't exist at all.

October 29, 2018: Khloé and Tristan reconcile

Khloé and Tristan seem to be back on good terms after Khloé's recent vacation with Kim and their kids.

The two of them returned from their big trip to Bali and Khloé had a very special surprise waiting for her at home when she got back. Tristan got her some special balloons to welcome her back and Khloe was super excited to share them on her Instagram story

Instagram

Soon after, she posted another photo of a quote that seemed to be hinting at a reconciliation.

Instagram

"Please stop overthinking life like you have an answer to every feeling or situation. That's not how life works We figure it all out by just living, by f*cking up, by missing an. opportunity, by seeking advice and not taking it. We learn what's important and what isn't. Sometimes we have no f*cking idea what to do and it's scary but it's okay. Always trust your gut and know that everything will work out exactly the way it is supposed to be. It always does. Relax, we were never in control anyway."

October 23, 2018: New reports surfaced about Khloé and Tristan's relationship

Six months after Tristan's first cheating scandal, which occurred just a few days before the birth of their child, True Thompson, Khloé finally "seems over Tristan," according to People.

This feeling has manifested itself in her move to Cleveland, which she hasn't rescheduled, despite postponing it three weeks ago. "It doesn’t seem to bother her that she isn’t with Tristan in Cleveland," said People's source. "She seems to know what she wants in her life right now. And it definitely doesn’t seem like she wants to be with Tristan."

As far as their future, however, Khloé hasn't yet made a decision. "Khloé isn’t saying that she and Tristan split. It seems she hasn’t decided yet what she wants to do about their relationship," the source said. "And she seems fine about this."



October 6, 2018: Khloé reportedly postpones her move to Cleveland following new cheating allegations



After a week of posting emotional Instagrams amid new rumors that Tristan Thompson is once again cheating, Khloé Kardashian has postponed her move to Cleveland. Khloé was planning on returning to Ohio to live with Tristan as the basketball season begins, but, according to People, this is no longer the case.

"It’s of course difficult to trust someone 100 percent who cheated days before he was about to become a dad," said People's source. "Khloé still struggles with this sometimes. She wants to move back to Cleveland, but she isn’t sure what date she is [going]. The move is postponed for now. She seems very upset about leaving her family. She had the best summer in L.A."

All of this is happening as Keeping Up with the Kardashians is preparing to air the original cheating scandal, which occurred about six months ago, right before True Thompson was born. This has caused Khloé to become "overwhelmed and exhausted," according to the source.

"Khloé has every reason to occasionally feel [that way],” they added. "She’s a new mom, a first-time mom, and her TV show is currently replaying one of the most emotional times in her life. It’s a lot."

September 27, 2018: Khloé's sister Kim unfollowed Tristan on social media



It seems like we're about to get a lot more info on the Tristan cheating scandal and how Khloé's family reacted to the original news back in April. In a mid-season preview for Keeping Up with the Kardashians, Kim Kardashian is seen saying, "They have another video of him." While we don't know for sure that she's referring to Tristan, the promo then switches to a pic of Khloé, who looks less than happy. So, we can assume Kim means the paparazzi got another vid of Tristan with a random girl.

"Unfollowed," says Kim, and we know she did, actually unfollow him on Instagram. "I hate him. Sorry, not sorry." Khloé, on the other hand, seems more calm as she prepares to give birth to her baby, True. “The things I can control, I have to be able to control," she says.

We can't wait for the second half of KUWTK to see what Khloé's family thought about everything that went down with Tristan, though we already know they don't think too highly of him.

September 26, 2018: Tristan reportedly caught flirting with another woman

Tristan Thompson was, once again, spotted getting very close to not-Khloé at a club in LA recently. According to Us Weekly, "Tristan and a girl were chatting and flirting throughout the night. They were very touchy-feely. He had his hand on her butt."

Khloé, who will be moving back to Cleveland when basketball season kicks off, is apparently unbothered by the allegation. A source says that she believes Tristan, who promised to "never betray her again."

Her family, however, is not on the same page. "Everyone is flabbergasted, but her family has learned to keep their opinions quiet," said a source. "People underestimate the threshold of what she’ll put up with for love."

September 19, 2018: Khloé will reportedly move back to Cleveland during Tristan's upcoming NBA season with the Cavaliers

It looks like LA will be losing a Kardashian. Khloé plans to move back to Cleveland with Tristan for basketball season, which is about to start up again soon. While it's good to see that the couple will still be together while Tristan plays for the Cleveland Cavaliers, a source told People that the move will be hard on Khloe.

"He has games in October. They are all moving back to Cleveland, and it’s hard for Khloé. She will really miss Kris and her sisters," they told People.

Despite the big move, the source said that they plan to make frequent visits back to LA to try to keep the family together.

"It’s not going to be easy for her," the source told People. "But she is committed to keeping her family together. And Tristan has shown that he is committed to Khloé, so Khloé will make it work."

While Khloé plans to make the big move, it looks like another Kardashian is staying put.

Kim doesn't plan to move to Chicago with Kanye, despite the fact that he recently announced that he will be moving back there soon.

"Kim plans on spending more time in Chicago, but she isn’t moving there full-time," a source told People.

The source also told People that Kim believes that a move wouldn't make sense for the kids right now and that it's likely that Kanye will change his mind and move back to LA soon.

"She will be supportive of Kanye’s plans and they do have a house in Chicago too. Kanye has a tendency though to change his mind quickly, so she is just going along with his plans because it makes him happy," the source said. "Next week, something else might make him happier."

August 1, 2018: Tristan shows Khloé's latest Instagram post some love

Despite rumors that the couple isn't doing well, Tristan and Khloé seem to be doing just fine. Tristan even comme