Liam Hemsworth pictured with Eiza Gonzales on same day he confirms Miley Cyrus split Miley will not be pleased! Liam Hemsworth pictured with Mexican beauty Eiza Gonzales AGAIN after their wild weekend in Vegas... the same day he confirms split with Cyrus



It looks like Liam Hemsworth has well and truly moved on from ex-fiancee Miley Cyrus.

For the Hunger Games actor appears to have confirmed a relationship with Mexican bombshell actress and singer Eiza Gonzalez.

The pair have been pictured together once again on Monday after flirting and partying together in Las Vegas over the weekend.



Moving on? Liam Hemsworth was pictured with Mexican beauty Eiza Gonzales again on Monday after they partied together in Las Vegas over the weekend



Flash: Liam flashed a hint of his boxer shorts in a pair of low-slung jeans as he looked in the backseat of the car, while Eiza prepared to settle in the front passenger seat

This time the duo, both 23, were snapped in Los Angeles after returning from Sin City, the very same day Liam and Miley confirmed that they had called off their engagement.

The pair were leaving a residential home, hopping into a black Cadillac Escalade together.

Liam jumped into the driver's seat of the vehicle while Eiza settled herself into the passenger seat.

Sleepover? The pair were leaving a residential home, hopping into a black SUV together

Both were wearing casual clothing for the outing, with the Mexican singer and actress looking sultry in a black camisole top.

The stunning star was relatively make-up free and swept her hair into no fuss ponytail.

Meanwhile, Liam flashed a hint of his boxer shorts in a pair of low-slung jeans teamed with a white T-shirt.



Long night? The actor covered his face with a Yankees baseball cap and a pair of large sunglasses



Sexy senorita: Eiza was looking sultry in a black camisole top

Close: It appears that Liam and Eiza have already grown quite close



And it appeared that he had had a late night the previous evening, as he covered his face with a New York Yankees baseball cap and a pair of sunglasses.



Later in the evening, Liam was seen going for dinner with his mother Leonie at the Chateau Marmont in West Hollywood.

He was still wearing the same outfit he was in when he was spotted spending time with Eiza.

While the nature of Eiza and Liam's relationship is yet to be confirmed, the fact that he is spending time in the company of the gorgeous star is sure to be a blow to Miley.

The same day that Eiza and Liam stepped out together in LA, he and Miley confirmed that their relationship was over.

Riding in style: The pair left the home in a luxury black Cadillac Escalade



Second date: This is the second time Liam has been pictured with the Mexican beauty in public, and on the very same day he announced his split with Miley Cyrus



LA resident: Eiza recently moved to Los Angeles from her native Mexico, while Australian Liam is permanently based in the city for work



On Monday, representatives for the pair confirmed that they had ended their engagement and their romance, after having dated for two years.

Liam proposed to Miley with a 3.5 carat Neil Lane engagement ring in May 2012, and at the time the Hannah Montana star gushed about her future with the hunky Aussie star.

'I'm so happy to be engaged and look forward to a life of happiness with Liam,' she told People magazine.

Wild weekend: Liam and Eiza were seen flirting and partying at a nightclub in Las Vegas on Saturday night



The pair first met on the set of the 2010 romantic drama The Last Song and began dating not long after.

But in the last year, they have seemingly struggled with their relationship, breaking up and getting back together several times as each one continues in different directions of their careers.

Liam and Eiza were first seen getting close when they were pictured partying together at VIP club Bungalow in Las Vegas on Saturday night.

Dinner with mom: Later in the evening on Monday, Liam was seen leaving the Chateau Marmont with his mother Leonie



Liam, along with about five male friends and a couple of ladies, including Eiza, reportedly went to their VIP table near the DJ booth, but only for a few minutes before heading back to a more private VIP cabana near the pool.

Liam and Eiza are said to have never left each other's side during the night.

The pair reportedly enjoyed some drinks, Liam smoked a cigarette and they talked and flirted very close in the the VIP section of the club.

It's over: Liam and Miley's representatives confirmed that the couple's relationship was over on Monday

At one point, Eiza was seen sitting on a cabinet, flashing her legs in her short dress as Liam stayed standing, chatting to her and gazing into her eyes.

And it was no wonder why he was so enamoured, as she was showing off her killer body in a bright orange strapless dress teamed with sky high black patent leather stilettos and a gold choker necklace.

According to reports, Liam and Eiza left the club together at 2am.

Red hot: Actress and singer Eiza is a big star in her native Mexico



Beauty: The 23-year-old poses on the red carpet at InStyle Magazine Mexico's 5th Anniversary in September 2011

Earlier in the evening, the actor appeared in good spirits as he arrived at the Pre-Fight Party for the Floyd Mayweather fight in Sin City.

Eiza was in Vegas the same weekend as Liam, also living it up with some friends.

She posted pictures of herself on Twitter poolside on Sunday, posing in a bikini with a pal.

On September 11, the brunette beauty mused about her love life on her Facebook page, leaving a somewhat cryptic post about being in love with somebody that was in love with someone else.

Gorgeous: The young star has strong features and a killer physique



'It must be very difficult to accept the fact that the person you're interested in lives in love with someone else #oops #goodluck! #whengoodisgood!' she wrote.

It cannot be clear whether she was taking an apparent dig at Miley or perhaps referring to her own love life.

Eiza González Reyna is a Mexican actress and singer, and daughter of former model Glenda Reyna.

She rose to fame at the age of 16 with her portrayal of Lola, the lead character of Mexican telenovela, Lola...Érase una vez (Lola...Once Upon A Time).

Tumultuous: Liam and Miley, seen here in September 2012, had reportedly been on and off for the last few months before they finally split



She has since gone on to star in five Spanish television series and two movies, and is now a huge star in her native Mexico.

She also lent her voice to the Spanish-speaking version of 2013 3D computer-animated adventure comedy film, The Croods.

González has also released two studio solo albums and two Telenovela soundtracks.

The spicy star also recently became single too, after announcing on her Twitter account in August that she broke up with her boyfriend of two years, Mexican entrepreneur Pepe Díaz.

Mortified: Liam is said to have been left mortified by Miley's now infamous VMAs performance last month



'Let me tell you that I've been single for more than a month! I´m happy and closing this cycle because here comes an incredible one that is getting me very excited,' she tweeted at the time.

According to a report in People Magazine - Latina, Diaz was rumoured to have cheated on the stunning star.

On Monday, it emerged that the final nail in the coffin for Miley and Liam's tumultuous relationship was her controversial VMAs performance.

Liam had been left 'mortified' by Miley's now infamous performance at the awards last month.

A silver lining: Miley shared her appreciation on Twitter on Tuesday after being nominated for four MTV EMA awards



The 20-year-old singer bumped and ground up against Robin Thicke while wearing nude latex underwear, in what was deemed a wholly inappropriate performance.

A source told RadarOnline.com: 'Miley and Liam were already pretty much broken up at that point, but when he saw her performance and the backlash it created, it was the nail in the coffin.

'That was all he needed to finally break up with Miley once and for all. He was embarrassed, disgusted and mortified by her performance.'

On Monday, Liam, who only really uses Twitter to promote his new projects, stopped following his former fiancee on the social networking site.



The move came after Miley, who is a avid Twitter fan, made the ultimate snub by 'unfollowing' the actor over the weekend.



Speaking out: Liam's brother Chris touched on his younger siblings woes during an interview with Ellen DeGeneres on Tuesday



Meanwhile, Liam's brother Chris Hemsworth has hinted that his younger sibling struggled to cope with all of the attention surrounding him and Miley.

The Rush star, who has a 16-month-old daughter, India, with his Spanish actress wife, Elsa Pataky, said he feels 'lucky' that he has managed to maintain a private life, and suggested his younger brother was uncomfortable with his relationship being in the spotlight.

The 30-year-old Australian actor told Ellen DeGeneres on her talk show on Tuesday: 'I'm lucky. I've spoken to a few people about it. I don't know that you can ever . . . It's sort of is what it is.



Sticking together: Miley's mother Tish and step-sister Brandi shopped for outdoor furniture on Tuesday in Los Angeles

'At times you're a target and at times you're not. If you have a film coming out or who you are dating and what have you . . . but um, we've been lucky, my wife and I.

'We kind of live a pretty simple boring kind of life. We're not rolling out of clubs at 4 in the morning. Not to say that Liam is by the way . . . I mean he has once or twice.'

There was some happy news for Miley on Tuesday, however.



The pop star has been nominated for four awards at the upcoming MTV European Music Awards.



Miley showed her appreciation on Twitter, simply writing 'Thank you EMAs'.

