Amal Clooney's mother Baria shops after baby news Amal and George Clooney have become proud parents to twins this week.

And as the news was made public on Tuesday afternoon, the human rights lawyer's mother Baria Alamuddin was spotted shopping in London, no doubt buying some gifts for new arrivals Ella and Alexander.

Baria, 66, looked effortlessly chic in a casual and comfortable ensemble, teaming a loose white blouse with smart trousers.

Scroll down for video

Baby joy! Amal Clooney's mother Baria Alamuddin was spotted shopping up a storm in London on Tuesday, no doubt buying some gifts for new arrivals Ella and Alexander

Good news: Amal and George Clooney have become proud parents to twins this week

She covered up against the changeable weather in a cream cardigan and carried a leather handbag in one hand.

Baria reportedly purchased two baby gros from E-Side, one grey with a bear on it and another mint coloured with a rabbit on it.

E-Side is an upmarket shop specialising in gifts in Gerrard's Cross, London and brands itself as 'The Family Store for Modern Organic Living'.

Chic in neutrals: Baria, 66, looked effortlessly chic in a casual and comfortable ensemble, teaming a loose white blouse with smart trousers

Cute: Baria reportedly purchased two baby gros from E-Side, one grey with a bear on it and another mint coloured with a rabbit on it

Keeping a low profile: The human rights lawyer's mother has yet to comment on the news

Shopping spree: She covered up against the changeable weather in a cream cardigan and carried a leather handbag in one hand

Amal, 39, gave birth to a girl, Ella, and a boy, Alexander, on Tuesday morning in England.

'This morning Amal and George welcomed Ella and Alexander Clooney into their lives,' a spokesperson for the 56-year-old actor said in a statement.

'Ella, Alexander and Amal are all healthy, happy and doing fine.'

Upmarket: E-Side is an upmarket shop specialising in gifts in Gerrard's Cross, London and brands itself as 'The Family Store for Modern Organic Living'

Heading home: Baria was seen clambering into a taxi following her shopping session

Comfort first: The new grandmother slipped her feet into sensible brogues

On her doorstep: The couple welcomed the two new bundles of joy at London's Chelsea and Westminster Hospital

The announcement ended with the quip: 'George is sedated and should recover in a few days.'

The couple welcomed the two new bundles of joy at London's Chelsea and Westminster Hospital.

The stars are believed to have paid up to £8,520 ($11,000) for a private suite in the Kensington Wing according to a Tuesday report from Daily Mirror.

Bundles of joy: It was revealed that the human rights lawyer, 39, gave birth to a girl, Ella, and a boy, Alexander, on Tuesday morning in England, as they are pictured in Paris back in February

According to the publication, the women who stay in that section of the hospital can expect one-to-one midwife support as well as 24-hour consultant care.

The facility also boasts an 'exclusive postnatal maternity suite' for the 'ultimate birthing experience' according to the hospital's site.

In addition the Kensington Wing boasts that it is the only private maternity hospital in London to be fully-accredited in the UNICEF Baby Friendly Initiative.

The program acknowledges maternity units which adopt internationally recognized standard of best practice in care for both mothers and the children.

Stunning:The couple welcomed the two new bundles of joy at London's Chelsea and Westminster Hospital

Quite the set-up: The stars are believed to have paid up to £8,520 ($11,000) for a private suite in the Kensington Wing according to a Tuesday report from Daily Mirror

Touch of class: According to the publication, the women who stay in that section of the hospital can expect one-to-one midwife support as well as 24-hour consultant care

This is a hospital? The facility also boasts an 'exclusive postnatal maternity suite' for the 'ultimate birthing experience' according to the hospital's site

Nice duds: In addition the Kensington Wing boasts that it is the only private maternity hospital in London to be fully-accredited in the UNICEF Baby Friendly Initiative.

Lounging: Pictured is one of the chairs in the ritzy wing

George skipped a humanitarian event last week while waiting for the birth.

The actor joked that if his human rights lawyer wife had their twins while he attended the Aurora Prize for Awakening Humanity ceremony in Yerevan, Armenia on Sunday, he would not have been able to show his face at home.

Explaining his absence in a video message, George joked: 'I really would have been [in Yerevan] but if I came there and my wife had twins while I was there, I could never come home.'

Aww: 'This morning Amal and George welcomed Ella and Alexander Clooney into their lives,' a spokesperson for the 56-year-old actor said in a statement, as the couple are pictured together in Berkshire back in March

Sprawling: The pair are currently based in Berkshire, England, where they own a $14 million home

The pair are currently based in Berkshire, England, where they own a home.

It was announced back in February that the happy couple were expecting twins together. They are both first-time parents.

They reportedly met in 2013 and were engaged in April 2014.

George and Amal then married in September 2014 in Venice, Italy.

Pals: Back in March Cindy Crawford revealed the hilarious gifts she had made for the twins which reference the Casamigos tequila company George owns

Proud papa: George proudly posed with the gifts which he draped over bottles of his tequila

Back in March, George's friend Cindy Crawford revealed her gift to the couple which referenced his Casamigos tequila brand.

The 51-year-old supermodel - who's husband Rande Gerber co-owns the beverage brand with Clooney - took to Instagram to share a cute photo of monogrammed baby grows with Casa and Migos emblazoned across them

The Ocean's Eleven star, once Hollywood's most eligible bachelor, recently said he's delighted to be a family man now.

Happy news: It was announced back in February that the happy couple - pictured at an event in London back in January - were expecting twins together

He said: '[I'm] even happier [than before]. I didn't know that we'd have kids. I was very happy that we were going to get married and then [a pregnancy] seemed like the next step.'

Prior to the birth, George and Amal scaled back their international travels.

He said: 'We decided to be much more responsible, to avoid the danger. I will not go to South Sudan anymore and in the Congo, Amal will no longer go to Iraq and she will avoid places where she knows she is not welcome.

'Before, I did not care, I would even say that there was a pretty exciting side to going where no reporter had ever been.'