Selena Gomez and The Weeknd pack on the PDA at Coachella He is getting set to perform on front of thousands of people at Coachella.

But there was only one person on The Weeknd's mind on Saturday: Selena Gomez.

The couple could barely keep their hands - or indeed their lips - off each other as they packed on the PDAs in the VIP section on Saturday.

The duo were spotted with their arms around each other and smooching as they semi-paid attention to the Main Stage.

The Heart Wants What It Wants hitmaker rocked a cute festival outfit of a blue flower-patterned summer dress with a matching scarf and Alain Mikli sunglasses.

Her man meanwhile wore a silky blue check long sleeve button-down shirt.

He kept his arm tightly around the 24-year-old's svelte waist, while she went high around his neck.

Smoochella! Selena Gomez and The Weeknd packed on the PDA as they kissed in the VIP section at Coachella on Saturday

Cute couple: The pair looked loved-up as they wrapped each other in a warm embrace at the Los Angeles music festival

Can't keep my hands off of you: Selena looked absolutely smitten with her new beau

Adorable: The pair seemed in great spirits at the festival

Engrossed: The couple could barely keep their hands - or indeed their lips - off each other

Who's playing? The duo were spotted with their arms around each other and smooching as they semi-paid attention to the Main Stage

Selena barely gave him time to breathe as kissed him on the lips and the cheek, whispering and giggling between each one.

Her Starboy didn't seem to mind one iota, happily drinking up he attention.

Moments earlier he also cropped up in an Instagram shot shared by his girlfriend which racked up 1.3million likes in an hour.

Cute: The Heart Wants What It Wants hitmaker rocked a cute festival outfit of a blue flower-patterned summer dress with a matching scarf

Coordinated pair: The couple were both dressed in shades of blue for their party weekend

Cool: Her man meanwhile wore a silky blue check long sleeve button-down shirt

Standing behind her, he had his arm wrapped tightly around her, pulling her in close.

Smiling besottedly, Selena snapped the selfie from within his embrace.

On Friday the news leaked that The Weeknd would not be merely attending as a reveler, but as a 'surprise' last minute performer.

Hug it out: Moments earlier he also cropped up in an Instagram shot shared by his girlfriend which racked up 1.3million likes in an hour

Inseparable: the two were spotted together again the night before

Surprise! On Friday the news leaked that The Weeknd would not be merely attending as a reveler, but as a 'surprise' last minute performer

Duet: He later took to the stage in the Sahara tent to perform with Nav

Pile on: The Weeknd was added to the all-star line-up along with Sean 'Diddy' Combs, French Montana, Rae Sremmurd and Wale

He was added to the all-star line-up along with Sean 'Diddy' Combs, French Montana, Rae Sremmurd and Wale.

He later took to the stage in the Sahara tent to perform with DJ Khaled.

The already packed Saturday line-up for the epic two-weekend music and arts festival included Future, Gucci Mane, Two-Door Cinema Club, Bastille, Thundercat, DJ Snake and Bon Iver.

Lady Gaga is set to headline the Main Stage, replacing the pregnant Beyonce who vowed to return next year instead.