Olivia Munn wipes away 'luscious lips' created by makeup It wasn't only her stunning yellow suit of blazer and shorts that got Olivia Munn noticed at a celebrity event in Hollywood on Tuesday.

The actress's pout also set tongues wagging.

Munn, 37, appeared to sport much plumper lips as she posed for photos at the CFDA, Variety and WWD Runway to Red Carpet event luncheon at the Chateau Marmont.

But it turns out it was just makeup that had given her a wider smile.

Scroll down for video

Pouty: Olivia Munn, 37, got noticed not just for her bright yellow outfit but also for her much fuller lips as she attended a celebrity luncheon in West Hollywood on Tuesday

All for show: A few hours later, the actress posted video to Instagram having removed her 'luscious lips' and reverted to her unvarnished look

Her appearance sparked speculation that the Newsroom star may have had a cosmetic procedure to enhance her lips.

But, it turned out, it was all an illusion thanks to the way her lip color had been applied.

Later on Tuesday, Munn took to Instagram stories and shared video of her wiping away her 'luscious lips' as she sat on board a plane.

She also shared a clip showing her getting her lips drawn in more fully ahead of her appearance at the CFDA luncheon held at Chateau Marmont.

Makeup magic: Munn shared a clip later on Tuesday showing how her lips were painted in for a fuller look

Going....: Once she boarded her flight, she took out a tissue as she filmed on her smartphone

Going.....: The former Newsroom star wiped the tissue across her lips

Gone: And removed all traces of the lip color

She wore a coat with a fur-trimmed hood up over her hair and explained she was heading out of Los Angeles for a colder clime.

Munn has always credited her changes in appearance to her diet, including Japanese potatoes that are high in Hyaluronic Acid, weight loss and general attention to skin care and healthy living.

Munn is single since splitting from Aaron Rodgers last year. The Green Bay Packers quarterback, 34, has since moved on to race-car driver Danica Patrick.

Colorful: Munn looked ready for Spring in her blazer and shorts combo as she posed for photos at the CFDA, Variety and WWD Runway to Red Carpet Event Luncheon

Details: Strappy beige heels added sex appeal to balance out the plainness of her fresh white T-shirt