Renee Zellweger 'financially supports' beau Doyle Bramhall Renee Zellwegger is financially supporting her boyfriend amid his messy and costly divorce battle, court papers have revealed.

The 48-year-old Bridget Jones star has been dating Doyle Bramhall for five years - and has let him live with her for free and has been paying his credit card bills in the midst of his separation, according to the documents obtained by E! News.

The site reports that Renee has been subbing the credit card fees which vary between $4,000 to $5,000 a month, with the court documents detailing that this a loan and a repayment is expected.

Support: Renee Zellweger, 48, appears to have her own colourful love life as she is financially supporting her boyfriend Doyle Bramhall amid his messy and costly divorce battle

Renee is also said to have paid for Doyle's expenses in 2015 that added up to nearly $60,000.

During a hearing in Doyle's divorce from ex Susannah Melvoin, the judge ruled that Renee's income should not have any bearing on what the musician pays in spousal and child support to his estranged wife.

MailOnline has contacted Renee and Doyle's representatives for comment.

Renee and Doyle began dating in 2012, two years after he separated from estranged wife Susannah, but they first met when they both attended University of Texas in the early Nineties.

Split: Musician Doyle Brmahall, 48, is in the midst of a costly and messy divorce battle from estranged wife Susannah Melvoin. The former couple share two children together and split in 2010

Putting her woes behind her: Renee - rocking a David Webb ring - looked unfazed as she headed to the Same Kind of Different as Me premiere in LA on Thursday night

A ray of sun: The star was glowing as she hit the red carpet after her financial affairs became apparent

The Bridget Jones' Diary star does not often speak about her relationship, but gushed to UsWeekly, saying: 'He's a special person!'

Renee was previously married to country singer Kenny Chesney for four months in 2005 and was once engaged to actor Jim Carrey.

Doyle, who has worked with the likes of Eric Clapton and Roger Waters, was married to Susannah from 1997 to 2010 and they have two daughters together.

Shortly after their split, Doyle struck up a romance with singer Sheryl Crow before getting together with Renee four years ago.

Mad About The Boy: Court documents reveal that Renee - who has been dating Doyle for five years - has let her boyfriend live with her for free and has been paying his credit card bills

As seen on screen: Renee soared to fame as the hopeless in love Bridget Jones

Mellow yellow: She put on a bold display on the red carpet, after news came out

Sunshine in her pocket: Renee dazzled on the red carpet in her sunny gown

In 2014, it was first reported that Renee found herself dragged into Susannah and Doyle's battle after his ex claimed she is struggling for money to care for their daughters.

In court papers seen by MailOnline, Susannah's lawyer stated both Doyle and Susannah are $300,000 in debt - and that Susannah is desperate for financial aid.

Her lawyer says she and the girls have been forced to 'endure' media coverage of Doyle and Renee, including pictures of them 'frolicking' in the Hawaiian Ocean.'

Continuing on, Susannah's lawyer claims that Doyle has 'consistently rejected' all efforts to put support orders in place and deal with their 'mounting debts' - despite the fact the singer's financial future is 'completely precarious.'

Susannah collaborated with the late Prince in the 80s and the superstar even penned the hit Nothing Compares 2 U for her.

Independent: The judge ruled that Renee's income should not have any bearing on what the musician pays in spousal and child support to his estranged wife

In December 2016, Susannah is said to have requested that Renee's income, living expenses and business deals be admitted as evidence in the case, according to TMZ.

The website reported that Renee hit back by filing documents saying her personal and professional life are separate from Doyle's case.

However, the star was still forced to testify in court, coming face-to-face with Susannah.

Cute couple: Renee and Doyle began dating in 2012, two years after he separated from Susannah, but they first met when they both attended University of Texas in the early Nineties

Squad: She was joined by her a three-strong male line-up who serve as her co-stars: Djimon Hounsou, Greg Kinnear and Jon Voight (left-right) at the premiere