Kylie Jenner Explains How She Confused a Pig for a Chicken Well, that explains it. Kylie Jenner revealed in a Snapchat she shared with followers on Saturday, October 22, how she confused a pig for a chicken in a clip that went viral earlier this month.

Jenner, 19, looked calm and collected as she explained to fans why she blurted out, “Is that a chicken?” when she saw her mom, Kris Jenner, holding a baby pig wrapped in a blanket in a deleted scene from Keeping Up With the Kardashians.

Related: PHOTOS: See All of Kylie Jenner’s Most Colorful Hairstyles Kylie Jenner is known for changing up her naturally dark hair, dying her tips a rainbow's worth of colors (or trying a new shade with a wig). See her most colorful hairstyles ever here!

“All right, so everyone keeps tweeting me this one Vine of my mom getting me a pig and I mistake it for a chicken,” she said in the Snapchat clip. “But here’s the real story behind me thinking that it’s a chicken.”

A post shared by Kylie Jenner Snapchats (@kylizzlesnapchats) on Oct 22, 2016 at 9:05pm PDT

Kylie Jenner thinking this pig is a chicken https://t.co/q4qMFMqi6Q — anouk (@CARL0T0) October 11, 2016

“So I love chickens, and my mom asked me what I wanted for my housewarming gift, so I told her, ‘I want chickens, I want a chicken coop, I’m dying to have a chicken,’” she continued. “We had, like, over 10 conversations about it, so when I saw her downstairs, I saw something that was all wrapped up in her arms, and I was upstairs, of course I assumed that it was a f‑‑king chicken. I never asked for a pig.”

Related: PHOTOS: Kylie Jenner’s Best Selfies: A Definitive Ranking Us Weekly rounds up the best Kylie Jenner selfies of all time — click through to see the definitive ranking

The makeup maven’s confusion led to some fans creating Vines poking fun at her mistake, including clips of pigs being called chickens, and one in which a little girl can be heard saying in video of pigs in a pen, “Look at all those chickens!”

Jenner took the joking in stride and told her followers Saturday, “But yeah, I just wanted to make the public announcement that I do know the difference between a chicken and a pig, so you guys don’t have to worry. If you don’t know what I’m talking about, then simply ignore all these Snapchats.”

Related: PHOTOS: Viral Stars: 2016’s Biggest Internet Celebrities Ready, set, spotlight! Meet the shooting stars of the Internet in 2016, including Barbie Mom Nannette Hammond, the 'It's Poppin' lady Michelle Dobyne and hot vet Dr. Evan Antin

Though Jenner’s older sister Kim Kardashian has remained silent on social media following her harrowing Paris robbery, the rest of the reality clan has slowly returned to their very public lives.

A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Oct 22, 2016 at 5:29pm PDT

On Saturday, Jenner also shared a photo of herself, sister Kendall Jenner and Kourtney Kardashian‘s baby daddy, Scott Disick, sitting atop a sports car.