Khloe Kardashian reveals her low-carb post-baby diet after 'losing 30 pounds' since birth of daughter True Tristan Thompson and Khloe Kardashian attend the Klutch Sports Group "More Than A Game" Dinner Presented by Remy Martin at Beauty & Essex on February 17, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Jerritt Clark/Getty Images for Klutch Sports Group)

Khloe Kardashian has opened up about the diet she's relying on to fuel her life as a new mother, just weeks after she hit back at critics who took aim at her for exercising too much.

The 33-year-old welcomed her first child, a daughter True, in April, with boyfriend Tristan Thompson and she has been keeping followers up to to date with her dedicated fitness regime. It's believed she has lost 30 pounds in the weeks since giving birth and is in the midst of returning to an tweaked version of her normal exercise routine to be more gentle on her body.

In 2014, Khloe famously began her physical transformation and dropped a whopping 40 pounds and four dress sizes. These days, she's inching her way back into healthy eating, writing on her website that she's one a low carb diet which includes "one tablespoon of jam and one tablespoon of almond butter" in the morning.

"It has lots of protein, so I'm able to go all out at the gym, but the best part is that I'm never hungry because I'm always eating," she wrote. After her morning workout, she eats two eggs, one cup of oatmeal and one cup of berries.

Tristan Thompson and Khloe Kardashian attend the Klutch Sports Group "More Than A Game" Dinner Presented by Remy Martin at Beauty & Essex on February 17, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Jerritt Clark/Getty Images for Klutch Sports Group)

She advises grabbing a "cup of vegetables like cherry tomatoes" to keep hunger pangs at bay. For lunch, she has a grilled chicken breast with salad, including choice vegetables like spinach, asparagus and broccoli.

By dinnertime, her nutritionist Dr Philip Goglia recommends an eight-ounce piece of fish with four ounces of sweet potatoes.

Earlier this month, Khloe shared her excitement at being able to return to the gym for the first time since giving birth, which was met with mixed crticism.

"What I’m annoyed about is that I’ve read a couple of times on Twitter that they feel that I’m focusing too much on my body, but the truth is, I've worked out five or six days a week before I got pregnant and that’s my sanctuary and something I love to do," she said on Snapchat.

"I want to start doing that now and getting into my rhythm and in between feedings I want to find time to work out because that’s going to be my new normal. Just because I have a baby, doesn't mean I have to stop doing the things that I love, and I love working out and getting my mind right."

Family friend Chrissy Teigen famously said in 2016 that women should never compare themselves to celebrities after birth, because they have the time and money to achieve their goals quicker.

Khloe Kardashian shared this picture of her baby daughter True Thompson. Picture: Instagram

"Anyone in the public eye, we have all the help we could ever need to be able to shed everything," she said. "So I think people get this jaded sensation that everybody's losing it so quickly, but we just happen to be the ones who are out there."

"We have nutritionists, we have dietitians, we have trainers, we have our own schedules, we have nannies. We have people who make it possible for us to get back into shape. But nobody should feel like that's normal, or like that's realistic."