Corey Feldman titles sex abuse film ‘Truth: The Rape of 2 Coreys’ Corey Feldman‘s long-awaited documentary on child sexual abuse in Hollywood has a harrowing title.

The “Lost Boys” star named his film “Truth: The Rape of 2 Coreys,” focusing on his sexual assault and the alleged rape of his late longtime friend and fellow child star, Corey Haim.

“I believe this title represents the truth I have been promising to tell and it also represents the truth of what happened,” Feldman, 47, told Us Weekly on Tuesday. “[Haim] was physically raped, I was physically assaulted and as a result of those actions, and the fact that I had to carry that burden all those years, really it was a raping of not only our emotional lives, but also our collective work and career as The Two Coreys.”

Last year, Feldman launched an IndieGogo campaign seeking $10 million to “create an affront” against child sexual abuse and expose an alleged pedophilia ring with his movie.

“I propose to do this by making a film that will be [the most] honest and true depiction of child abuse ever portrayed, by telling my own story in a very real way, in a very honest way, with no editing, no censorship, no studio behind it,” he said in a video about the “Truth project.” “I will make the film, I will direct the film, I will produce the film, and I will self-distribute it to guarantee it gets a theatrical release with your donations. Additionally, it will help me buy the security and the legal team I need to protect my family until the project is released.”

Feldman’s allegations of pedophilia in Hollywood have resurfaced in light of sexual harassment and sexual assault allegations against Harvey Weinstein, Kevin Spacey and director James Toback.

The “Stand By Me” actor’s 2013 appearance on “The View,” in which Barbara Walters chided him for speaking out against “an entire industry,” went viral last year.

The news of Haim’s portrayal in Feldman’s film may not sit well with the late actor’s mother.

Judy Haim previously slammed Feldman for speaking of Corey Haim’s alleged sexual assault and abuse, even sending him a cease and desist in 2016, after which Feldman promised he’d stop talking about Corey Haim in the press.

She was particularly incensed at reports that a then-19-year-old Charlie Sheen allegedly raped Corey Haim when Haim was 13 on the set of “Lucas,” an accusation Sheen himself has denied — and sued over.