Fifth Harmony announces indefinite hiatus, teases farewell shows Maeve McDermott

USA TODAY

Updated March 19, 2018, 11:58 a.m. ET

It's time for the four women of Fifth Harmony — Dinah Jane, Ally Brooke, Normani Kordei and Lauren Jauregui — to sing their separate tunes.

The girl group announced that they will be going on indefinite hiatus in a tweeted statement Monday from Fifth Harmony's official account.

"Reflecting on the past six years since we started on X-Factor, we've realized just how far we've come and we appreciate everything so much, more now than ever," the statement reads. "We've really had one hell of a memorable journey together and can't begin to express our gratitude to y'all for coming along with us on this wild ride!"

"After six years going hard, non-stop, we also realized that in order to stay authentic to ourselves and to you, we do need to take some time for now to go on a hiatius from Fifth Harmony in order to pursue solo endeavors."

"We are all very excited and grateful to be able to take this time to learn and grow creatively and really find our footing as individuals," the statement continues. "In doing this we are allowing ourselves to gain new experiences, strengths and perspectives that we can bring back to our Fifth Harmony family."

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

Fifth Harmony formed in 2012 to compete on the second season of the XFactor. After finishing in third, the group embarked on a pop music career, releasing three albums — 2015's Reflection, 2016's 7/27 and 2017's self-titled — and scoring a top 10 hit in 2016 with Work From Home. Former member Camila Cabello departed the group at the end of 2016.

Several members of Fifth Harmony have shared solo tracks so far this year, including Brooke's debut single Perfect and Kordei's recent collaboration with Khalid for the Love, Simon soundtrack, Love Lies.

"To our Harmonizers, thank you for everything we have been able to build as Fifth Harmony," the group's statement concludes. "With your love and encouragement we will continue to build on ourselves, support one another in everything we do, and keep making you proud, each other proud and ourselves proud."

The statement also teases a number of farewell concerts the group has planned this year.

"We do have some upcoming shows through the end of the year which will still happen as planned, and we can't wait!"