Cheryl Cole Responds to Liam Payne Breakup Rumors, Says Mother Wasn't Involved Cheryl Cole responded to rumors about the reason she and Liam Payne's broke up on Twitter on Monday.

The British singer denied that her mother, Joan Callaghan, had anything to do with the end of their relationship. "I hate responding to stuff [especially] at such difficult times but I cannot sit here and listen to such nasty, false articles regarding my mam," she wrote, adding she didn't know why her mother has even been mentioned in articles about her. "I can assure you she has absolutely nothing to do with any of it."

"I am a grown woman who is capable of dealing with my own life," Cole continued. "She is a soft and kind woman who doesn't deserve to be dragged into something that has nothing whatsoever to do with her."

Her tweet came one day after both Cole and Payne announced their split on Twitter. "Cheryl and I are sad to announce that we are going our separate ways," the former One Direction singer wrote on Sunday. "It's been a tough decision for us to make. We still have so much love for each other as a family. Bear is our world and we ask that you respect his privacy as we navigate our way through this together."

Their statements refer to their 1-year-old son, Bear, whose name Payne explained to James Corden on The Late Late Show in 2017, six months after he was born. "When he was born, I think one of the midwives said it, he had this thing where they don't have a good cry, they get fluid in their lungs," he shared, demonstrating the sounds his son made.

It's a serious condition, and Payne brought in specialists to look over his son. One said that nothing was wrong with him and he just liked to make a lot of noise. After that, he became Bear. "Children live out their name," the singer added.

The couple had reportedly been together since late 2015, with People confirming rumors in early 2016. This wasn't the first time Cole responded to rumors regarding her relationship on Twitter. "This is a stupid article, clutching at very small straws," she wrote in March about a story that said he cheated on her. "But I can't ignore this story involving an innocent dancer colleague of Liam's who has a fiancé, and dragging them into this desperate attempt to try to cause problems between Liam and me."