Anthony Bourdain's will reveals he was worth $1.2 million — much less than previous estimates Late chef Anthony Bourdain had a lot less money than people thought he did, according to his will.

Court papers acquired by Page Six say Bourdain's assets amount to $1.21 million — a lot less than the previously estimated $16 million.

Bourdain's 11-year-old daughter, Ariane Busia-Bourdain, will reportedly receive the majority of his fortune.

But there's also an undisclosed amount of money in a trust, according to TMZ.



Anthony Bourdain's will has been obtained — and it reveals the late chef was worth far less than previous estimates had him pinned at.

According to court papers acquired by Page Six, Bourdain's assets amount to $1.21 million. The "Parts Unknown" host's net worth had previously been estimated at around $16 million.

The papers filed in Manhattan Surrogate's Court showed that Bourdain had $425,000 in "cash and savings," $35,000 in a brokerage account, $250,000 in "personal property," and $500,000 in "intangible property including royalties and residuals."

The will reportedly states that Bourdain's 11-year-old daughter, Ariane Busia-Bourdain, will receive the majority of his fortune. Ariane's mother and Bourdain's ex-wife Ottavia Busia is the executor of his estate.

Since his divorce with Busia was never formalized, she is legally still his next of kin. Bourdain reportedly left Busia his air miles, which he asks her in the will to "dispose of in accordance with what [she] believes to have been my wishes."

But in addition to the $1.21 million of assets designated in his will, Bourdain also kept an undisclosed sum in a private trust, according to documents obtained by TMZ.

It's not clear who will inherit the funds in the trust, or how much there is to inherit, but it's common for wealthy people to create trusts to protect their privacy and for tax management.

Anthony Bourdain and ex-wife Ottavia Busia. Evan Agostini/Invision/AP

People reports that the court will appoint a guardian to protect Ariane's interests in her father's estate because she is a minor.

The celebrity chef's New York condo, which was reported to be worth $3.35 million when he bought it in 2014, was not included in the will, but the filings indicate a $1 million mortgage liability for an unspecified property.

"I own an apartment with a mortgage that my ex-wife and my daughter live in, and I'm a renter. I should always be a renter," Bourdain told PEOPLE in February. "I regret buying that apartment. The bank owns it, and then you're stuck with it."

The will was apparently written in 2016 before his split with then-wife Busia. Bourdain was dating actress and activist Asia Argento at the time of his death by suicide.

Bourdain was in France working on Season 12 of "Parts Unknown" when he was discovered dead in his hotel room.