Cardi B and Offset proclaim themselves 'grandparents' after her dog gives birth to adorable puppies She's set to welcome her own child in a little over a month.

But it seems Cardi B is already celebrating new life, as her dog gave birth to a litter of puppies on Friday.

The 25-year-old Be Careful rapper shared the joyous occasion via a comprehensive video on Instagram.

Scroll down for video

Fun! It seems Cardi B is already celebrating new life, as her dog gave birth to a litter of puppies on Friday

The clip begins with Cardi addressing the camera, her rainbow dyed hair parted in the middle.

'Hey everybody, somebody was so thirsty to be a mom that she couldn’t wait,' gushed the singer, who then started repeating 'she got her cubs,' as she panned around the group of new puppies.

She then introduced 'the parents' with a shot of her dogs Boujee and Bentley, and finally the 'grandparents' via a selfie of her and fiance Offset, 26.

Excited! The clip begins with Cardi addressing the camera, her rainbow dyed hair parted in the middle

Cute! 'Hey everybody, somebody was so thirsty to be a mom that she couldn’t wait,' gushed the singer, who then started repeating 'she got her cubs,' as she panned around the group of new puppies

So small! One pup was struggling to find his feet it seemed

Her simple caption read 'Soooo happy [smile emojis]. Congrats to Boujee & Bentley [heart and paws emoji].'

Of course Cardi and her rapper fiance Offset are expecting their own progeny quite soon.

Earlier in the week the hitmaker came out saying that her pregnancy has changed her outlook.

Quite a pair! She then introduced 'the parents' with a shot of her dogs Boujee and Bentley

Old timers? She also made sure to include the 'grandparents' via a selfie of her and fiance Offset, 26

'I'm at this point in life, that like I don't wanna wear no heels, I don't wanna wear no sneakers. I just want to be barefoot all day,' she said.

'I don't want to wear a bra. I don't want to wear wigs. I don't want to talk to people.'

'If you want to have conversation with me, talk to me about food. I don't want to do s**t. I don't even want to look at people. I just want to hibernate like a d**n bear,' she continued.