John Boyega and Letitia Wright are the internet's new favorite couple, but are they a couple? John Boyega and Letitia Wright were the perfect pair at Monday’s Met Gala.

When the Star Wars actor, 26, picked up the Avengers: Infinity War and Black Panther actress, 24, at the Carlyle hotel en route to the Metropolitan Museum of Art for the fashion megaevent, he ‘shipped her appropriately. “Look at her! Look at her! Look at her!” he gushed as she climbed into the car all pumped up. “Look at this! You look ahhhh.” His video cuts off before he finished, but we’ll go ahead and finish for him: You look ahhhh-mazing.

John Boyega is truly worshiping Letitia Wright the way she deserves! pic.twitter.com/YLajcg1IuZ — tha'challa iw spoilers (@wakandapwr) May 8, 2018

Boyega and Wright walked the famous stairs red carpet, posing together perfectly. They partied together inside, with Wright marveling at all the “black excellence” at the event. Note: You may need sunglasses before hitting Play, ’cause there’s a lot of star power in these videos.

Advertisement Advertisement

But really before they even made their way up the staircase, the internet had basically already fallen in love with the pairing we didn’t even know we needed.

letitia wright and john boyega at the met gala (2018), oil on canvas, artist: god himself pic.twitter.com/PtH7DSlIFM — thor’s gf pau (@tomshuri) May 8, 2018

john boyega and letitia wright, that's it that's the tweet — nazifa (@walIylinda) May 8, 2018

JOHN BOYEGA AND LETITIA WRIGHT ??? A DUO I DIDNT KNOW I NEEDED BUT I FUCKING LOVE #METgala pic.twitter.com/wc93geOFsO — bell ✩⋆ in mourning (@SpiderlingTom) May 8, 2018

Advertisement Advertisement

Though rightfully there were questions. The main one being: Yes, they’re a pair on the red carpet, but are they also a romantic pair?

wait Letitia Wright and John Boyega are really together? — allison (@AlliApplebum) May 8, 2018

John Boyega and Letitia Wright are dating?!?!? — Caden Mark Gardner (@cadenmgardner) May 8, 2018

What a great pair!! Are they dating? Letitia Wright brings John Boyega to the Met Gala. pic.twitter.com/gPwVDh02S1 — Clint Romero (@BlackKingClint1) May 8, 2018

Advertisement Advertisement

People weren’t sure, but they continued to hop on board the Wright-Boy train.

Was I supposed to know that Letitia Wright and John Boyega are dating because this is legit brand new information for me and it makes me super happy — Hil (@ladyxboheme_) May 8, 2018

I know it’s a sin to say this, but DANG they look so good together #letitiawright #JohnBoyega pic.twitter.com/DTMRJk3M5K — My parents: Tom and Zendaya (@CamtheP) May 8, 2018

Literally nothing would make me happier than seeing John Boyega and Letitia Wright date — camila✨ (@camilatweets) May 8, 2018

Advertisement Advertisement

The internet even cast them in future projects because based simply on this appearance their chemistry was real.

@letitiawright and @JohnBoyega were SLAYING IT last night. I need a movie with these two costarring immediately. pic.twitter.com/4of88lR3x1 — Kathryn America (@marvel_kathryn) May 8, 2018

The internet also merged their movie taglines because of course the force should be with Wakanda.

I totally ship John Boyega and Letitia Wright now. May the force be with Wakanda ‍♀️ — Cierra (@blissfulhoying) May 8, 2018

So what is the deal? Boyega later wrote on Instagram that, before they were famous, he and Wright, who both grew up in London, used to talk “about the future in McDonald’s after drama classes.” He ended the post with, “Look at God and look at this amazing woman.”

So we loved that story hard, but we were still confused. Friends? Lovers? What’s up? Let’s toss it to Wright.

Image: Letitia Wright via Instagram

Advertisement Advertisement

She posted a video of herself posing solo on the carpet, and then she said, “John, do you want to pose together?” He appeared with her in the next video, which she captioned to make sure it was clear it is a platonic — or familial — situation.

All the attention they were getting online led to a second post from Wright about their being in the friend zone. She again used the “big bro” bit and said he accompanied her “so I wouldn’t be nervous.”

All that just made fans love them even more.

@JohnBoyega & @letitiawright are not only friends (I did not know this before tonight), they also went to the #METGALA18 together and my heart is just bursting. TWO OF MY FAVES ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ — heather joy (@hheatherjoy) May 8, 2018

john boyega and letitia wright are perfect examples that men and women can support each other, root for each other, and grow together, and be the best of friends. — Whitney Alese (@TheReclaimed) May 8, 2018

I know they’re just friends, but I ship Letitia Wright and John Boyega so hard. — Miss Yankee Universe (@the_Annelis) May 8, 2018

Advertisement Advertisement

I was living for @JohnBoyega and @letitiawright as a couple for like an hour until she captioned her story “big bro & little sis vibes.” I had no idea I could get that invested in a celebrity relationship so quickly. #shattered — Claire (@akarui_hi) May 8, 2018

I love that Letitia Wright is making it clear that she and John Boyega are just friends lol #metgala pic.twitter.com/6tjW6FkRRa — Laura (@lsirikul) May 8, 2018

Especially the McDonald’s part.

John Boyega and Letitia Wright went to drama school together in London and used to sit in McDonald's talking about their dreams. LOOK AT THEM NOW. #MetGala pic.twitter.com/vqZ3rUay6W — Ashley Spencer (@AshleyySpencer) May 8, 2018

Oh, we see them — and we hope we get to see much more in the future.

Read more from Yahoo Entertainment: