Who is Jack Brooksbank, Princess Eugenie's fiance? Princess Eugenie of York will marry Jack Brooksbank on Friday in the second royal wedding of 2018.

Mr Brooksbank, 32, was introduced to Eugenie, 28, while they were skiing at the royal hotspot of Verbier in Switzerland in 2010.

He described it as "love at first sight".

While on holiday in Nicaragua in January this year, Mr Brooksbank proposed to Eugenie, the youngest daughter of Prince Andrew, Duke of York, and Sarah, Duchess of York.

The wedding will take place at St George's Chapel in Windsor at 11am this Friday.

You need javascript enabled to view this content 1:05 Enable javascript to share Share Eugenie: An 'incredible' proposal

In the limelight since birth, a lot is known of Princess Eugenie - but who is Jack Brooksbank?

:: Family

He is the son of company director and chartered accountant George and his wife Nicola, who are both in their sixties.

Mr Brooksbank has a younger brother, Thomas, who is his best man.

His grandmother on his mother's side, Joanna Newton, 91, told The Sun her grandson was a "charming boy" but "not the most intelligent". She added that: "Jack has always had lovely manners and has always been a good egg."

Since 2001, the family's home has been an apartment in a gated period conversion in Wandsworth.

Mr Brooksbank is reportedly distantly related to Princess Eugenie.

According to The Daily Telegraph, the Duchess of York is the great-great granddaughter of Lady Julia Coke, who is the daughter of Mr Brooksbank's great-great grandfather, Thomas Coke.

Image: Mr Brooksbank says meeting Eugenie was 'love at first sight'

He is well loved by Eugenie's parents, with the Duchess of York posting a black and white photo of the happy couple on the day the engagement was announced, with the caption: "Total joy!!"

Prince Andrew, who has said he is "absolutely overjoyed" about the pairing, has called Jack "an absolutely outstanding young man".

Image: The second royal wedding of 2018 will be held in October

:: Education and work

Mr Brooksbank was educated at Stowe School in Buckinghamshire, but he opted not to attend university.

Instead he went straight into the hospitality industry.

He worked at the Admiral Codrington pub in Chelsea before being poached by Piers Adam, the millionaire owner of some of London's most trendy venues, to join the Chelsea gastropub Markham Inn.

He spent three years there and was introduced to Prince Harry during that time.

Think Jack said something funny! A post shared by Princess Eugenie (@princesseugenie) on Mar 9, 2018 at 10:42am PST

Among his other workplaces was Mayfair's Mahiki, but he is now brand ambassador for Casamigos tequila.

Casamigos was founded by actor George Clooney, along with two other men, but was sold last year to Diageo.

Mr Brooksbank has previously spoken about an ambition to run his own business, telling the Daily Mail: "I want to create a chain of pubs.

"It has been my dream since I was 18.

"I have fond memories of Sunday roasts in pubs with log fires, and it's something I want to recreate."