The Sinner season 2: Why isn't Jessica Biel in the new series? Jessica Biel will not star in The Sinner season 2

Netflix introduces season 2 of gripping thriller 'The Sinner'

The Sinner season two is currently streaming on Netflix now. All eight episodes dropped on Netflix this morning (Friday, August 3) at 8am, so fans of the thriller series are able to binge-watch over the weekend. But unfortunately, there is no sign of Jessica Biel in The Sinner season two.

WARNING: This article contains spoilers about The Sinner season one. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

You can sign up to a month free trial of Netflix to watch seasons one and two of The Sinner. Afterwards, you can subscribe for £5.99 per month.

Season one followed the story Cora Tannetti played by Jessica Biel, which is also available to stream and download on Netflix now.

Biel was nominated for a Golden Globe for best actress in a miniseries for her portrayal of Cora in season one of The Sinner. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

WHAT HAPPENED IN THE FIRST SERIES OF THE SINNER? Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Jessica Biel will not star in The Sinner season 2

Cora randomly stabs a man to death on the beach and Detective Harry Ambrose (played by Bill Pullman) takes on her case, trying to figure out why she has done it.

The plot of season one was a one ended story, with Cora receiving two years in a psychiatric facility, avoiding a 30-year jail sentence.

Therefore, season two sees Detective Harry Ambrose take on a brand new case, involving a double murder in his hometown of Keller, New York.

This means Jessica Biel does not appear in the new series of The Sinner.

Instead, she continues as Executive Producer on the show.

Speaking to Variety, Biel said: “We did talk a lot about does Cora come back for season two and what is the relationship because that's what was interesting to me.

“What happens when a woman goes through that? What is life like after that when the only person really in her life that she can connect with, even besides her husband, is the detective who got her out of this thing? But we just couldn't do it this particular season.”

Jessica Biel will not star in The Sinner season 2

Jessica Biel stars in violent thriller series The Sinner 1769449608qvncXVvd

Replacing Jessica Biel is Carrie Coon who plays Vera Walker.

Coon is best known for playing Nora Dust in The Leftovers an as Proxima Midnight in Avengers: Infinity War.

The official synopsis for season two reads: “Season two lures Detective Harry Ambrose back to his hometown in rural New York to assess an unsettling and heart-wrenching crime.

“Parents murdered by their 11-year-old son, with no apparent motive. As Ambrose realises there’s nothing ordinary about the boy or where he came from, the investigation pulls him into the hidden darkness of his hometown.

“He’s pitted against those who’ll stop at nothing to protect its secrets — and a mysterious woman who proves to be a complicated, enigmatic piece to this haunting puzzle.”

Detective Harry Ambrose (Bil Pullman) takes on a new case in The Sinner season 2

Who is in the cast of The Sinner season 2? Bill Pullman returns as Detective Harry Ambrose and is joined by Detective Heather Novack, played by Natalie Paul.

Hannah Gross plays Marin, Heather’s high school best friend who goes missing from Keller years ago whose disappearance has never been resolved.

Elisha Hening plays 11-year-old Julian Walker, the main suspect in the double murder case.

Other cast members include Ellen Adair as Bess McTeer and Adam David Thompson as Adam Lowry.

Reviews, gossip and upcoming show releases plus selected offers and competition Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

David Call plays Andy ‘Brick’ Brickowski, Jay O. Sanders plays Chief Tom Lidell and Brady Jenness stars as a young Harry Ambrose.