Sarah Paulson and Holland Taylor enjoy date night in NYC They recently defended their 'odd' romance against critics.

And Sarah Paulson and Holland Taylor looked happy and united as they enjoyed a date night to see Sandra Bernhard’s one woman show, Sandemonium, at Joe's Pub in New York City on Thursday night.

The American Horror Story star, 43, and the actress and playwright, 74 - who have been dating since 2015 - snapped a quick photo with the comedian as they supported her backstage after the show.

Date night: Sarah Paulson, 43, and Holland Taylor, 74, enjoyed a date night to see Sandra Bernhard’s one woman show, Sandemonium, at Joe's Pub in New York City on Thursday night

The couple were bundled up for their outing in The Big Apple, with both wearing beanies and donned heavy jackets.

In the backstage photo, Sarah held up a Sandemonium t-shirt to commemorate her time at the show.

'If you want to know what’s up. This. This is what’s up. Get to it if you can,' she captioned a snap on her Instagram page.

Bernhard is best known for her live performances and her Sirius XM radio show Sandyland.

Talented: The American Horror Story star and the actress and playwright snapped a quick photo with the comedian as they supported her backstage after the show

Sarah was enjoying some well-earned down-time ahead of a particularly busy 2018; to date, she has roles in seven upcoming films and fans are counting on her return for season eight of Ryan Murphy's American Horror Story.

Despite her hectic work schedule, the Emmy winner still finds time to have a personal life.

Sarah and Holland have been together for upwards of two years, and she recently defended their 'unconventional' romance in a revealing interview.

'My life choices are unconventional,' Sarah said in an interview with The Edit. 'I’m with a much older person and people find that totally fascinating and odd, and, to me, it’s the least interesting thing about me.

Just a number: Sarah and Holland have been together for upwards of two years, and she recently defended their 'unconventional' romance in a revealing interview (pictured in April)

'But I am a woman of a certain age who chose not to have children, and who has made my career my priority. I am the captain of my own ship, and I’ve never looked to anyone else to validate that.'

The actress also revealed many executives warned her against going public with the relationship.

She explained: 'Early on, when people found out I was with Holland, some said "I think you have to be careful, I’m afraid it’s going to affect your career negatively," I was like, what? It never occurred to me at all.'

That doubt crept into her brain just before giving her Emmys acceptance speech in 2016.

She wondered if she should mention Taylor at all but in the end, she decided to openly proclaim, ‘Holland Taylor, I love you.'