Sarah Jessica Parker’s $400 Airbnb Shopping Experience Sold Out If you always wanted to go shoe shopping with Sarah Jessica Parker (and who doesn’t?), you’re out of luck. The Sex & the City star launched a shopping excursion with Airbnb on Monday, September 25, and it already sold out in just two hours.

Related: Watch Sex and the City’s Never-Before-Seen Alternate Opening Credits ‘Sex and the City’ had an alternate opening credits sequence that didn’t feature Sarah Jessica Parker’s tutu-clad Carrie Bradshaw getting splashed by a bus — watch it here

The $400 price tag for the “Sole in the City with SJP” experience scores you a chance to have the shoe designer help you handpick a pair of shoes from her SJP Collection at Bloomingdale’s, a post-shopping snack of fro yo and a ticket to the New York City Ballet show, along with facetime with SJP herself.

“What better way to meet than at Bloomingdale’s 59th Street, an iconic NYC landmark, for what I hope is an unforgettable shoe-shopping experience,” Parker, 52, explains on the Airbnb site. “I’ll help you find the perfect pair of shoes from the SJP Collection to complete your look. As we peruse the shoe department, I’ll tell you about the line and how the city that never sleeps helped inspire it. Next we’ll head to Forty Carrots for what some may say is the best frozen yogurt in NYC and we’ll chat about my city and why I’ve called it home for so many years. After that, I’ll send you off in your new SJP shoes to a special evening at the exquisite and incomparable New York City Ballet. You’ll have some of the best seats in the house, plus some VIP surprises. It’ll be a night you won’t soon forget.”

Related: Sarah Jessica Parker: What’s in My Bag? Sarah Jessica Parker showed Us Weekly exclusively what's in her SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker Goya and Amie totes -- get the details!

Considering a pair of her shoes retail for between $295-$545 alone, this is actually a great deal! The bad news is there were only four spots available and they’re already booked. The good news that all proceeds from the experience go to help fund the New York City Ballet.

Going shoe shopping with a celebrity while giving back to the arts is something Stylish can totally get behind. Fingers crossed SJP does more of these in the future!

Related: Sarah Jessica Parker’s Style Evolution Sarah Jessica Parker became a fashion icon on HBO's Sex and the City, but the trendsetter has a unique style all her own -- see her best looks through the years!