Stranger Things: Noah Schnapp on the Character He Lobbied the Show Not to Kill This post contains spoilers for Stranger Things 2.

If you’re wondering throughout the second season of Stranger Things whether Noah Schnapp, who plays the once-missing “zombie boy” Will Byers, ever lost his voice from all that screaming, the answer is a definite “yes.”

Will spent most of the Netflix drama’s first season lost in the Upside Down. But this time around, he’s got a lot more screen time: he’s back in school, where bullies make fun of him; he keeps having terrifying “episodes” that expose him to the shadowy realm that co-exists with his sleepy Indiana hometown; and, perhaps most importantly, he’s got to decide how he feels about his prospective stepdad, played by none other than nerd royalty Sean Astin. Though this season holds many great surprises, one of its best is the skill and sensitivity with which Schnapp plays Will—turning what could have been a flat scream-fest into something more deeply resonant. At times, staring into Will’s wide, terrified eyes, it’s hard not to feel his isolation and terror.

In an interview with V.F., Schnapp outlined tackling some of this season’s greatest challenges—including, yes, losing his voice for three days from screaming so much in the finale.

Unsurprisingly, the massive success of Season 1 made the experience of filming Season 2 a little different. Security was beefed up: the cast’s scripts had to be “all rounded up and given to this one guy, so he could burn it or something,” according to Schnapp. And, yes, there were several meetings outlining what the cast could and could not discuss publicly—though plenty of people have still tried to coax spoilers out of the actor. “They’ll say it like, ‘So I know this is happening. Can you just confirm it?’ . . . People are very sneaky, but we’ve been drilled in not to say anything.”

The biggest challenge for Schnapp is one of relatability: “I’ve never been stuck in the Upside Down, and no one else I know has, so it was kind of something new to just create,” Schnapp said. His inspirations? Schnapp read stories and myths about people who had been possessed, then did his best to put himself in Will’s shoes. We won’t spoil the finale, but Will does spend one particularly harrowing scene screaming his lungs out. Although the Duffers initially instructed Schnapp not to strain his voice—the actual screaming sounds would be edited and added in later—he went for it anyway; as the actor explained, “it felt really weird [to have] my mouth open but not screaming.” Eventually, he paid the price.

“I was screaming and screaming,” Schnapp said. His voice held out for a full day of shooting—”but then the next morning I woke up, and I just—I’d open my mouth, and nothing came out for the next three days.”