Kendra Wilkinson Posts Birthday Tribute to Hugh Hefner Forever grateful! Kendra Wilkinson posted a heartfelt tribute to Hugh Hefner on his 91st birthday on Sunday, April 9.

The former centerfold thanked the Playboy magazine founder with an emotional Instagram message.

Related: Unlikely Celebrity Couples They dated?! From Tom Cruise and Cher to Taylor Kinney and Lady Gaga, some celebrity couples don't always make sense to the untrained eye. Check out these unexpected celebrity romances.

“Happy birthday Hef!!” she wrote. “Thank you for EVERYTHING. People might not understand you but that’s because they’ve never had the chance to know you like I do. I’ll celebrate you forever!!!”

Related: Stars Who Have Bared Their Souls About Their Struggles Celebrities like Justin Bieber, Courtney Stodden and Lea Michele have all spoken out about their struggles with drugs, health issues and the death of loved ones over the years — watch

Happy birthday Hef!! Thank you for EVERYTHING. People might not understand you but that's because they've never had the chance to know you like I do. I'll celebrate you forever!!! A post shared by Kendra Wilkinson Baskett (@kendra_wilkinson_baskett) on Apr 9, 2017 at 10:12am PDT

Wilkinson became a household name when she was just 18-years-old and moved into the Playboy mansion to star in The Girls Next Door.

She appeared on the reality series alongside Hefner’s other girlfriends, Holly Madison and Bridget Marquardt.

Wilkinson left the mansion and moved in with her now husband Hank Baskett in 2009, but went on to land two other reality shows, Kendra followed by Kendra on Top.

The 31-year-old maintains a good relationship with Hefner and has described him as “family” and an “angel.”

Related: Celebrities Who’ve Played Porn Stars Lovelace actress Amanda Seyfried isn't the first celeb to play a porn star. Here's a look at others -- including Elisha Cuthbert, Sarah Michelle Gellar, and Kim Cattrall -- who've taken on the adult film industry in character

To celebrate Hefner’s milestone, Us Weekly rounded up some of his best — and most ridiculous — life lessons.

Watch the video above to see some of his infamous quotes from the 1970s to today!