EXCLUSIVE: Sugar Bear Denies Mama June's Abuse Allegations: 'She's Pissed at Me' Mike "Sugar Bear" Thompson is speaking up against the abuse allegations made by his ex, Mama June Shannon.

On Tuesday, Mama June was a guest on The Wendy Williams Show, where she claimed Sugar Bear was "very emotionally and physically" abusive to her during their "many, many years" together. She also alleged that he does not have a relationship with their 11-year-old daughter, Alana "Honey Boo Boo" Thompson, and claims he injured 17-year-old Lauryn "Pumpkin" Shannon.



WATCH: Mama June Opens Up About Her Current Relationship With Sugar Bear: 'He Pisses Me Off'

"The abuse allegations are not true," Sugar Bear, who believes his marriage to new wife Jennifer Lamb has "a lot to do" with Mama June's anger, told ET on Tuesday. "It is not true, any of it. June won't let me see or talk to Alana."

"I have text messages where I text June and try to talk to Alana, but no response back from her," he continued. "The last time I saw Alana was at mine and Jennifer's wedding. I've tried to stay in touch with my daughter but June won't let me."

When ET chatted with Honey Boo Boo earlier this month (more on that below), she told us her father has poked fun at her weight a few times. Sugar Bear claims that is not true, either.

"I have never told Alana to lose weight or said anything to Alana about her weight," he said. "June's a damn liar. I would never hurt Alana in any way."

"Everything I've said is the truth," he added. "I'm just tired of being put down for it. June is saying these things because she's pissed at me. I never hurt any kid."



RELATED: Mama June Claims Sugar Bear Was 'Very Emotionally and Physically' Abusive

Following her shocking weight loss reveal on Mama June: From Not to Hot, ET caught up with Mama June for an exclusive sit-down interview, where she got candid on her and Sugar Bear's current relationship.

"When you get rid of trash, then you become a better person," she said at the time. "He really made me feel like s**t [and] I wanted to show him, 'Hey, I can do [whatever] I want to do'… I wanted to show him, like, I am actually worth it."

ET also spoke to Honey Boo Boo, who echoed her mother's words about her not having a relationship with her father, and spoke on the aforementioned comments about her weight.

"He calls me every once in a blue moon, so if there's a blue moon outside, he's going to call me," she explained. "The other day we were on the phone ...and we were talking about something, and he was like, 'I need to cut my grass, so I was like, 'Yeah, I'll come do it. I'm [going to] need a ride mower,' and he said, 'You're gonna need a push mower, 'cause it wouldn't hurt.'"



WATCH: Inside Mama June's New Life: Exercise, Eating and Dating Following Total Body Transformation!

"I was more mad of the point that he said, because I didn't get this shape from not eating," she continued. "The other day, I was talking to him again and he said it again."

Hear more in the video below.



-Reporting by Jennifer Peros

