Kylie Jenner shows off curvy figure for Flaunt Magazine She's undressed again - this time for Flaunt magazine.

Kylie Jenner gave Barbie vibes for the candy colored shoot, which included shots of her ample backside and her impossible curves.

The 19-year-old shared the photos, along with the caption - 'life in plastic it's fantastic' - which is a lyric from the 1997 hit song Barbie Girl by Aqua.

Scroll down for video

Feels like summer: Kylie Jenner gave Barbie vibes for the candy colored shoot for Flaunt magazine, which included shots of her ample backside and her impossible curves

She's a doll! In one shot, Kylie wears a high-cut eighties style swimsuit by Laina Rauma; the bold one piece highlighted the teen's curvy hips

The photo spread, titled 'So many margaritas, so little feeling,' features photos by Brendan Forbes for The Cadence Issue.

According to Flaunt's Twitter, Kylie appears 'in an exclusive fashion story.'

The nineties song by Aqua that Kylie refers to features lyrics like: 'I'm a Barbie girl, in a Barbie world/life in plastic, it's fantastic/you can brush my hair, undress me everywhere/imagination, life is your creation.'

In one shot, Kylie wears a high-cut eighties style swimsuit by Laina Rauma; the bold one piece highlighted the teen's curvy hips.

Juicy shot! The 19-year-old shared the photos, along with the caption - 'life in plastic it's fantastic' - which is a lyric from the 1997 hit song Barbie Girl by Aqua

Hourglass alert: The photo spread, titled 'So many margaritas, so little feeling,' features photos by Brendan Forbes for The Cadence Issue

Makeup artist Ariel Tejada used purple eye shadow on her lids with bubble gum pink lipstick.

The founder of Kylie Cosmetics used her go-to hairstylist Tokyo Stylez to cover up her raven locks with a long white wig that featured a heavy fringe.

In another shot of the Barbie inspired shoot, Kylie slipped on high-waisted bikini bottoms by Laina Rauma, that did little to cover her derriere.

The makeup entrepreneur complemented the summer piece with the matching swim top, adding a white T-shirt.

Kylie wore pointed lace-up boots by Manolo Blahnik with a baseball cap and bright pink glossy lipstick.

She posed proactively in the look - squatting down low; another shot was from behind as she posed on bright yellow spiral stairs.

Candyland: In another shot of the Barbie inspired shoot, Kylie slipped on high-waisted bikini bottoms by Laina Rauma, that did little to cover her derriere

Stylist Jill Jacobs dressed Kylie in another bright summer ensemble, this time a hot pink swimsuit.

Kylie posed on a deck chair in the halter top and string bottoms by Bunny Holiday, adding Charlotte Olympia bow heels and a large Chanel bracelet.

She brought back the Juicy Couture track bottoms for the Flaunt shoot; she sported a snakeskin and hot pink version with a Danielle Guizio crop top.

Kylie continued to rock the bold pink and purple makeup for the last shot of the spread, which took place inside a coordinating colored bedroom.

The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star posed in a light blue off-the-shoulder crop top with a matching skirt by Tlz L'Femme with nineties inspired sandals by Suecomma Bonnie.

LA girl! Kylie posed on a deck chair in the halter top and string bottoms by Bunny Holiday, adding Charlotte Olympia bow heels and a large Chanel bracelet

California living: Kylie continued to rock the bold pink and purple makeup for the last shot of the spread, which took place inside a coordinating colored bedroom

Kylie was in Peru for the past few days to meet with children with cleft palates, in association with the Smile Train organization.

The teenager donated $500,000 to the charity; she created a special limited edition color for a Kylie Cosmetics lip kit - titled Smile - with proceeds going directly to the charity.

The star and her mom Kris Jenner met with children suffering from the facial birth defect while in Peru.

Time off: Kylie pictured hanging out with local animals in Peru after she met with kids

The organization provides free surgery for the kids born in developing countries with cleft palate.

Kylie returned home via private jet on Thursday; she shared clips of the journey back to the states to her Snapchat.

Her friend model Jordyn Woods and her assistant Victoria Villarroel Gamero were also in Peru with the reality star and her mom.

Always time for a selfie: Kylie stopped to pose for a quick photo in Peru

So sweet: Kylie shared a Snapchat picture of her assistant Victoria Villarroel Gamero taking a nap on their private plane back to the states

Having fun: Kylie posted a playful clip of her and her friends on the plane as they made a star with their fingers