Khloe Kardashian Steps Out After Confirming Pregnancy News: Photos Khloé Kardashian was spotted out in L.A. for the first time since confirming her pregnancy news this week.

Related: Cutest Celebrity Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star, 33, who’s expecting her first child with boyfriend Tristan Thompson, was photographed at LAX and was later seen shopping at Polacheck’s Jewelers in Calabasas, California, on Saturday, December 23.

The Good American designer hid her baby bump under an oversize black hoodie and cropped shearling jacket that she paired with leggings, sneakers and sunglasses.

As previously reported, Kardashian confirmed her pregnancy on Wednesday, December 20, showing off her baby bump on Instagram.

“My greatest dream realized! We are having a baby!” she captioned the black-and-white photo of her bare belly with her hands covering her NBA player boyfriend’s.

Related: Khloe Kardashian and Tristan Thompson: A Timeline of Their Relationship Revisit Khloe Kardashian and Tristan Thompson’s romance with Us Weekly’s timeline of their relationship history — see more!

“I had been waiting and wondering but God had a plan all along,” she added. “He knew what He was doing. I simply had to trust in Him and be patient. I still at times can’t believe that our love created life!”

Us Weekly broke the news in September that the Strong Looks Better Naked author is pregnant, and a month later Us revealed that she and the Cleveland Cavaliers player, 26, are expecting a baby boy.

A source told Us that Kardashian has been having a relatively smooth pregnancy.

Related: Khloe Kardashian’s Road to Motherhood: Relive Her Best Quotes on Starting a Family As Us Weekly exclusively revealed, Khloe Kardashian is pregnant — relive her best quotes about motherhood and family!

“Khloé has not had any morning sickness or had any less than pleasant pregnancy symptoms,” the insider said, adding that the parents to be are looking for a new home for their growing family.

The reality TV star currently splits her time between her home in Calabasas and Thompson’s place in Ohio.

“Tristan is house shopping and renting a house,” the insider said. “[Khloé] loves her house but they might get a bigger house together.”