Dakota Meyer files for divorce from Bristol Palin Dakota Meyer has filed for divorce from Bristol Palin a source tells DailyMail.com.

The veteran filed paperwork two weeks ago according to the source, and moved out of the couple's Austin home around Christmas.

The couple were married in a private ceremony back in 2016, a little over a year after calling of their first wedding just days before the ceremony.

They have two daughters, 2-year-old Sailor and Atlee Bay, who was born back in May. Bristol, 27, also has a 9-year-old son Tripp from her relationship with fiancee Levi Johnston.

Dakota also blocked Bristol on social media says the source.

Forced smiles: Dakota Meyer has filed for divorce from Bristol Palin a source tells DailyMail.com. The couple shares two children, daughter Sailor and Atlee Bay

Meet me at the altar in your white dress: Bristol and Dakota were married in June 2016 (above shortly after their ceremony), six months after the birth of daughter Sailor

Boot scootin' bogey: He moved out of the couple's home in Austin around Christmas and blocked Bristol on social media adds the source (Bristol with Tripp, Sailor and baby Atlee strapped to her chest in early 2017)

It has been over two months since the couple was seen together in a photo Bristol posted to Instagram of the family at Thanksgiving.

They also posed for a holiday photo around that time, with neither Bristol or Levi wearing their wedding ring.

TMZ was the first to report news of the split.

'These girls are my everything': Meyer captioned this snap back on January 6

Daddy-daughter time: Dakota shared this back in June to Instagram and wrote: 'Started getting ready for the @competitiondynamics 2017 Sniper Adventure Challenge today!'

The couple had planned to wed over Memorial Day Weekend in Dakota's home state of Kentucky back in 2015, but the wedding was called off at the last second.

That December, Bristol gave birth to the couple's daughter Sailor Grace.

Six months after she announced that birth, Bristol and Dakota surprised everyone by revealing they were married.

Dakota had first revealed he and Bristol were back together just days prior with a photo he posted on Facebook and Instagram, which showed his former fiancee wearing a diamond ring.

'On one hand, we know that everything happens for a reason, and there are no mistakes or coincidences,' wrote Dakota.

'On the other hand, we learn that we can never give up, knowing that with the right tools and energy, we can reverse any decree or karma.

'So, which is it? Let the Light decide, or never give up? The answer is: both.'

He also posted a photo of the two fishing on Friday and wrote: 'Had an amazing time halibut fishing with @bsmp2 yesterday. #lifecouldntbebetter'

Bristol also posted a photo from the trip, writing: 'Played hooky and had the best time halibut fishing!'

Sister love: Dakota shared this sweet snap in July and captioned it '#proudfather'

Loved-up: On May 17 last year Dakota shared this snap with a sweet caption: 'My #wcw goes out to the woman that helps me be a better man!'

Dakota often shares photos of his two daughters to Instagram. On January 6 he shared a snap of the three of them together captioning it: 'These girls are my everything'.

On Sailor's second birthday in December he shared a snap of her and wrote: 'Happy 2nd birthday to my princess. You’re my world.'

In October he shared another snap of the two girls saying: 'It's crazy how I know I need them more than they'll ever need me.'

He also has never been one to shy away from sharing loved-up posts about Bristol. On May 17 last year he shared a snap of the two of them with a sweet caption: 'My #wcw goes out to the woman that helps me be a better man!'

Dakota - who is the youngest person ever to be awarded the Medal of Honor - met Bristol in May 2014 during filming of Sarah Palin's Sportsman Channel show Amazing America.

Dakota met Bristol in May 2014 during filming of Sarah Palin's Sportsman Channel show Amazing America. Here they are at the holidays in Alaska with the Palins, including Willow, Trig, Todd and Piper, 14 months ago

The pair got engaged during a Rascal Flatts concert in Las Vegas in early 2015, planning a wedding in his native Kentucky.

But less than a week before the ceremony, Bristol announced the wedding would not take place and instead of tying the knot she set off on an RV trip in Alaska with an exotic model.

A month later she announced her pregnancy, although she initially refused to say whether Dakota was the father.

She admitted that her second out-of-wedlock pregnancy was 'a huge disappointment to my family'.

'I do not want any lectures and I do not want any sympathy,' Bristol said.

'Everyone knows I wanted more kids, to have a bigger family. Believing I was heading that way, I got ahead of myself. Things didn't go as planned, but life keeps going on.'

Sailor Grace, was born on December 23, 2015.

The pair got engaged during a Rascal Flatts concert in Las Vegas in early 2015, but then called off a May wedding that year

Dakota - who is the youngest person ever to be awarded the Medal of Honor - became a father the first time when Sailor, pictured, was born in December 2015 to his then ex-fiancee Bristol

They married secretly in 2016, and welcomed daughter Atlee Bay in spring 2017

Unlike the birth of Sailor, which happened when the couple were estranged, Dakota and Bristol were happily together for Atlee Bay's birth

As recently as October 2017, the couple were sharing 'date night' selfies together

The couple went through a custody battle after the birth, with Sarah Palin shaming her now son-in-law when he asked for child support in court papers, but managed to come to an agreement.

Sarah told Entertainment Tonight in a statement after learning about Meyer's child support request: 'For many months we have been trying to reach out to Dakota Myers [sic] and he has wanted nothing to do with either Bristol's pregnancy or the baby.'

She then said that Meyer was just trying to 'save face'.

Bristol's rep also released a statement, saying: 'My values are such that a real American hero doesn't ask for child support.'

Bristol and Levi settled their child custody arrangement over son Tripp back in February of 2016 after seven years of court battles..

Levi announced the news on Facebook, writing; 'I'm so happy to have my son in my life, and to put all of this back in forth in the courts behind me.

'It might have taken me 7 years and cost me around $100,000 in lawyer fees, spread out among 3 different lawyers, as well as a lot of patience, but it was all worth it.

'I'm happy now to be successfully co-parenting.'

Bristol seemed to confirm this, posting a message on her Instagram account that read; 'The best security blanket a child can have is two parents who respect each other.'

High school sweethearts Levi and Bristol first hit the headlines during the 2008 Republican National Convention when they turned up for a show of family solidarity with Sarah Palin, who had been chosen by Republican presidential candidate John McCain as his running mate.

Teenage Bristol first made news in 2008 - when she took the stage with Levi Johnston at the Republican National Convention while pregnant with their child. Sarah Palin said the couple planned to marry, but they split shortly after Tripp's birth in December 2008

The vice presidential hopeful announced the oldest of her five children was pregnant during the convention, as she attempted to spin what could have been a family embarrassment into a positive, life-affirming narrative designed to underline her pro-life credentials.

A then 18-year-old Levi gripped Bristol's hand as he stood alongside the Palin clan on stage in St. Paul, Minnesota.

At the time, Sarah Palin insisted the expectant parents would get married, but the relationship soon soured and they called off their engagement in March 2009, just three months after Tripp was born on December 27, 2008.

Bristol went on to write a memoir, Not Afraid of My Life, a book about getting pregnant at 17, in which she called Levi a 'gnat' who had 'stolen her virginity' while she was drunk.

But then she insisted to Good Morning America's Robin Roberts that she was 'not accusing Levi of date rape - or rape at all'.

Bristol is now the second of the Palin children who is divorced with children from multiple partners.