Halle Berry's Trainer Says She's Got The Body Of A 25-Year-Old (She's 51) Have you seen Halle Barry lately?! OMG. The actress has always looked good, but at 51 she looks freaking amazing (and definitely defies the normal science of aging). Now, her trainer is spilling what’s behind Halle's toned, fit physique.

Peter Lee Thomas has been working with Halle for about two years, and told People she’s super committed to fitness.

“I had no idea what her age was when I met her. I never looked or was interested in that, and when I found out, I was absolutely shell-shocked because she has the discipline and athleticism of a 25-year old."

So, Thomas did what any good trainer would do, and decided to challenge Halle even more, with a combination of exercises like martial arts, boxing, yoga and “a lot of military training [like] the Navy Seals would do.”

In fact, Halle is so awesome at working out, that Thomas said she could “very easily transition” into becoming a professional athlete if she wanted to.

“She’s also not afraid to experiment and explore and take risks when it comes to fitness," Thomas said, "because she understands that in order for there to be potential growth and change, she’s going to have to do things that are commonly difficult to do."

Thomas, who trains Halle five days a week, revealed to People he surprises her with something new every day. “I bring a constellation of things,” he said. “That, in itself, is quite challenging because she has to be ready almost on improv. It can break a lot of people, who don’t see the workout the day prior.”

Of course, what she eats matters, too. According to Thomas, Halle follows the keto diet.

And based on her social media presence, Halle is proud of what she can do. She offers up her own weekly #FitnessFriday workout tips on Instagram, like the importance of stretching:

Or how to get the motivation to start working out:

Plus, she even shares some of the workout moves she and Thomas do together, both via posts and in her story.

Bottom line: Halle works hard for that body—and it shows.