Chrissy Teigen claps back at troll who deemed her Glamour cover 'awful' She's the queen of social media clap backs.

And on Tuesday, Chrissy Teigen cleverly dissed a Twitter troll who deemed her recent Glamour cover 'awful.'

'Thank you, Heidi. In the future I will try harder to be the best cover model. if you could please send me specific tips and tricks (or past covers you've shot for reference) that would be so awesome,' she wrote.

Clap back: Chrissy Teigen is one of Glamour's 2018 Women Of The Year honorees. And on Tuesday, the 32-year-old model cleverly dissed a Twitter troll who deemed her recent Glamour cover 'awful'

Teigen's cover shot featured her in an oversized, white sweater and a mesh green skirt.

Her glam included slicked back hair and au natural makeup.

The Twitter troll, otherwise known as @heidikoz1, did not approve of the chosen image.

'This photo of you is quite frankly, awful,' she wrote. 'At first glance I didn’t recognize you. I know you don’t give a d**n, but girl if you’re going to be magazine cover material, make it worth it.'

What's not to like? Teigen's cover shot featured her in an oversized, white sweater and a mesh green skirt. Her glam included slicked back hair and au natural makeup

Chrissy is one of Glamour's 2018 Women Of The Year honorees.

She was named The Influencer for her relatability, candor, and generosity.

'Honored to be one of Glamour’s Women of the Year amongst other women I admire and adore so much,' she wrote on Instagram.

'I am not worthy but I will continue to try to make you laugh, give love through food, and wad the panties of a******s trying to keep you down.'

Ironic: The Twitter troll is clearly a fan of Teigen's. She bought her new cookbook Cravings: Hungry For More on October 11

The wife of John Legend boasts more than 20.9 million followers on Instagram, as well as more than 10.7 million on Twitter.

In an interview with CBS Sunday Morning, Teigen talked about her influencer status.

'I wear my heart on sleeve, I'm very vocal, I'm very spur of the moment,' she said. 'I think people on social media are my friends. Is that so weird?'