Married Jason Aldean kisses Brittany Kerr... as American Idol reject deletes her Twitter account Pictured: The moment married Jason Aldean kissed Brittany Kerr... as American Idol reject deletes her Twitter account



He has apologised for 'screwing up' after he was caught on camera kissing a former American Idol contestant.

Photos taken at a Hollywood bar show country star Jason Aldean, who is married with two children, getting very cosy with Brittany Kerr.

The 35-year-old appears to be all over the cheerleader, placing his arms around her waist and nuzzling her neck.

Sealed with a kiss: Country music star Jason Aldean, who is married with two children, can be seen kissing former American Idol contestant Brittany Kerr; both have since issued public apologies

After flirting for a while Aldean can be seen leaning in for a kiss with the pretty blonde, who places her hands on his shoulders and reciprocates.

At one point, Aldean places his hand over Kerr's and the pair gaze intently into each other's eyes.



The pair were pictured last Wednesday night in the patio area of The Den, a popular hangout for locals and tourists along L.A.'s Sunset Boulevard.

Aldean, 35, was wearing a checkered shirt, silver hoops in his ears and bracelets, but must have left his trademark cowboy hat at home.

Very cosy: The pair were gazing into each other's eyes as they partied at The Den in West Hollywood on Wednesday night

Hands on: The singer appeared to be all over the cheerleader

Meanwhile 24-year-old Kerr, whose first time singing in front of people was at her American Idol audition, wore a tight white tank top and jeans.

While Aldean has utilised Twitter to publicly declare his regret, it seems the backlash became too much for Kerr.

The Bobcats dancer has deleted her own account on the social networking website after fans of Aldean labelled her a 'homewrecker', sent profanities and accused her of 'taking advantage' of the married country star.

'Not a representation of my true character': The blonde has shared her regret over the encounter

Wild night: The singer says his infidelity was down to too much alcohol and that he 'screwed up'

She has since released a statement apologising, saying: 'The actions I portrayed recently were not a representation of my true character, but a lapse in judgment on my part.

'I would like to sincerely apologize to everyone that has been affected by this, including my friends & family.'

Take a Little Ride hitmaker Jason also reached out to his 700,000 plus followers on Sunday, after news broke of his infidelity, to apologise.

He wrote: 'The truth is that I screwed up. I had too much to drink, let the party get out of hand and acted inappropriately at a bar.'

He insisted that he 'left alone, caught the bus to our next show and that's the end of the story.'

Backlash: Brittany has since deleted her Twitter page after Aldean fans branded the aspiring singer a 'homewrecker'

Popular haunt: The Den is situated on West Hollywood's Sunset Strip and is a hot spot for locals and tourists

Aldean added: 'I ultimately ended up embarrassing my family and myself. I'm not perfect, and I'm sorry for disappointing you guys.'

Aldean, who performed in Southern California over the weekend, has been married to his high school sweetheart, Jessica Ussery, since August 2001.

He has previously credited her for providing stability in his life.

The couple have two daughters, Keeley, nine, and Kendyl, four.

Hugging and kissing: Jason and Brittany were caught indulging in some scandalous behavior at The Den on L.A.'s Sunset Strip last week



Married man: Jason and his wife, Jessica, pictured at the American Country Awards in December, share two children and have been married since 2001