How Prince Harry and Meghan Markle honored Princess Diana at their wedding Updated May 19, 2018, 5:52 p.m. ET

WINDSOR, England — Princess Diana, Prince Harry's mother, passed away in 1997, but her presence was strongly felt at her son's wedding.

“It is days like today when I really miss having her around and miss being able to share the happy news," Harry said during his engagement interview in November.

"I’m sure she’s with us, yeah, you know, jumping up and down somewhere else,” he added.

And on their big day, the new Duke and Duchess of Sussex honored the beloved princess in a number of ways.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

The guests

Prince Harry was "keen to involve his mother’s family in his wedding," Kensington Palace said in the run-up to the nuptials.

Diana's three siblings - Earl Charles Spencer, 53, Lady Sarah McCorquodale, 63, and Lady Jane Fellowes - were in attendance. Lady Jane, who made a speech at her younger sister Diana's funeral, gave the only reading -- from the Song of Solomon -- at the wedding ceremony.

The ring

Harry designed Duchess Meghan's ring with a central cushion-cut diamond from Botswana and two brilliant cut diamonds on the outside that belonged to his late mother.

The hymn

The hymn “Guide Me, O Thy Great Redeemer,”sung at the wedding, was also sung during Diana’s funeral.

The flowers

Prince Harry picked flowers from the gardens of Kensington Palace to include in his bride's bouquet, which was designed by florist Philippa Craddock.

"The spring blooms include Forget-Me-Nots which were Diana, Princess of Wales’ favorite flower. The couple specifically chose them to be included in Ms. Markle’s bouquet to honour the memory of the late Princess on this special day," Kensington Palace said in a statement.

The singer

Elton John, who performed a reworked version of Candle in the Wind at Diana's funeral, was a guest at the wedding and performed at the lunchtime reception.

"Prince Harry asked Sir Elton to perform at the Reception which was hosted by Her Majesty The Queen at St George's Hall, Windsor Castle," Kensington Palace said in a statement. "Sir Elton performed for the newly married couple in recognition of the close connection he has with Prince Harry and his family," the palace added.

The charities

The couple asked that charitable donations be made in lieu of wedding gifts. Two of their chosen charities are dedicated to causes Diana supported. The Children's HIV Association (CHIVA) provides resources for HIV positive children and young adults in Ireland and the U.K., and Crisis provides homeless people in England, Scotland and Wales with support, counsel and courses.