Mindy Kaling opens up about motherhood and heartbreak in a jet lag-fueled Twitter Q&A Mindy Kaling attempted to overcome her jet lag on Monday after landing in London by launching a Twitter Q&A with fans.

During the back-and-forth with social media users, the 39-year-old was asked about motherhood, her best relationship advice, and her daughter Katherine, who will turn one in December.

Answering fans, Mindy got candid about her baby girl's upcoming birthday and the nonstop thrill of being a mom.

Revealed: Mindy Kaling, 39 (pictured at the Glamour Women of the Year summit on Sunday), traveled to London on Monday and experienced jet lag

Staying awake: She decided to launch a Twitter Q&A with fans to keep her up after the flight

Interesting: During the Q&A, Mindy revealed what it was like to be mom to her daughter, Katherine, who is turning one in December

Suggestions? One fan asked what Mindy will do for Katherine's birthday, which will be celebrated while the pair is in London

Important: Another fan wanted to know what Katherine was up to as she got older

Too cute! These questions about Katherine come after Mindy shared her first snap of the child on Halloween (pictured)

When one fan asked what being a mother was like, Mindy had the perfect analogy.

'Like being the head of a company that makes cool new tech and every time you come home your favorite employee shows you something really cool they’ve been working on,' she responded.

Mindy has been quite private about her daughter, but on Halloween she shared the first picture of them together, wearing costumes. Katherine was a lion while Mindy was mustard.

Mindy has been otherwise reticent about Katherine since her birth, but the mom was willing to give fans some details about her upcoming birthday.

'I'm in London for it! Would love some tips!' she wrote, responding to a fan's question about her plans. 'Birthday party in Hyde park? It's probably too cold but would love to take her to the Princess Diana fountain.'

Another fan asked what Katherine is up to now that she is almost one year old.

'She loves babbling,' Mindy responded. 'It's nonstop baby chatter in my house.'

Not all of the questions were motherhood-related, and some fans wanted advice on relationships and getting over break-ups.

Powerful: One fan wanted advice on heartbreak, and Mindy said one day she would look back and roll her eyes

Upset: Mindy advised one fan to go for men instead of boys after the person asked for advice

Love: During one response, Mindy revealed how people reached out to her after the death of her mom to explain how the woman impacted their own lives

Same: Another question inquired what Mindy's favorite song was at the moment, and she revealed it is Ariana Grande's latest single

'Advice for heartbreak?' one fan implored online.

Mindy responded: 'Remember that the horribleness you feel now will one day make you roll your eyes. Good luck, friend.'

Another piece of love advice came when one fan asked, 'Why don't boys like me?' to which Mindy responded, 'Ew who wants boys, go get a man.'

One fan asked Mindy what the nicest thing anyone has ever done for the star.

In response, Mindy said: 'Great question. People who brought me over prepared food when I had my baby. People who knew my mom and wrote me about her impact on their life after she passed away.'

In 2012, Mindy's mom, Swati Chokalingam, died from pancreatic cancer. She decided to honor her mother after having Katherine by giving the young girl the same middle name as Swati.

One more lighthearted question was about the actress' favorite song at the moment, and it was one many can relate to as it has taken over the airwaves.

'Thank u next!' Mindy responded, which is Ariana Grande's latest single. 'I'm gen pop 4 life.'