Jenelle Evans Wedding Dress: Teen Mom 2 Star Found Her Dream Gown! 



She said yes — to the dress! This year has been pretty great to Jenelle Evans — so far in 2017, she’s given birth to her baby girl Ensley Jolie, got engaged to her fiancé David Eason, and now she’s getting married! Shortly after she announced her wedding date, the Teen Mom 2 star tackled the next big step in the planning process — finding her perfect wedding dress!

The 25-year-old shared adorable snaps from her day spent wedding dress shopping in NYC for her September 23 nuptials. Jenelle wore an off-the-shoulder white dress with lace detail to symbolize that she’s the bride, and she stopped to pose in front of rows and rows of racks filled with gorgeous wedding dresses. “It’s finally happening!” she wrote, and she later revealed that she chose a dress.

https://www.instagram.com/p/BWksSvGgT97/

Next, she shared a photo of her wedding dress shopping squad, posing with two unidentified brunettes. She said she brought her pals along to help, but many fans pointed out that Jenelle’s mom, Barbara Evans, was noticeably absent from such a special occasion.

“Where is your mom? Your mother needs to be there,” one fan wrote, and another commented, “Let me guess? You didn’t invite your mom to come with. So sad to not share these moments with people who have been there for you from the beginning.”

The mother-daughter duo is notorious for having a very tumultuous relationship, and their issues intensified back in 2011, shortly after Jenelle signed over custody of her son Jace to her mom. But since then, Jenelle has been awarded more visitation with Jace, and back in July, she gave fans an update on the state of her relationship with her mom.

https://www.instagram.com/p/BWks-GjgKUB/

“We are in the same situation,” the reality star told E! News. “We went to court about Jace and I got a visitation schedule set, but she’s still kind of bent out of shape because I still have resentment towards her for still keeping my son and we still butt heads.”

“I think our relationship’s lost,” she continued. “I don’t ever think there’s really coming back at any point in time.”

Love Teen Mom? Be sure to join our Teen Mom Facebook group to chat about all the latest updates and juicy gossip!

Scroll through the gallery below to see Jenelle and David’s cutest moments as a couple!