Ja Rule Says Fyre Festival Guests Are Safe, Offers Refunds 

After his ultra-expensive Fyre Festival in the Bahamas turned into a disaster, Ja Rule issued an update via Twitter on Sunday, saying that all the guests who had traveled to the event are safe and can apply for refunds.

Relieved to share that all guest are safe, and have been sent the form to apply for a refund. Our deepest apologies… #fyrefestival — Ja Rule (@Ruleyork) April 30, 2017

The Fyre Festival, for which weekend tickets were sold at prices ranging from $1,000-$12,000, was slated to include artists like Blink-182, Migos, and Major Lazer. Created by Ja Rule and entrepreneur Billy McFarland, the festival promised luxury living conditions and cuisine for attendees, with the most expensive ticket packages offering private tours and yacht rides.

Instead, festival goers flooded the internet with pictures and stories of a half-finished festival site with poorly-constructed disaster relief tents, haphazard luggage handling, ham sandwiches served in take-out cartons, and staff that had been left in the dark with no instructions from festival organizers.

Shortly after guests arrived, Blink-182 cancelled, citing doubts they could provide “the quality of performances we always give fans.”

On Friday, Ja Rule posted a statement on social media saying that the festival was “not a scam” and that he was “heartbroken” at what had happened in the Bahamas.

“I truly apologize as this is NOT MY FAULT,” he wrote, “but I’m taking responsibility. I’m deeply sorry to everyone who was inconvenienced by this.”

In addition, an apology was issued Sunday from the official Fyre Festival Twitter account. The Bahamas Tourism board also issued a statement of their own on Friday. Both statements can be read below.

#FyreFestival is a dream & vision we poured our hearts & souls into creating, 2017 fell dramatically short of even modest expectations — Fyre Festival (@fyrefestival) April 30, 2017

We’re heartbroken that we let down all the guests who put their faith in us (con’t) — Fyre Festival (@fyrefestival) April 30, 2017

To our guests and staff–thank you again for your all patience as we navigate our next steps. We owe you an apology (con’t) — Fyre Festival (@fyrefestival) April 30, 2017

Guests have been sent a form that will provide the necessary information to apply for a refund — Fyre Festival (@fyrefestival) April 30, 2017