Nick Jonas reveals how he proposed to Priyanka Chopra – Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas got engaged after three dates All eyes are on Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas this weekend as the couple prepares to make things official in a three-day wedding extravaganza in India. And, while the world already knew that the romance was a whirlwind, Jonas and Chopra have only just divulged the details of how they got together, including the incredibly romantic way they got engaged.



In a new interview with American Vogue, Jonas explained that he proposed to Chopra after just three dates, but a year and a half after meeting.

The couple first set eyes on one another at the Vanity Fair Oscar's party in 2017, where Jonas apparently got on one knee and said: "You’re real. Where have you been all my life?"

SUNIL VERMA // Getty Images

Related Story What we know about Nick and Priyanka's wedding

The singer explains that the couple then texted for a while, before choosing to attend the Met Gala together in May, where they were both dressed in Ralph Lauren and posed on the red carpet, although not as a couple.

Jonas and Chopra then didn't see each other for an entire year, until they ran into one another on the 2018 Met Gala red carpet. After this, things moved quickly.

Three dates in and Jonas called Chopra's mother to inform her that he was going to propose. The singer shut down a Tiffany & Co store in London so that he could pick out the perfect ring and then whisked her off to Crete for her birthday. Jonas explained that he waited until midnight to propose, so that their engagement anniversary would not cross over with her birthday celebrations.

What to Read Next

"I got down on one knee, again, and I said: 'Will you make me the happiest man in the world and marry me?' No joke — she took about 45 seconds. 45 seconds of silence."

He then said: "I’m going to put this ring on your finger now unless you have any objections."



The sweet proposal has been followed by a few months of wedding planning, which will result in a three-day celebration in India, with two ceremonies taking place. From what she is expected to wear to who might be in attendance, find out everything we know about Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas' wedding here.