Beyonce and JAY-Z Show Off Twins in Epic 'On the Run II' Concert Footage Are we finally getting a look Beyonce and JAY-Z's adorable twins?

It's been almost a year since the couple welcomed daughter Rumi and son Sir, and they may have finally shared new pics of their bundles of joy during their On the Run II tour kickoff in Cardiff, Wales, on Wednesday.

Fans quickly took to social media to share pics of the screens at the beginning of the concert, which show the proud parents cradling two babies. In one pic, Beyonce wears her hair in braids and dons a cream dress while, on the opposite side of the stage, her rapper husband is in the same pose. In between the two are the phrases, "Love Is Universal" and "Love Never Changes."

But just as fans were getting worked up, ET learned that the babies in question were not actually Rumi and Sir.

However, later on in the show, the real Carter twins appeared along with Blue Ivy during what appears to be an intimate vow renewal ceremony.

Beyonce's mother, who is also seen in the holding Rumi in the footage, confirmed these were in fact the real twins when she shared the pic on Instagram along with the caption, "My babies."

A source exclusively tells ET that the couple wants their tour to be a "family affair."

"Beyonce and JAY Z want to let fans into their lives on their own terms," the source says. "They start the show as a united front, entering together from above the stage. This is symbolic of the couple working through their previous issues and sticking together."

"Beyonce and JAY Z worked really hard on this tour making it an over the top experience for their fans," the source continues. "The stage is bigger than ever, the performances are over the top and they will be showing numerous family photos and videos of the couple. The three kids will be traveling with mom and dad when they can. Beyonce and JAY Z don't like to be away from the kids for too long."

The last time the couple shared images of Sir and Rumi was when they turned one month on July 13, 2017, and the singer posted the epic picture of her cradling them on Instagram.

Meanwhile, ET recently caught up with the On the Run II opening act, Chloe x Halle, who teased an "incredibly epic" tour.

Watch the video below to hear what they shared.

RELATED CONTENT: