Russell Wilson posts sweet Mother's Day message to Ciara Was he taking about their future kids... or Future's kid?

Russell Wilson posted a sweet Mother's Day message to his wife Ciara on Saturday.

But his choice of words quickly courted controversy.

'Raising our kids': Russell Wilson posted sweet Mother's Day message to wife Ciara on Saturday... but caused controversy with his choice of words

'Nothing better than spending time with you,' he wrote. 'You are an amazing mom & I'm so grateful I get to spend the rest of my life with you & raising our kids. I love you! #HappyMothersDay Weekend my love. @Ciara'

The comments section of his Instagram page quickly lit up with people both attacking him and commending him for using the word 'our'.

Ciara gave birth to the couple's first child - daughter Sienna - two weeks ago.

But Ciara is also mom to Future Zahir Wilburn - who turns three next week - with her rapper ex Future.

Happy family: Ciara gave birth to the couple's first child - daughter Sienna - two weeks ago

'@future "OUR KIDS"??,' one commenter wrote, tagging the biological father.

'our? their future looking dim,' another spat.

'Ur kid not our kids baby future is future child,' a third wrote.

'You gotta think how @future thinks,' another claimed. 'He still has a kid that's not yours and no matter what you have to respect that as a man.'

Blended: But Ciara is also mom to Future Zahir Wilburn - who turns three next week - with her rapper ex Future. Since they started dating in 2015, Russell has grown closer and closer to Ciara and Future's son — which hasn't always sat easy with the rapper.

However the vast majority of followers had nothing but supportive things to say.

'Good men know how to be just that. So many upset. You said correct our kids. Don't ever single out her child that not yours cuz at the end of the day those kids are siblings,' one wrote.

'How dare he be an excellent step father and treat Little Future as his own! The nerve of this man!' another sarcastically jibed.

Many pointed out that if Russell had done the opposite and only referenced his daughter, he would have taken even more heat.

Not happy: In July of 2015, Future lashed out at his ex after photos emerged of Wilson pushing Future Jr in a stroller (pictured January 2014)

'If he had put our "child" instead of "children" he'd be getting crap for not acknowledging her son,' one commenter wrote. 'He obviously loves him enough to include him. Give it a rest. Mixed families deal with enough without others trying to create or exacerbate problems.

'Isn't he supposed to love him as one of his own?' another added. 'if he didn't you guys would have had something to say as well. smh y'all are never happy.'

Of course 'our kids' could also refer to any future children the happy couple may intend having too.

Trio: Ciara posted an Instagram photo last Saturday of her, her husband and her son Future's hospital bracelets

Since they started dating in 2015, Russell has grown closer and closer to Ciara and Future's son — which hasn't always sat easy with the rapper.

In July of 2015, Future lashed out at his ex after photos emerged of Wilson pushing Future Jr in a stroller.

'If I was a kid, and my mom had a dude pushing me, I would’ve jumped out the stroller and slapped the sh*t out of him,' he declared at the time.