The Real Housewives of New Jersey Tease the "Best Fight in Housewives History" Your First Look at The Real Housewives of New Jersey After Show!

The Garden State ladies are breaking down Season 9's drama, sex, and strippers(!) in the RHONJ After Show.

We all know that one new episode of The Real Housewives of New Jersey a week just isn't enough time with this fabulous bunch. And that's why we're bringing you the RHONJ After Show, kicking off on Wednesday, December 12 at 10 p.m. EST on Bravotv.com, the Bravo Now app, and Bravo's YouTube channel.

How to Watch Watch The Real Housewives of New Jersey on Peacockand Bravo.

In the RHONJ After Show, Teresa Giudice, Melissa Gorga, Dolores Catania, Margaret Josephs, Jackie Goldschneider, Jennifer Aydin, and Danielle Staub will be breaking down all of the drama in that week's episode and spilling behind-the-scenes secrets from Season 9. You'll get a taste of the craziness to come in the above trailer, including a tease of the upcoming "best fight in Housewives history," the deets on a-soon-to-be-legendary Real Housewives wine toss, and who Teresa thinks "needed a wakeup call."

Related

Oh, and we can't forget about the men of New Jersey, can we? Melissa's husband Joe Gorga, Dolores' ex Frank Catania, and Margaret's husband Joe Benigno will also be on hand to provide their take on everything that's gone down this season of RHONJ — including some TMI topics. What does the future hold for Joe Gorga's relationship with Teresa? Would Frank ever get frisky with Dolores again? Which guy used to be a stripper? Oh, my! We'll find answers to all this and so much more in the RHONJ After Show.

Clearly, you're not going to want to miss any of the revelations from the RHONJ After Show. So be sure to head to Bravotv.com, the Bravo Now app, or Bravo's YouTube channel after each new episode of RHONJ for a Garden State good time.

Get pumped for an all-new episode of RHONJ, coming up on Wednesday at 9/8c by checking out the preview clip, below.