16 best serums Sign up to our free weekly newsletter for insider tips and product reviews from our shopping experts Sign up for our free IndyBest email Sign up for our free IndyBest email Email * SIGN UP I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice

As we age, our skincare routines are likely to change. Along with the best cleansers and moisturising day creams, the best anti-ageing serums could be worth a spot in your lineup. These targeted formulas are designed to tackle specific signs of ageing, delivering high concentrations of actives in fast-absorbing, weightless textures.

The best anti-ageing serums blend proven ingredients such as vitamin C for brightness, peptides to support skin structure, hyaluronic acid for bounce and repair, and nourishing omega oils to keep dryness at bay. Used sparingly (a pea-sized amount is plenty) these concentrates are designed to smooth fine lines, soften texture and help skin look firmer and more even over time.

Prices range from purse-friendly to premium, but high cost doesn’t always mean more noticeable results. Below, I’ve tested a bunch of anti-ageing serums to pin down the ones that are actually worth your time and money.

Read more: Best moisturisers for mature skin, tested by a beauty writer in her 50s

The best anti-ageing serums for 2026 are:

Best overall – Q&A collagen booster serum: £12, Amazon.co.uk

– Q&A collagen booster serum: £12, Amazon.co.uk Best for dark spots – Cetaphil healthy radiance brightening serum: £30, Boots.com

– Cetaphil healthy radiance brightening serum: £30, Boots.com Best for 50+ skin – Skinceuticals P-Tiox wrinkle-modulating peptide serum: £135, Cultbeauty.co.uk

– Skinceuticals P-Tiox wrinkle-modulating peptide serum: £135, Cultbeauty.co.uk Best makeup artist favourite – Estee Lauder advanced night repair multi recovery serum: £89, Boots.com

How I tested

I assessed each serum over a three-week period ( Jane Druker/The Independent )

I tested each of the reviewed products for at least three weeks. I used some daily in the morning and evening, others twice weekly – both of which are recommended by the beauty glitterati. Some formulas are historical favourites of mine and others are brand new. As they have high-potency ingredients, build up to using twice daily over a few weeks (especially if you have sensitive skin) and target specific areas – lines, crow’s feet, wrinkles and dry spots or melasma – to see a positive difference. You can read more about my testing process and criteria at the end of this article.

Read more: I’m a 57-year-old beauty editor and these are the best eye creams for mature skin