Diddy's birthday party inside his posh Los Angeles mansion with 200 people gets SHUT DOWN by police Diddy sure wanted to celebrate his 49th birthday to the fullest.

On Sunday evening the rapper had a party at his Los Angeles mansion - which was bought in 2014 for $40m - where 200 people showed up and made plenty of noise, according to TMZ.

But police put a damper on the blowout as they arrived on the scene asking the singer's private security to shut it down or they would. Diddy's team handled the situation.

Bday boy: Diddy sure wanted to celebrate his 49th birthday to the fullest. On Sunday evening the rapper had a party at his Los Angeles mansion where 200 people showed up and made plenty of noise, according to TMZ; seen in October

Nice digs: But police put a damper on the blowout as they arrived on the scene asking the singer's private security to shut it down or they would. Diddy's team handled the situation

The party was described by the site as a 'wild rager.'

The neighbors placed 'several calls' to police complaining of noise and the 50 cars that were parked all up and down the street.

At 2 am police arrived on the scene where they felt the soiree had to end.

Security complied and made the guests shuttle out of the shindig.

Before his house party, the singer - who split with longtime girlfriend Cassie in October - had a dinner at Ysabel in West Hollywood.

Good crowd: Earlier he had a dinner at Ysabel in West Hollywood where Kourtney Kardashian, left, and Chantel Jeffries, right, showed up - both girls have dated Justin Bieber

More pretty things: Larsa Pippen, center, was there as well as two friends

She sure looks great in a red dress: Draya Michele left the bash with several friends

Also there were Kourtney Kardashian, Larsa Pippen, Chantel Jeffries, Jordyn Woods, LeBron James, Usher, Diplo, Wiz Khalifa, Kodak Black and other stars.

Earlier that day the Harlem native - whose real name is Sean John Combs - jumped out of a plane, with the preparations for the jump and his landing all captured on social media.

The music mogul took to Instagram this afternoon with a video that showed him wearing a custom skydiving suit, talking about his big jump.

'It's my birthday, and I'm about to jump out a plane,' Diddy said to his 12.1 million Instagram followers.

Happy Birthday, Diddy: Diddy celebrated his 49th birthday by jumping out of a plane

He added that he's been thinking about skydiving earlier this year, and he wanted to do it in Dubai, but it didn't happen.

He added that he was going to, 'attempt to land, two houses away, in the backyard of the Playboy Mansion.'

The producer added that he was, 'living his best life,' while reminding his fans to get out and vote in the mid-term elections on November 6.

Ready to jump: He added that he's been thinking about skydiving earlier this year, and he wanted to do it in Dubai, but it didn't happen

He also wanted to clarify that he wanted to do this before Will Smith bungee jumped out of a plane to celebrate his 50th birthday in September.

'I wanted to do this before I saw Will Smith jump out a plane,' Diddy said. 'But he definitely gave me some inspiration after seeing him jump out, but mine was already scheduled.'

'So, Will, I didn't want you to think I'm biting,' Diddy added as the video came to an end.

Safe landing: Diddy also took to Instagram, sharing shots of him landing at the Playboy Mansion, thanking his neighbors for, 'letting me use their house to land'

Happy family: He then took to his Instagram story to share a photo with his kids, after his safe return to the Earth after his jump

Diddy also got some birthday love from his ex-girlfriend Cassie, who shared a photo of him and said, 'Happy Birthday King,' on her Instagram story.

Diddy and Cassie. 32, had been together for 11 years before they split in October, with Diddy already linked to another woman, 26-year-old model Jocelyn Chew.

Cassie hasn't posted on Instagram much since the split, with her last post coming on October 25, a video that included the hashtag #Hungover.

Diddy also took to Instagram, sharing shots of him landing at the Playboy Mansion, thanking his neighbors for, 'letting me use their house to land.'

He also shared a video that showed him and his tandem skydiving partner landing safely on the Playboy Mansion lawn, as he's mobbed by his family.

He then took to his Instagram story to share a photo with his kids, after his safe return to the Earth after his jump.