Reza celebrates freedom after airport detainment on Shahs The Shahs of Sunset crew jetted off to Israel on the Sunday episode of the hit Bravo show.

Before the group could enjoy their trip, almost all of the members were detained at the airport.

With the exception of MJ and Asa, they were held up for hours for interrogation.

A bit of a problem: The Shahs of Sunset crew jetted off to Israel in the Sunday episode of the Bravo show; Reza pictured

After the group's 16-hour flight from Los Angeles to Tel Aviv, Mike, GG, Reza, Shervin and their friend Destiney were detained.

Meanwhile pregnant Asa and MJ waited at the airport after they went through without being stopped.

Asa, who is seven and half moths pregnant during the filming, thinks its because she and MJ were 'friendly' and 'patient.'

Adding: 'It's so funny to me. I'm just glad it's not me,' referring to getting detained.

Not happy: Before the group could enjoy their trip, almost all of the members were detained at the airport; GG seen

Unhappy: After the group's 16 hour-flight from Los Angeles to Tel Aviv, Mike, GG, Reza, Shervin and their friend Destiney were detained; Mike (l) and Reza (r)

Yikes: Everyone except Asa and MJ got detained at the Tel Aviv airport

MJ is seen patiently waiting with Asa in between spritzing herself with perfume to pass the time.

After Destiney is freed, Shervin soon follows; he tells Mike, who is Jewish: 'Thank your people for letting me in.'

Mike reveals after he is freed that the only reason why he was detained was because of the people he came into the country with.

Delayed: After Destiney is freed, Shervin (pictured on left) soon follows; he tells Mike, who is Jewish: 'Thank your people for letting me in'

No problems for them: Asa, who is seven and half moths pregnant during the filming, thinks its because she and MJ were 'friendly' and 'patient'

Relaxing: MJ (pictured) is seen patiently waiting with Asa in between spritzing herself with perfume to pass the time

Mike told them: 'You see my passport. I've been here a lot, to which they told him 'you're with them,' referring to his friends.

GG and Reza are the last two to be freed after being interrogated for several hours.

Reza, after being freed, made light of the lengthy detainment at the airport.

On becoming free he said: 'It feels like I've been wandering in the desert for four-f*****g thousand years. Get me a drink!'

No stress: Asa can't contain her excitement at not dealing with being detained, adding: 'It's so funny to me. I'm just glad it's not me'

Trouble: GG and Reza are the last two to be freed after they are interrogated for several hours

Celebrate: On becoming free he said: 'It feels like I've been wandering in the desert for four-f*****g thousand years. Get me a drink;' Reza seen

MJ reveals to her friends during their trip that she plans on becoming a mother in the next month.

She seems sure of it, despite the fact that her last ovulation test was negative.

'I could be buying strollers this time next month,' she says, adding that now- before getting pregnant - she's 'living up my youth like the last cow on Earth.'

While MJ told her friends she was adamant about getting married to fiance Tommy before the baby is born, Reza gave her a reality check.

He said that she would be winning the lottery if she got pregnant at the age of 44, adding that she's not helping herself by drinking and smoking.

Last hurrah: While MJ told her friends she was adamant about getting married to fiance Tommy before the baby is born, Reza gave her a reality check

She's determined: He said that she would be winning the lottery if she got pregnant at the age of 44, adding that she's not helping herself by drinking and smoking

Before their Israel trip, Reza and his husband Adam went to a surrogacy doctor, where he found out having a biological baby could be pricey.

The doctor gave an estimate of $120-160,000 for a baby through surrogacy.

Adam appeared to want a biological baby more than Reza, who was shocked at the hefty price tag.

He said he doesn't want a 'whack b***h' for $120,000, and would have to spend the $160,000 for a 'Harvard or Yale b***h.'

Excuse me! Adam appeared to want a biological baby more than Reza, who was shocked at the hefty price tag

He wants a family: Adam has been pushing Reza to start a family together, being with biological children

Reza wanted to pursue adoption; he got emotional when hearing about the high number of foster kids in the system.

He felt that was the right path while baby shopping with Asa.

Also before jetting off to Israel, GG took her boyfriend Shalom to meet her parents.

She revealed that she's never introduced her boyfriend to her parents; she was hesitant because her family is Muslim while her beau is Jewish.

The Shahs Of Sunset airs every Sunday at 10 pm on Bravo.

Hitting his heart: Reza wanted to pursue adoption; he got emotional when hearing about the high number of foster kids in the system

Quick break: He felt that was the right path while baby shopping with Asa