There Could Actually be a Fifth "Halloweentown" Starring the Original Marnie! Halloweentown is without a doubt one of the most cherished Disney Channel original movie franchises with some of the most passionate fans on Earth. That's why fans revolted when Disney recast Kimberly J. Brown's Marnie without reason in the fourth movie and fans refuse to acknowledge the movie's existence to this day.

These days, fans are desperate for a fifth movie starring the original Marnie, and apparently, that wish isn't too far out of the realm of reality.

Sheri Singer, the executive producer of the series, chatted EOnline about the prospect of a fifth movie and she's beyond down for the cause.

"I'd have to get Disney Channel to get on-board, but I would like to," Sheri said. "I have ideas of how I would do it. There was some talk about a year and a half ago but then it didn't happen."

Since Halloweentown premiered in 1998, Sheri would have loved to do something for the movie's 20th reunion next year, but time is running short to make that happen.

"We would have already needed to get started in order to do that, so I don't know," she admitted.

She's not giving up, though — even if a 20 year reunion reboot isn't in the cards.

"I think it's a really good idea. There's nothing to say that I won't drive [Disney Channel] crazy and ask them again!" she said.

Sheri even has some ideas on what the fifth installment would be about. "I think it could be done as a musical," she said. "There’s also ways to do a prequel. It’s not something I haven’t brought up before.”



Well, I say ixnay on the requelpay unless Kimberly J. Brown can star as a young Aggie Cromwell. Because she's more than down to reclaim her rightful place as the star of the series (yes, despite Disney Channel's grave recasting mistake).

“I’m open to anything at this point,” she shared with E!Online. “I think it’s so cool that fans still want to see where the story would go. I think that’s so cool. I would say I’m open to anything. It’s cool that that’s even a question people are asking these days.”



It's not a question, Kimberly. It's a demand! Bring on Halloweentown 5 Disney Channel!

Related Story Kimberly Brown Talks Recasting in "Halloweentown"

Noelle Devoe is the Entertainment Web Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!