Brooklyn Beckham gushes over Chloe Moretz in sweet snap They started dating in 2014, before rekindling their romance this summer when he moved to New York to study photography.

And Brooklyn Beckham proved his relationship with Chloe Moretz was going from strength to strength as he publicly professed his love once again for the 20-year-old actress.

Sharing a snap of their matching Vans trainers, he gushed that he was the 'luckiest person on earth' - and added that he loved her 'to the moon and back'.

Scroll down for video

Sweet: Brooklyn Beckham publicly professed his love once again for 20-year-old Chloe Moretz as he shared a sweet black and white snap of their matching Vans trainers

Smitten: He gushed that he was the 'luckiest person on earth' - and added that he loved her 'to the moon and back'

Chloe reciprocated the 18-year-old's display of affection with the sweet comment: 'Other half.'

Their smitten social media exchange comes after the Kick-Ass star shared a sweet black and white throwback snap of the couple on Monday.

She rested her head on a fresh-faced Brooklyn's shoulder in the shot, which she captioned: '5 years ago,' with Beckham commenting: 'Love you x'

The pair haven't been shy about their rekindled love on Instagram, regularly liking each other's snaps and commenting with love heart emojis.

Cute couple: Whilst Brooklyn has revealed he has plenty of 'fangirls' at college he only has eyes for his stunning girlfriend

Cute: Their smitten social media exchange comes after the Kick-Ass star shared a sweet black and white throwback snap of the couple from five years ago

Happy together: She rested her head on a fresh-faced Brooklyn's shoulder in the shot, which she captioned: '5 years ago,' with Beckham commenting: 'Love you x'

Walk a mile in her shoes: The actress also shared a snap of her trainers and what appear to be Brooklyn's shoes as they stand at the top of some steps

It comes after Brooklyn, who is a photography student at Parsons School of Design, shared a sweet snap of the pair which he captioned: ''Thinking of this one xx'.

In the cute picture, the couple were seen cosied up to one another as they snapped a selfie outdoors.

Now that the British teenager has moved to New York City to study, he's been able to meet up with the beauty regularly.

Yet Brooklyn recently admitted that he has a few 'fangirls' at Parsons School of Design in NYC, where is studying photography.

Public display: The pair haven't been shy about their rekindled love on Instagram, regularly liking each other's snaps and commenting on them

Supporting her man: Moretz posted a simple love heart emoji under a snap of Brooklyn posing in a white T-shirt and basketball cap

He admitted in a new interview with The Cut that he sometimes has to ask his more enthusiastic fans to calm down when they run into him.

He said: 'I like people from school but there are a few fangirls in the school … Sometimes, I have to be like, ‘I’m going to be with you for like, four years, so chill.

'I mean, it’s gotten better. They understand and they respect it, but it’s just at the beginning, it’s such a shock to them, so it’s fine.'

And Brooklyn, who has spent his entire life mixing in celebrity circles and is often seen at star-studded events, said he's not interested in hanging out with famous people, saying 'I don’t hang out with all those famous, annoying people.'

Cute couple: Brooklyn Beckham proved he only had one lady on his mind as he shared a sweet Instagram snap pining over his girlfriend Chloe Grace Moretz on Wednesday

Romantic: Brooklyn Beckham shared a picture on Instagram on Sunday night in which he appears to cuddle girlfriend Chloe Moretz's leg while they watch old fashioned western films together on a night in

'Missing my girl': He captioned the shot to say that these were his favourite nights but complained that he was missing his girl

Hinting: Underneath, actress Chloe commented with a love heart and a wilting rose to indicate that it was her who he was directing the cryptic message at

Meanwhile, Brooklyn Beckham and Chloe were still playing out their love story on social media on Sunday night, as he complained that he was 'missing [his] girl'.

Underneath a throwback shot of one of their favourite pastimes, the actress then commented with a love heart and a wilting flower.

His cryptic message read: 'These nights are my favourite [love heart]. Missing my girl.'

Chloe very much confirmed that she was the girl he was pining for, when she left her comment beneath it.

The black and white post, which was liked by Joanne and David Beckham, appears to show Brooklyn stroking Chloe's leg while they watch old fashion western films in front of the TV.

back on: Chloe and Brooklyn (here in May 2016) previously dated in 2014 and were on and off while they shared a transatlantic relationship

They were first seen together again at the end of August, following claims that they had been 'getting very close'.

Then, two weeks ago, Chloe left a love heart beneath a picture of Brooklyn, in which there appeared to be a two-person shadow on the wall behind him.

Fans were furiously speculating that it was Chloe's shadow in the image, despite his brief fling with model Madison Beer, 18, in July.

They had previously dated in 2014, before splitting the following year and going on to reunite in the summer of 2016, with Chloe confirming: 'We're in a relationship. It's fine. It's no biggie.'

Months later she and Brooklyn had split again, but the Carrie star has fuelled rumours of a romantic reunion once more.