Rihanna explains how she dresses for her 'fluctuating body type' — and it's surprisingly relatable The INSIDER Summary:

It seems that Rihanna has good and bad body image days — just like most people.

In a recent interview with The Cut, she said that she dresses according to how she feels on a given day or week.

Some days she prefers body-con dresses, but other days she gravitates to oversized pieces.

In general, the singer advocates for dressing in a way that makes you feel good.

No matter what she's wearing or how she's feeling, Rihanna has an amazing sense of style.



Most people struggle with their body image at some point or another — even Rihanna. The singer recently told The Cut that her body image influences the way she dresses, which we first read about on StyleCaster.

"I actually have had the pleasure of a fluctuating body type, where one day I can literally fit into something that is body-con, and then the next day — the next week — I need something oversized," she told The Cut. "I need a little crop here and a high-waist there to hide that part, you know?"

A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) Oct 11, 2017 at 5:37pm PDT

"I really pay attention every day when I go into the closet about what's working for my body that morning. I feel like that's how everyone should go after fashion, because it's an individual thing," she continued.

A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) Oct 11, 2017 at 5:11am PDT

The singer explained that she takes certain factors into account while planning an outfit.

"If you take it further, it’s like: What week are you having? You having a skinny week? You having a fat week? Are we doing arms this week? We doing legs this week? We doing oversized?" she said.

A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) Oct 13, 2017 at 1:59pm PDT

Regardless of how she feels, Rihanna said that she sees fashion as something fun.

"I love to play with silhouettes as well, but I think it's important to make sure that you wear the thing that works for your body the best, and that's flattering," Rihanna explained.

A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) Oct 8, 2017 at 8:05pm PDT

No matter what she's wearing or how she's feeling, we're obsessed with Rihanna's trendsetting, runway-inspired sense of style.