Justin Theroux 'was with girlfriend Heidi Bivens when he fell for Jennifer Aniston' 'Justin was very much with girlfriend Heidi when he fell for HER,' confirms friend of Jennifer Aniston's beau Theroux



By DAILY MAIL REPORTER



After a whirlwind romance and various displays of public affection, Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux appear very much in love.

But their blooming relationship may not be all that it appears to be, with friends of the stars believing that Jen, 42, might have jumped in too quickly.



'Justin will never marry her,' a close friend told InTouch Weekly Magazine.



Inseparable: Yet the pair appear very much in love and have spent the past three months travelling together for work and pleasure

'He's not the marrying type - as you can see from the 14-year relationship he was in that didn't end in marriage.'

In love: Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux might be moving too fast according to friends

But it isn't just their career paths and ambitions that differ - they work in completely different social circles as well.

'He is not the kind of guy to be owned.'



But more worryingly, it seems as if the idea that Justin, 40, was still very much involved with his former girlfriend when he met Jen, could have more truth to it than initially thought.



'He totally lied to Heidi and broke her heart,' a source told the magazine of Justin's ex Heidi Bivens, claiming that when he 'met and fell in love' with Jen he was still 'very taken.'

With insiders claiming that the relationship may not last, the differences between the clean-cut actress and the bad-boy screenplay writer have already begun to show.

'Jen is the complete opposite of Justin,' said a friend.



'She's all about Malibu and shopping and trying to stay young while Justin is about being an artist.'

The other woman: Justin was in a 14-year relationship with Heidi Bivens when he met Jennifer on the set of Wanderlust Justin even turned down the chance to star in Friends, the show which made Jen a millionaire and a household name, claiming that he would 'hang himself' if he got tied into a seven year TV contract. 'The last place Jen would want to go in New York would be a dive bar,' said the friend claiming that Justin, however, is a regular fixture in certain dive bars in the city.

Jen meanwhile is known for her love of a swanky wine bar, and is regularly seen at LA's plush Tower Bar in The Sunset Towers Hotel. But despite the obvious differences, Jen and Justin have been inseparable in recent months with rumours swirling of a possible pregnancy and wedding.

'This is the guy she wants to grow old with,' said the friend. 'She is head over heels in love with him.' Back to work: earlier today Theroux screeched to Brentwood on his Ducati to meet up with friend Judd Apatow on his LA film set







