Singer Pink's husband Carey Hart gets into a heated argument with woman at a Brisbane petrol station Pink's husband Carey Hart had a heated altercation with a woman at a Brisbane petrol station this week, who accused the motocross rider of putting everyone's 'life in danger' while using his mobile phone at the pump.

The 43-year-old, who has joined his wife on her Australian tour, shared a clip of himself mouthing 'what the f***' to his Instagram account, before recounting the incident.

'I just got into an argument with a woman at a gas station in Brisbane,' he began.

Scroll down for video

'What the hell is wrong with people?' Pink's husband Carey Hart took to Instagram on Tuesday to recall a heated altercation he had with a woman at a Brisbane petrol station this week, who accused the motocross rider of putting everyone's 'life in danger' while using his mobile

He went on to explain that it was his phone that had caused the disagreement.

'She told me I was putting everyone's life in danger by using my phone at the gas station pump,' he continued.

What just happened? The motocross rider told his 804,000 followers about the incident

Scary Carey! 'What the hell is wrong with people? You got some serious scare tactics over here lol' he wrote on Instagram

The woman appeared to reference the common belief that radio frequency can ignite petrol fumes.

'[She said] that if I had the light turned on, accidentally dropped it, the phone would light the fumes, the station would blow-up and kill all of us.'

The father-of-two finished the post with: 'What the hell is wrong with people?????? You got some serious scare tactics over here lol.'

It's normal here! The Instagram post divided fans, who shared their thoughts on the post

The contested theory was once put to the test on the Discovery Channel's Mythbusters in 2003, with the show determining a phone posed no risk at the petrol pump.

Carey's Instagram post divided his followers, with some hitting out at the heavily tattooed sportsman.

'In the UK petrol stations won't unlock the pump if you're using your phone. It's normal here to not use your phone while filling up,' one wrote.

Support: Carey is accompanying Pink on her Beautiful Trauma world tour. The couple are pictured with their daughter Willow at the Superbowl in February

Rough time: Pink was forced to postpone a number of concerts due to ill health while on tour in Australia

Meanwhile, a number of followers referenced the popular Mythbusters program.

'Myth Busters killed that concept a long time ago...nothing will happen,' one wrote.

Another added: 'This has been debunked and is not true,' adding, 'there's no static electricity from a cell phone.'

Pink is currently on her Beautiful Trauma world tour, which has 128-stops around the globe.

The singer has had somewhat a rough time in the country, with the superstar being forced to cancel several gigs in Sydney due to illness.