Nicole Kidman reveals she was snubbed by her daughter Sunday, 10, after gifting her an Emmy Award She has been honoured with several prestigious accolades throughout her career.

But after gifting one of her Emmy Awards to daughter Sunday, 10, Nicole Kidman was surprisingly rejected.

On Tuesday, the 51-year-old actress revealed her sassy youngster simply 'didn't want' the award.

'I want to earn my own': Nicole Kidman revealed she was snubbed by her daughter Sunday, 10, after gifting her an Emmy Award. Pictured at the Emmy Awards in Los Angeles, 2017

Making an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live, Nicole recalled: 'Actually I offered when I won the Emmy for Big Little Lies... I won one for producing and one for acting which was an incredible thing to happen.

'I was like okay, I can put one on your shelf, Sunday, and one on your shelf, Faith - they're yours,' she continued.

But to Nicole's surprise, Sunday rejected the lavish gift.

'Sunday didn't want it': On Tuesday, the 51-year-old actress revealed her sassy youngster simply 'didn't want' the award. Pictured with Jimmy Kimmel (right)

'Sunday didn't want it, she was like, ''I want to earn my own'' and I'm like, ''You go, girl!''

The actress recently took home the Best Supporting Actress for her role on Boy Erased at the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts (AACTA) Awards in Sydney last week.

Despite already having a collection of awards under her belt, Boy Erased is quickly began generating Oscar buzz.

'She was like, ''I want to earn my own'' and I'm like, ''You go, girl!'' Nicole exclaimed. Pictured with husband Keith (right), daughter Sunday (center) and Faith, seven (left) in 2014

When asked whether she believes her role on Boy Erased will land her a second Oscar, the star said: 'I have no idea,' while speaking to Yahoo Lifestyle.

In 2002, Nicole received an Academy Award for her incredible performance in The Hours.

She was the first Australian actress to be honoured with the coveted award.

Nicole has also scored four Golden Globe Awards, two Emmy Awards and a British Academy Film Award in addition to her Oscar.

She shares two daughters, Sunday and Faith, seven, with husband Keith Urban, 51. She also shares 23-year-old son Connor and daughter Isabella, 25, with her ex Tom Cruise, 56.