Beyonce has mini Destiny's Child reunion with LaTavia Roberson for first time in 18 years She reunited with Destiny's Child at Coachella in April this year.

But this week Beyonce completed her reunion with the ORIGINAL Destiny's Child when she met up with LaTavia Roberson for this first time in almost two decades.

The meeting came just one week after Bey linked up with fellow evictee LeToya Luckett.

Original: Beyonce had a mini OG Destiny's Child reunion with LaTavia Roberson on Thursday... 18 YEARS after she was booted out of group

Both LaTavia and LeToya were booted from the group by manager — Beyonce's dad — Mathew Knowles — back in 2000.

Nevertheless it looked like there was no bad blood between the former bandmates, as Roberson shared a trio of warm images on Instagram.

'It was so wonderful sharing a laugh and spending time with my FRIEND of 30 yrs.....hadn’t seen Bey in 18 yrs,' she captioned one

She added: 'My mother @cheryl_lastrap is clearly tickled. The children are amazing “Everything IS Love”'

Reunited: Nevertheless it looked like there was no bad blood between the former bandmates, as Roberson shared a trio of warm images on Instagram, along with LaTavia's

'It was so wonderful sharing a laugh and spending time with my FRIEND of 30 yrs.....hadn’t seen Bey in 18 yrs,' she captioned one. 'My mother @cheryl_lastrap is clearly tickled. The children are amazing “Everything IS Love”'

In the snaps, Bey wore a glorious gold and green gown, her hair in gorgeous ringlets.

LaTavia meanwhile showed off her fab figure though a sheer football jersey, showing off a black bra and tiny denim hotpants beneath.

After going through several line-up tweaks and name changes, Destiny's Child was officially formed in 1997 consisting of Beyonce, Kelly Rowland, LaTavia and LeToya, releasing their debut self-title album in 1998.

No hard feelings: The meeting came just one week after Bey linked up with fellow evictee LeToya Luckett

Flashback: After going through several line-up tweaks and name changes, Destiny's Child was officially formed in 1997 consisting of (L-R) Kelly Rowland, Beyonce Knowles, LeToya Luckett and LaTavia Robertson (pictured in February 1998)

But shortly after the release of the 8x platinum second album, The Writings On The Wall, LaTavia and LeToya were ousted from the group.

While they originally sought external management, believing Mathew was dividing the group's profits unfairly in favor on Beyonce and Kelly, it ultimately led to them beilg replaced by Michelle Williams and Farrah Franklin.

Franklin in turn was let go after just six months, leaving the final line-up as it is known today.

Beyonce is currently on her On The Run II Tour with husband Jay Z; last week she linked up with a heavily pregnant LeToya for photos at her Arlington Texas show.