Emmy Award Winner Louis J. Horvitz To Direct E!'s Inaugural Telecast Of PEOPLE'S CHOICE AWARDS 🎭 NEW! TV Theatre Newsletter Get all the top news & discounts for TV & beyond. ✨ Sign Up

E! announced today seven-time Emmy Award®-winning director Louis J. Horvitz will direct the network's first ever telecast of the "People's Choice Awards." Horvitz joins Executive Producers Jesse Ignjatovic and Evan Prager of Den of Thieves and Wilshire Studios to helm the production of the only live awards show by the people, for the people. Airing on Sunday, November 11th at 9pm ET/PT, and held at Barker Hangar in Santa Monica, California, the 44th annual "People's Choice Awards" will air globally across E!'s 17 international channels reaching 153 countries in 24 languages.

"Having directed some of the biggest, most entertaining live events on television, Louis brings a wealth of knowledge and experience to our 'People's Choice Awards' team," said Jen Neal, Executive Producer, Live Events, Executive Vice President, Marketing for E!. "It is exciting to have Louis on board, along with our partners Den of Thieves and Wilshire Studios, as we reimagine this iconic franchise for the next generation and celebrate the best in pop culture."

"What I love about the 'People's Choice Awards' is how it has grown in importance and relevance with each passing year," said Horvitz. "At no time in our history have people been more empowered to voice their opinions and this unique show, different from every other major award show, gives them a chance to pick their favorites making for an exciting night of live television."

Horvitz is one of the most accomplished and prolific directors in the field of live television event broadcasting, and has directed the "Annual Academy Awards" telecast a record 12 times. His work has garnered twenty-one award nominations and seven Emmy wins. In addition to his many years directing the "Academy Awards," Horvitz has also helmed the "Prime-Time Emmy Awards" a total of 17 times, the "Kennedy Center Honors" for 22 years and the "American Film Institute (AFI) Life Achievement Award" tributes a total of 31 times. In a career that has spanned over four decades, Horvitz has directed numerous other high-profile programs including "The American Music Awards," "Fashion Rocks," the "MTV Video Music Awards," "VH1 Hip Hop Honors," "VH1 Divas" among many others.

The "People's Choice Awards" is the only major awards show voted on entirely by the public for fan favorites in movies, music, television and digital. Only fans determine the nominees and winners for the annual awards show and nearly 300 million votes were cast for its most recent installment, which aired January 18, 2017.

"People's Choice Awards" was originally created in 1975 by Robert Stivers. It was previously owned by Procter & Gamble and produced by Mark Burnett airing on CBS.

About E! Entertainment

E! is the only global, multi-platform brand for all things pop culture. The network is currently available to 91 million cable and satellite subscribers in the U.S. "E! News" airs nightly on the network and is the leading multi-platform publisher delivering breaking entertainment news and pop culture coverage 24/7 across all digital and social media. E! programming includes popular series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians," "Total Divas," "Botched," "Hollywood Medium with Tyler Henry" as well as the network's scripted series "The Royals." Additionally, E!'s "Live from the Red Carpet" signature events keep fans connected to their favorite stars on pop culture's biggest nights. E! is a network of NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment, a division of NBCUniversal, one of the world's leading media and entertainment companies in the development, production, and marketing of entertainment, news and information to a global audience. For more CORPORATE information, visit www.nbcuniversal.com.

About Wilshire Studios

Wilshire Studios develops and produces a diverse slate of original unscripted programming for multiple platforms, aligning with award-winning producers and innovative storytellers to create compelling content that explores reality through a variety of formats. From E!'s signature "Live from the Red Carpet," USA Network's "The Cromarties" and Oxygen's "Mysteries and Scandals," to the upcoming "Real Country" for USA, "Unspeakable Crime: THE KILLING of Jessica Chambers" for Oxygen and the debut "People's Choice Awards" on E!, Wilshire Studios produces series that are informative, revealing, thrilling and entertaining. Wilshire Studios is part of the NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment portfolio.

About Den of Thieves

Den of Thieves is a force for ambitious music-driven event shows and uniquely stylized television series. Using their extensive experience working with talent, their credits cover a vast array of formats that include ABC's The Gong Show, FOX's American Idol, the multi-network broadcast of Hand in Hand: A Benefit for Hurricane Relief and the digital stream of March for Our Lives. BEYOND that, Den of Thieves thrives in the live event & award show space, having produced the MTV VIDEO MUSIC AWARDS for 11 consecutive years, the iHeart Radio Music Awards, MTV Movie Awards, Radio Disney Music Awards, Peabody Awards and more.