Zoe Saldana's Guardians Of The Galaxy character Gamora will appear in Avengers: Infinity War Zoe Saldana is to reprise her role as Gamora for Avengers: Infinity War.

The 38-year-old actress is to don green body paint once again to play the Guardians Of The Galaxy character in The Marvel Cinematic Universe movie, alongside Robert Downey Jr as Iron Man, Chris Hemsworth as Thor, Chris Evans as Captain America and the rest of the superhero squad again to battle supervillain Thanos in the blockbuster.

And while Saldana is thrilled to be returning to the franchise, she is not looking forward to spending hours getting her green paint done.

Scroll down for video

Avengers fun: Zoe Saldana is set to play her Guardians Of The Galaxy character Gamora in the upcoming film Avengers: Infinity War. Here is the actress at the Golden Globes last Sunday

She told MTV news: 'I don't know when they're going to let me read it.'

'I'm not looking forward to the five hours of green make-up, but every film I finally arrive on set, I feel so happy and lucky to be there.'

Meanwhile, according to the Daily Record newspaper, locations in Edinburgh, Glasgow and the Highlands are set to be used for filming which is expected to start in February.

Gone green: Here is a shot of the star as Gamora in Guardians Of The Galaxy

The decision to make Avengers: Infinity War - which has a budget of £400 million - is expected to boost the Scottish economy by £10 million.

An industry insider told the publication: 'It's a massive boost for the Scottish film industry. As is normal, Disney have been keeping everything top secret, but executives have been scouting locations across Glasgow, Edinburgh and the Highlands.'

'Filming is due to start on February 28 and is expected to take around six months. It's incredibly exciting. It's going to be a fun year for star-spotters.'

Off to Scotland: The 38-year-old will be traveling to the European country next month to start filming for the superhero sequel. Here is Zoe in Hollywood, California on Monday

It's not the first time a superhero blockbuster has been filmed in the region - Marvel's 2011 movie Captain America: The First Avenger was shot in Culross in Fife.

And not forgetting DC Comics who used Scotland to shoot some of its scenes for Justice League and some scenes for 2012's Batman film The Dark Knight were set over the Cairngorms.

For several weeks a C130 transport plane was based at Inverness Airport so stuntmen and film crew could make parachute jumps over Cairngorm Gilding Club's airstrip at Freshie Bridge and in order to portray the interior of the CIA aircraft in the movie the fuselage of a Jetstream aircraft which had belonged to Inverness-based airline Highland Airways.

Back in action: The fan-favorite superheroes will be in the theaters again in May 2018

Avengers: Infinity War - directed by Anthony Russo and Joe Russo - is also expected to star Benedict Cumberbatch as Doctor Strange, Mark Ruffalo as The Hulk, Scarlett Johansson as Black Widow, Jeremy Renner as Hawkeye and Inverness-born Karen Gillan as Nebula - a character from Marvel's Guardians Of The Galaxy comics and movies.

Zoe is also expected to reprise her role as Neytiri in the Avatar sequel, which hits theaters in December 2018.