Brooke Burke Breaks Her Silence on Divorce From David Charvet Brooke Burke is getting candid about her split from David Charvet.

After filing for divorce from Charvet after six years of marriage last Friday, the TV host and Dancing With the Stars season seven champion shared a lengthy post about divorce on the Modern Mom blog.

"I have struggled with trying to find worthy words to speak to this life change my family is going through but I do want to share my personal thoughts," the 46-year-old actress wrote. "You may have heard that David and I are divorcing. We have tried to keep our separation private for some time out of respect for our children and family. Although I believe this is a positive change, I am deeply saddened because I loved being married."

"It took me a long time to differentiate between giving up and letting go, and even longer to recognize when it was time to do so," she added. "We are still a family full of love, simply redefining our dynamics. I believe this is a necessary decision for my entire family unit."

Burke shares two kids with Charvet -- son Shaya, 10, and daughter Heaven, 11 (she also has two children, daughters Neriah and Sierra, from her previous marriage with Garth Fisher). She continued on, telling her fans that she and Charvet are "finding new ways" to remain a loving family.

"There was nothing sensational that caused this divorce and nothing scandalous will surface," she explained. "Big life decisions are hardest when made for the right reasons. It is sometimes painful to be strong and embrace change. I believe in letting go of ideas and dreams when the time is right. I am in that space right now as a woman and a mother, listening to my heart. I am approaching this with gratitude and unconditional love."

As ET previously reported, Burke filed for divorce last week, citing irreconcilable differences and proposing that the two share joint physical and legal custody of their kids. She and Charvet first started dating in 2006, and tied the knot in St. Bart's in August 2011.

Hear more on the most recent splits in Hollywood in the video below.

RELATED CONTENT: