Colton Haynes and Jeff Leatham split six months after glitzy wedding Teen Wolf and American Horror Story star Colton Haynes' marriage to Jeff Leatham is over after just six months.

The 29-year-old actor and the 46-year-old celebrity florist wed in a lavish Palm Springs ceremony officiated by Kardashian matriarch Kris Jenner in October.

Sofia Vergara and husband Joe Manganiello, Jesse Tyler Ferguson, Lisa Rinna, Chelsea Clinton, Dylan O'Brien, Melanie Griffith, Emily Rickards, Cheyenne Jackson, Billie Lourd and Leslie Grossman were among the guest list.

Insiders claim the marriage is now over, however it is unclear what caused the split, TMZ reports.

Split: Colton Haynes' marriage to Jeff Leatham is over just six months after they wed in a star-studded Palm Springs ceremony

Matriarch: Kris Jenner officiated the glitzy wedding

It follows are heartbreaking few months for Hayes - his mother Dana died in March after being diagnosed with cirrhosis of the liver and kidney failure.

Hayes recently unfollowed Jeff on Instagram, and appears to have removed photos of Jeff from his social media page.

He has also just released a song called Man It Sucks.

Leatham proposed during a romantic getaway to the Las Ventanas al Paraiso resort in Cabo, Mexico in March 2017.

The 'Arrow' actor previously revealed he had struggled with mental health issues before coming out as gay in 2016.

Short lived: Hayes, pictured here on the big day, recently unfollowed Jeff on Instagram

In a diary excerpt from November 2014 which he shared with Paper magazine, he wrote: 'I honestly wake up after five hours of sleep wide-awake. It's probably from the bottle of wine I drank before I finally fell asleep/passed out or the amount of pills I'd had. I read up on why I'm experiencing numbness and lack of circulation in my hands and feet and it's due to the stimulants I've been taking for quite some time now...

'I'm so closed off to the world that I can't even get up enough courage to go in public. I'm afraid of people and have become agoraphobic...

'To the public eye, my possibilities are endless, but in my mind, I'm fading away and battling to hide the pain and emotion that has plagued me my entire life. I've cheated, lied and finally owned up to it...I am lonely. This is my fault, though. I don't want to let anyone in. People don't understand the things you give up when you step into the limelight. No one really wants to get to know you.'

But he shared another entry from November 2016, revealing he was the happiest he'd ever been after 'taking control' of his life by seeking help and speaking out.