Sanaa Lathan Speaks Out About ‘Absurd’ Rumors She Bit Beyonce Sanaa Lathan doesn’t want any involvement in the #WhoBitBeyoncé scandal. The Love & Basketball star opened up in a new interview about the rumors that she was the actress who bit Beyoncé’s face at a party in December 2017.

Related: Beyonce’s Bite: Everything We Know So Far It was the bite heard ‘round the world. After Tiffany Haddish revealed that an unnamed actress bit Beyoncé on her face at a party in December 2017, celebrities and members of the Beyhive flocked to Twitter in an attempt to figure out who would have the audacity to do such a thing. Thank You! You […]

“I think it’s the most absurd thing I’ve ever been involved with,” Lathan, 46, said in her June 2018 cover story for Health magazine. “Thank God I’ve been in this business for 20 years and have had so many rumors about me. They used to devastate me in my 20s, but in order to survive in this business, you just have to let it roll.”

The Affair star insisted that she would never have the audacity to do such a thing to Queen Bey, 36, because she is just one of the “Formation” singer’s many fans.

Related: Celebs Fight Back on Twitter! Stars like Gabourey Sidibe, Sarah Jessica Parker, Miley Cyrus, and Ariana Grande fight back against the haters on social media — see their classic retorts

“I adore Beyoncé,” she added. “I would never do anything malicious like that — to her, or to anyone. It’s so bizarre. I thought it was the funniest thing ever that it was a news story. It’s so crazy.”

As previously reported, Tiffany Haddish first revealed in an interview with GQ in March that an unnamed actress bit Beyoncé. “Near the end of the party, Beyoncé’s at the bar, so I said to Beyoncé, ‘Did she really bite you?’ She was like, ‘Yeah,’” the Girls Trip actress, 38, recalled to the magazine. “I was like, ‘She gonna get her ass beat tonight.’ She was like, ‘Tiffany, no. Don’t do that. That bitch is on drugs. She not even drunk. The bitch is on drugs. She not like that all the time. Just chill.’”

Related: Beyonce’s Best Instagram Style There's never a moment when Queen Bey doesn't look flawless—and that's especially true on her Instagram account! That's where the pop princess gives her fans a peek at her sometimes private, but oh-so-chic street style moments, from a Chanel-pinned Canadian tuxedo to her countless crop tops. (Those abs!) Flip through to see all of Beyonce's most memorable 'Gram styles.

Lathan was one of the first actresses to be accused of being the perpetrator after Twitter users narrowed down the list of attendees at the party in question. The Alien vs. Predator star quickly shut down the accusations on March 26, tweeting, “Y’all are funny. Under no circumstances did I bite Beyoncé and if I did it would’ve been a love bite.”