The Walking Dead midseason finale: Fans in TEARS at biggest twist ever - who's died? We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

The Walking Dead teases DRAMATIC mid-season finale episode

WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Walking Dead season eight, episode eight.

The extended episode titled ‘How It’s Gonna Be’ unleashed a shocking move as it was revealed Carl Grimes (played by Chandler Riggs) had been bitten by a walker. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

In the tense instalment, Rick Grimes’ son (Andrew Lincoln) had offered his own life to Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) as they arrived to bomb Alexandria.

He told the leader of the Saviours: “If you have to kill someone, if there have to be punishments, then kill me. I’m serious.”

AMC The Walking Dead season 8: Carl Grimes' days are numbered

“You want to die?” Negan asked. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Carl replied: “No, I don’t. But I will. It’s gonna happen. And if me dying can stop this, if it can make things different for us, for you, for all those other kids, it’d be worth it.” Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

His bold decision soon made sense to viewers at the end of the episode when a huge bite mark on his torso was shown.

With Carl’s days numbered, will his death be played out in the first episode when the show returns next year?

AMC The Walking Dead season 8: Rick Grimes will be devastated to hear his son is dying

The shock twist of Carl's impending death left fans of the hit show in floods of tears.

One distraught fan wrote on Twitter: “ARE YOU SERIOUSLY KIDDING ME...OH MY GOD I AM SITTING IN A PUDDLE OF TEARS RIGHT NOT WHY DOES TWD ALWAYS DO THIS TO ME #TheWalkingDead.”

“If you need me I’ll be crying over Carl #TWD #TheWalkingDead,” said another upset viewer.

However, some fans were clinging on to the hope of a cure as one person wrote: “I’m not fully convinced that Carl is going to die. I don’t know how, but I feel like he’s going to live. #TheWalkingDead.”

AMC The Walking Dead season 8: Carl Grimes was bitten

Another also had a theory of their own as they commented: “Carl will just survive somehow. #TheWalkingDead will return to the main theme of the show after 8 years. Immunity or a cure will make an appearance.”

Chandler Riggs, who plays Carl, commented on his character’s unexpected demise and said on Twitter: “Jokes aside, thank you. You’ll hear from me soon.”