Inside Catherine Zeta-Jones' $2,600 bathroom cabinet Look inside most women’s beauty cupboards and you’ll find a stash of old, unused potions and lotions.

But not so Catherine Zeta-Jones. The actress, 47, has given fans a peek inside her meticulously-tidy bathroom cabinet, in an image posted on her Instagram account.

‘My face and beauty essentials,’ she wrote. ‘And no, I don’t use them all at the same time.’

The neat rows of products, many in duplicate or triplicate, mirror the recent glimpse she gave followers of her obsessively-organised walk-in wardrobe, which contains clothes worth more than half a million dollars.

Catherine Zeta-Jones has given fans a peek inside her meticulously-tidy bathroom cabinet, in an image posted on her Instagram account

The bathroom cabinet contains products worth more than $2,600, including cleanser made of Icelandic kelp and a $450 tub of face cream. Here we reveal the secrets lurking inside Catherine’s beauty cupboard:

1 Natura Bisse Diamond Extreme moisturizer, $355

This face cream contains extracts of artemia salina – a species of saltwater shrimp said to restore elasticity to the skin.

2 Natura Bisse The Cure Sheer eye cream, $125

Said to firm the delicate skin around the eyes and ‘erase any sign of tiredness’. Despite the hefty price, the bottle contains only 15ml.

3 Natura Bisse The Cure Sheer face cream, $190

Blurs dark circles and softens fine lines around the eyes, countering the effects of pollution. Contains a skin-plumping compound, fermentus glaciarum. Fans include Beyonce and Elle Macpherson.

4 Cygalle Healing Spa aromatherapy facial mist, $25

Infused with jojoba oil, this spray was sold as part of a Valentine’s Day set so may have been a gift from husband Michael Douglas, 72.

5 Rhonda Allison Cucumber Spritz, $26

Described as ‘giving skin a drink of water’, it is made from cucumber, coconut oil, witch hazel and honey. However, the spritz works best if kept in the fridge. Other Rhonda Allison fans include Sarah Jessica Parker and Mila Kunis.

6 Rhonda Allison Moisture Eye-Zyme, $16

Tones and firms the upper and lower lids while minimising fine lines and erasing crepey tissue. It uses the acid produced when the exotic fruit ferments.

The actress is seen at the Lincoln Centre in New York on April 18

7 Rhonda Allison SynErgy A, $125

Vitamin A-based serum which promises to rejuvenate the skin in 24 hours.

8 Rhonda Allison Eye Lift, $69

Claims to improve the appearance of wrinkles by helping the skin produce more collagen. Perfumed with lavender and sweet almond oil.

9 Rhonda Allison Age Less Anti-Glycation Serum, $95

Claims to prevent collagen cells being broken down by sugar – a boon for ageing skin – and to have anti-inflammatory qualities.

10 Rhonda Allison Drop Of Essence Hydration Drops, $48

Should probably be kept in Catherine’s handbag, as it’s designed to be applied throughout the day to stop dry skin from peeling.

11 Lancome Bi-Facil cleanser, $30

Removes make-up, including waterproof mascara, without leaving an oily residue and is ideal for contact-lens wearers. Catherine often has to wear coloured contacts on-screen.

12 Certain Dri Everyday Strength deodorant, $6.99

Far stronger than a regular deodorant, this roll-on contains aluminium zirconium, which blocks pores under the arms and absorbs perspiration.

13 Skyn Pure Cloud Hot Cloth Cleanser, $28

Designed to be applied in the evenings with a wet muslin cloth, it removes make-up.

14 Skyn Brightening Eye Serum, $35

Massaged in to ‘depuff’ eye bags and reduce crows’ feet, it contains Arctic peptides, water from the North Atlantic, cranberries and cloudberries.

15 Skyn The Antidote Cooling Daily Lotion, $45

Made with Icelandic kelp, it claims to help reduce blotchy red skin and blemishes.

16 Dior Capture Totale DreamSkin, $115

Works by laying a transparent ‘veil’ over the face, making it appear radiant and glowing, while erasing blotches and redness.

17 Sarah Chapman Skinesis 3 Skin Tone Perfecting Booster, $75.50

Targets age spots, sun damage and discoloration. Contains bearberry and a skin-brightening chemical from alpine plants.

18 Cle de Peau Beaute energizing cream, $150

Fairly cheap in comparison to some of the brand’s $700-plus range, this aims to lighten dark spots on the face and contains wrinkle-busting ingredients.

The actress, pictured in London on January 26, wrote on the post: ‘My face and beauty essentials,’ she wrote. ‘And no, I don’t use them all at the same time'

19 Charlotte Tilbury Magic Cream, $100

Aimed at women with ‘hungover skin’, it is designed to make you look like you’ve had more sleep than you have. Contains wild pansy extract, rosehip oil and sodium hyaluronate, a salt found in human connective tissue

20 Chanel Le Lift firming anti-wrinkle cream, $165

Claims to ‘adapt to the background of your skin’, with different effects depending on users’ lifestyle, emotions and environment.

21 Assorted medical products, $31

Including eye drops, herbal oils and face masks, this is more akin to the clutter found in the average bathroom cupboard – but Catherine has organised them on a blingy gold tray.

22 Elemis Pro-Collagen Cleansing Balm, $64

Warmed in the palms, it is then massaged over the face, neck and decollete one teaspoon at a time before being washed down the sink. Ingredients include the oils and essences of oranges, elderberries, starflowers, grapes, coconuts and geraniums, which are all ‘supercharged’ with an anti-ageing algae.

23 Le Metier de Beaute Neck and Decollete Firming Creme, $450

This astonishingly expensive cream claims to smooth and tighten the delicate skin around the neck and collarbone. The formula is a closely-guarded secret.

24 Revitalash Advanced eyelash conditioner, $74.99

Often described as a ‘wonder product’ by fans, it is applied to dry lashes, before mascara is put on, to help them grow longer. Victoria Beckham is a fan.

25 Elizabeth Arden Eight Hour Cream Skin Protectant, $22

‘There are certain products that don’t age at all,’ Catherine said in a recent interview. ‘My mother [used to put] Elizabeth Arden Eight Hour Cream Skin Protectant on me.’

26 Vanessa Megan Citrus and Spice Natural Cologne, $39.95

A frugal choice – and a strangely masculine scent – it contains mandarin oil, which soothes nerves, relieves tension and diminishes anxiety.

27 Sunday Riley Flora Hydroactive Cellular Face Oil, $90

Made from Russian, Bulgarian and Turkish roses, plus rose geranium.

28 Argan oil, $20

Produced from the nuts of the Moroccan argan tree, she uses this at night to keep her skin looking dewy and fresh.

Additional reporting by Amy Kester