Spice Girls reunite for Mel C’s latest music video Mel B is the only Spice Girl to miss out.

Former Spice Girl Mel C will be joined by three of her former bandmates in her latest music video.

The near-reunion takes place in the singer’s crowdsourced visuals for Room For Love which features cameos from Victoria Beckham, Emma Bunton and Geri Horner.

Only Mel B is missing from the video which brings together crowd footage of Mel C and montages of fans and stars performing into their phones and cameras from across the world.

Beckham – who reportedly scuppered a full Spice Girls reunion last year – is shown making a love heart with her hands while Bunton sings along to the track.

Mel C, full name Melanie Chisholm, told the Press Association it was a “shame” her namesake could not make it a full line-up.

The 43-year-old said: “I don’t want it to look negative because it’s not, it’s not a big deal, I reached out to lots of other people and everyone’s busy.

“She didn’t get round to doing it and obviously it does concern me… I think people will pick up on that but I don’t want anything to be made of it.”

We need your consent to load this Social Media content. We use a number of different Social Media outlets to manage extra content that can set cookies on your device and collect data about your activity. Please review your details and accept them to load the content

“Having four of the Spice Girls in it is really special,” she said, adding: “Geri’s in there briefly, Emma’s done a really lovely one and last but not least Victoria Beckham found time to do a little one for me.”

Natalie Imbruglia and KT Tunstall also appear in the video which Mel C said she was inspired to create after performing to an energetic crowd in Brazil.

The singer said there were no plans for a full Spice Girls reunion “in the pipeline” after she rejected the chance to join Horner, Bunton and Mel B in a 20th anniversary celebration of Wannabe last summer.

She said performing as a four-piece would not have done “the band or fans justice” after Beckham opted against joining the comeback.

But she added: “I just didn’t feel like it was right and so if everyone was feeling it at some point, I’m not against the idea.

“But I think it would have to be all five really.”