Did Kris Jenner Drop a Big Hint About Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner's Rumored Pregnancies? The family matriarch shared what she's grateful for on #KUWTK — and it had a lot to do with babies.

Rumors have swirled for months that sisters Kylie Jenner, Khloe Kardashian, and Kim Kardashian are expecting little ones. Kim, who recently hosted an all-pink baby shower for her third baby, has since confirmed the exciting news. But fans with KarJenner baby fever had yet to hear an official confirmation on the other big family developments — until now.

Well, kind of. On the November 26 episode of Keeping Up With the Kardashians, Kris Jenner dropped a major hint about Kylie and Khloe's suspected exciting news. And if a hint is all we're getting for now, we'll take it!

Let's back up: The holiday-themed episode of the E! show featured a family meal that showed everyone at the table sharing what she is grateful for. Kim spilled that she's thankful for the "calm before the storm before next year with the new baby."

For her part, Kylie — the maybe, possibly soon-to-be mama — showed her own mama some love. "I’m thankful for my mom, because I don’t know what I would do without you," the Kylie Cosmetics mogul said. "You’re, like, my favorite person on the planet. You really are. I hold you in high regard."

Then, the family matriarch dropped the baby bombshell. “I used to pray that one of you guys would have a baby and now it’s like a faucet that we turned on that won’t turn off,” Kris said. Now, it's true that the momager already has grandchildren from Kim, Kourtney Kardashian, and Rob Kardashian. But, get this: she was looking directly at Khloe and Kylie while she delivered her tearful message of gratitude. If that's not a hint, what is?

Kris continued: “The fact that I have all these grandchildren, it’s been the most amazing journey to watch your kids because it’s truly the meaning of, just, life.”

When will the Kardashians officially confirm or deny the rumors? We're over here on pins and needles, just waiting to see what happens next.