So About That Grapefruit Oral Sex Scene in 'Girls Trip' Google Girls Trip right now, and you'll see two major—and extremely different—results: First, and most importantly, are the headlines about the film's success at the box office and what that means for more films led by women of color in Hollywood (all good things, hopefully). The second? The Grapefruit Method, an oral sex technique demonstrated (hilariously) by Tiffany Haddish—without question the breakout star of Girls Trip.

The Grapefruit Method isn't a new term or something invented by the film–it was actually first popularized back in 2014 by viral tutorial videos from Auntie Angel of Angel's Erotic Solutions. (You can see that here.) But in a scene-stealing moment of the film, Haddish's character, Dina, demonstrates for her friends the oral sex act while using a grapefruit and a banana as props. Since then, the scene has launched many discussions about whether it's for real.

The directions, according to Dina, are simple: Cut off the top and bottom of a room-temperature grapefruit, then cut a hole in the middle of it. Place the grapefruit on your partner's member, and then...well, twist.

You can see a portion of it in the clip below:

"Grapefruiting is an act of love," Haddish explained to Entertainment Weekly in an interview. "Make it mystical and magical." It certainly had an effect on-set: Jada Pinkett Smith told EW that Haddish started receiving love letters from the crew after filming. "That’s true," Haddish confirmed. "Somebody bought me something from Jared jewelry. All the guys started coming to my comedy shows."

And Auntie Angel herself thinks the movie got it right, with one exception: "Use a condom," she told TooFab. "There are chances that citrus can get into his urethra, and he can have a bad experience—and, of course, they proved that in the movie."

Now, look, I am not writing this piece to suggest you try it at home or to praise the sex act itself—there's certainly enough material out there promoting sex for men's pleasure (and his pleasure alone), and this is a sex act that's limiting because it was created with only cisgender, heterosexual partners in mind (the grapefruit, as Dina graphically explains, is meant to feel like he's fucking and getting sucked off at once).

But watching the scene, it felt a bit like women were reclaiming a narrative: These characters are being open about their sex lives, having fun with that discussion, and enjoying the power they feel when trying new, creative things with their partners. Isn't that what we want out of a healthy, sex-positive scene? And on top of that, I think we can all recall at least one time in our lives when men snickered about an Urban Dictionary-discovered sex act, with the intention to shock or gross out the women in the room. In Girls Trip, we see a situation where the women have owned their sex lives fully: They're knowledgeable and confident, not squeamish about experimenting. Having seen enough gross-out sex scenes in male-driven comedies in my time, it felt refreshing to watch a woman hilariously, authentically prove that women do it, too—in more ways than one.

At the very least, to quote Queen Latifah, "I gained a whole new respect for Tiffany after that."

RELATED: 10 Pro-Woman Porn Sites Your Clitoris Will Thank You For