Katy Perry gushes over Orlando Bloom in flirty video where she asks him to show his 'trunk' She spent over 11 months on tour, finally wrapping things up in late August, and then had a another show a little over a week ago, leaving little time for her romantic life.

So it's understandable that Katy Perry seemed thrilled to be back with her 'chocolate chip' Orlando Bloom.

The 33-year-old singer shared two videos to her Instagram Story featuring her 41-year-old actor beau.

Happy together: After over 11 months of touring, it's understandable that Katy Perry seemed thrilled to be back with her 'chocolate chip' Orlando Bloom

'Look at this mint and chip off the old block,' says Katy in an over the top English accent in the first clip she posted, as the Troy actor sits smiling at her in a green hoodie.

'I'm a chocolate chip,' responds Orlando.

'He's a chocolate chip,' reiterates the Teenage Dream singer.

Part of her story: The 33-year-old singer shared two videos to her Instagram Story featuring her 41-year-old actor beau (Photo taken June 2018)

Mint chip: 'Look at this mint and chip off the old block,' says Katy in an over the top English accent in the first clip she posted, as the Troy actor sits smiling at her in a green hoodie

The couple that laughs together: 'I'm a chocolate chip,' responds Orlando

Another clip shared the singer's Instagram page showed Orlando finishing up putting on a suit.

'Lemme touch ur butt' was written in bright flashing letters on a heart pasted on the clip, and Sir Mix-a-Lot's Baby Got Back played in the background as the Lord of the Rings actor dressed.

'Will you show me your trunk baby... turn around,' requests the Roar belter.

The Elizabethtown star takes the direction and then shakes his pert derriere.

Gussy up: Another clip shared the singer's Instagram page showed Orlando finishing up putting on a suit

Hands on: 'Lemme touch ur butt' was written in bright flashing letters on a heart pasted on the clip, and Sir Mix-a-Lot's Baby Got Back played in the background as the Lord of the Rings actor dressed

Dance for me: 'Will you show me your trunk baby... turn around,' requests the Roar belter

This is round two for Katy and Orlando who first got together in January of 2016.

They stayed together for a little over a year before splitting in February 2017, but then resumed their relationship in April of this year.

Despite it being a particularly busy year for the Chained to the Rhythm singer, she has done her best to make time for romance.

The couple has been spotted together in Los Angeles, London, and a variety of other locations.