Kesha discusses moment Jerry Seinfeld rejected her hug It was the cringe-worthy moment captured on camera that quickly made its way around the web last month.

But Kesha has no hard feelings towards Jerry Seinfeld after the actor failed to recognize her and refused to give her a hug on the red carpet.

Kesha, 30, was asked by the hosts of Hits1 in Hollywood this week how the awkward moment affected her, and she admitted: 'I felt like I was five-years-old!

'Instantly I was like, "Oh, f*** me," somehow I ended up in my very own mini episode of Seinfeld, for like five seconds.'

Scroll down for video

Kesha has discussed her cringe-worthy run-in with Jerry Seinfeld last month where the comedian didn't recognize her and refused to hug her

'Instantly I was like, "Oh, f*** me," somehow I ended up in my very own mini episode of Seinfeld, for like five seconds.' Kesha told Hits1 in Hollywood

The songstress confessed she's a huge fan of Jerry's hit 1990s sitcom, having seen every episode 'a thousand times'.

'He's not a huggy guy, that's fine' she added.

When the hosts asked her if she had a message for the 63-year-old comedian, Kesha joked: 'I shoulda known better, I've seen the hugging episode!'

The TiK ToK hitmaker did admit that the embarrassing incident briefly made her re-think her hugging policy.

'I had a moment to myself where I was like "Wow, maybe I should stop trying to hug everyone and like, attack them" and then I was like "f*** that", no, I like hugging, hugging is magical, hugging is beautiful, it's this beautiful exchange of wonderful soul energy, like I accept you, and it's just like this beautiful connection,

No hugs for you! Jerry blocked Kesha's requests for a hug at the National Night of Laughter and Song event at the Kennedy Center on June 5

Kesha revealed that she was made to feel much better when one of her all-time heroes gave her a big hug following the incident.

'And then the most wonderful thing happened, my idol in life, Bob Dylan, agreed to meet up with me because we were playing the same festival and I was like, I was so scared because I had just got hug-denied.

'I was a little hug-traumatized, so I walked up and I just kind of like stood there and smiled and he just opened his beautiful arms and gave me the most wonderful healing Bob Dylan hug that I've ever dreamed of.

Not that there's anything wrong with that: The comedian did his best to politely decline her request

Persistent: Kesha asked repeatedly for a hug, but Jerry just backed away

She gushed: 'He's the reason I started writing songs.'

Kesha had swung by the show in multicolored sunglasses and a black blazer strewn with glistening metlalic studs.

A floppy glinting bow-tie with starry patterns over a blue field clashed against her white top.

And she's off: Kesha ran off in embarrassment after finally getting the hint

Tik T-awk: After being informed who she was he replied, laughing 'Well I wish her all the best,' as the name clearly didn't register with him either

Not a fan: The comedian admitted he had no idea who Kesha was

While at the SiriusXM Studios in Los Angeles for the show, she also got in a bit of posing with hosts Hits1 in Hollywood hosts Tony Fly and Michael Yo.

Kesha leaned on Michael's shoulder and stuck her tongue out as he made a wacky face of his own, holding out his phone to presumably snap a selfie.

Kesha's run-in with TV icon Seinfeld happened at the National Night of Laughter and Song event in D.C.

She approached him while he was discussing meditation with Tommy McFly of DC's 94.7 Fresh FM, who later shared the clip on Twitter.

Shining star: Kesha had swung by the show in multicolored sunglasses and a black blazer strewn with glistening metlalic studs

Trio: While at the SiriusXM Studios in Los Angeles for the show, she also got in a bit of posing with hosts Hits1 in Hollywood hosts Michael Yo (left) and Tony Fly (right)

'I'm Kesha I love you so much, can I give you a hug?' Kesha asked.

'No thanks,' Seinfeld replied.

She tried two more times, but his reply remained the same and she quickly ran off in embarrassment.

'I don't who that was,' Seinfeld admitted, before McFly filled him in.

'Well I wish her all the best,' he laughed, as the name clearly didn't register with him either.

Goofing about: Kesha leaned on Michael's shoulder and stuck her tongue out as he made a wacky face of his own, holding out his phone to presumably snap a selfie