Kylie Jenner visits shaman in Life of Kylie season finale She's a young entreprenuer with a cosmetics empire quickly blossoming.

But Kylie Jenner seeks a little more security in her love life while visiting a Peruvian shaman in a clip for the season finale of her hit show Life Of Kylie.

The 20-year-old reality television personality brings her mother Kris Jenner and best friend Jordyn Wood along to meet with a shaman and ask him questions about their personal lives.

Scroll down for video

What is love? Kylie Jenner seeks a little more security in her love life while visiting a Peruvian shaman in a clip for the season finale of her hit show Life of Kylie

'I think my mom thinks we're a little crazy,' Kylie said in a clip before the visit with the Peruvian healer.

The makeup maven proceeds to ask the healer for some insight into her love life and relationships.

'It's actually very good,' the shaman says through a translator. 'There is one person that is very interested. You can see he's already talking with you.'

Healer: The 20-year-old reality television personality brings her mother Kris Jenner and best friend Jordyn Wood along to meet with a shaman in Peru and ask him questions about their personal lives

Love advice: The makeup maven proceeds to ask the healer for some insight into her love life and relationships

'Yes, he has good intentions. He's inside, looking at you,' the shaman said.

Kylie looks to her friend and jokingly reassures her friend, 'Inside of me'.

Kris can be heard in the background asking, 'Does it start with T?' referring to Kylie's current boyfriend Travis Scott.

Young love: Kylie was told by the shaman that her current love has 'good intentions'

Kris Jenner enjoys some personal time with the shaman during the season closer of her daughter's reality television show

She previously dated rapper Tyga on-and-off for nearly two years before starting a more private relationship with the Antidote singer.

Kylie's friend Jordyn found out from the shaman that she will have to be a little more patient in her quest for love.

'He says there is no love,' the translator said to the women. 'It's gonna take time. They are there, but right now they are busy doing other things.'

Truth: Kylie's friend Jordyn found out from the shaman that she will have to be a little more patient in her quest for love

Healer: Kylie meets with a Peruvian shaman during the season finale of Life of Kylie

The lip kit queen opened up about her facial enhancements on Sunday's episode of Life of Kylie.

Kylie addressed her motives for having her lips surgically enhanced, pointing back to a traumatic comment she received during her mid-teens that compelled her to go under the knife.

'I was 15 and I was insecure about my lips ... I [had] really small lips,' the daughter of Kris and Caitlyn Jenner revealed to a therapist on the show, noting that a boy she had smooched with made an offhand remark that did damage to her psyche.

Opening up: On Sunday's Life of Kylie, Kylie Jenner, 20, said that a remark a boy made to her five years ago damaged her self-esteem, leading her to eventually undergo surgical enhancement on her lips

'It was like one of my first kisses and a guy was like, "I didn’t think you would be a good kisser because you have such small lips,"' she said, adding that she 'took that really hard.'

She continued, 'Just when a guy you like says that, I don’t know, it just really affected me - I just didn’t feel desirable or pretty.'

Kylie that she 'really wanted bigger lips' and was compelled to try and use makeup to compensate for what she felt she was lacking in: 'I would overline my lips with lip liner just to create the illusion of bigger lips.'

But eventually she nixed that fix, opting to undergo cosmetic surgery to enhance her lips. She said, 'Finally I was like, "This lip liner isn’t doing it,"' adding that she 'ended up getting [her] lips done.'

Then and now: Kylie said that poor self-esteem about her lips during her teens (L) compelled her to undergo cosmetic surgery

Temporary fix: The candid TV personality admitted that she tried to cover up her perceived shortcoming with makeup, but eventually turned to surgery

The therapist asked her, 'Isn't it amazing how people can just say a couple things and it's just like gets right in there?' to which she answered, 'It sticks with you.'

Elsewhere in the episode, the reality star blamed the stars for differences with her 'Momager' Kris and some of her other family members.

Kylie, during a philanthropic trip to Peru, was asked if she was more like Kris, 61, or Caitlyn Jenner, 67.

'I'm not like either of them,' Kylie said during a confessional on the show.

Opening up: The reality star held little back as she talked of her self-esteem issues on the show

Penultimate episode: Kylie Jenner blamed differences with her family members on the stars during Sunday's episode of Life Of Kylie

The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star cited astrological reasons for contrasts with Kris, Caitlyn and even older sister Kendall Jenner, 21.

'I butt heads with my parents and Kendall. It's three Scorpios against one Leo in the house. We're the worst signs to be together. We're not like compatible,' said fire sign Kylie of her water sign parents and sister. She added, 'We all have strong personalities. It's always them against me.'

Kylie, during the half-hour episode, traveled to Peru with her best friend Jordyn Woods and Kris to visit the Smile Train organization that helps children with clefts.

Water sign: Kris, Caitlyn Jenner and Kendall Jenner are all water sign Scorpios and fire sign Kylie said 'it's always them against me'

Fire sign: Kylie was born under the fire sign Leo unlike her parents and sister Kendall

Lip size: Kylie said she didn't feel 'desirable or pretty' after being told she had small lips

Kylie admitted to not having 'the best confidence' when she was younger and her first kiss experience in part prompted her support for Smile Train since children with clefts deal with self-confidence issues on a 'whole other level'.

Kylie last year launched a special edition of her Kylie Cosmetics lip kits, donating 100 percent of sales from her Smile lipstick to Smile Train. They visited the Delgado Clinic in Lima where a baby girl named Mia was about to undergo surgery to fix a cleft.

'I can't even imagine what Mia's mom is feeling right now. I couldn't fathom having a baby going under and doing this surgery,' Kylie said.

Philanthropic mission: Kylie supports Smile Train and watched baby girl Mia undergo surgery to fix a cleft in Lima, Peru

Children's charity: The reality star last year launched a special lipstick called Smile with 100 percent of proceeds going to Smile Train

Kris cried while the surgery was underway as she and Kylie watched through a window.

'This is changing her entire life,' Kris told Kylie about Mia's surgery. 'It makes you think twice about what our problems are, know what I mean?'

Kris told Kylie that she was worried about her and the 'real crazy pace' of the teenager's life.

Making a difference: Kylie has donated nearly half a million dollars to Smile Train and helped more than 1,800 children with clefts get new smiles

Crazy pace: Kris told Kylie that she was worried about the 'crazy pace' of her daughter's life

'It's hard to balance being a teenager and also running my business. I'm trying to laugh and make memories. I'm 19 and want to live for myself,' Kylie said.

Kris told her youngest daughter that she felt like she had it together when she was 19.

'I wanna make mistakes. I want to make bad decisions and learn from them,' Kylie replied.

Teenage mogul: Kylie talked about balancing being a teenager with running a business

Seeking growth: The reality star admitted that she wanted to make mistakes to learn from them

'You are remarkable, I'm so proud of you,' Kris told her.

'I can't think of another 19-year-old who had their s*** together enough. You are the perfect spokesperson for your generation, an amazing role model. You really are,' Kris told her.

Kris and Kylie the next day visited Mia after her surgery.

Proud mom: Kris told Kylie that she was a 'perfect spokesperson for [her] generation'

Life-changer: The caring duo of Kylie and Kris later visited Mia after her surgery

'She looks perfect. I love Mia. Are you going to remember me?,' Kylie said to the girl.

Kylie earlier in the episode ditched Kris at a fancy Michelin-ranked restaurant after she found the menu lacking.

Afer tasting potato cooked in ashes, Kylie said, 'I feel like I'm eating the earth.

New smile: Kylie told Mia that she looked perfect after her surgery to remove a cleft

She also demurred when offered crispy fish scales and cheese with alpaca's heart.

'That food is not for me, that's all I'm gonna say,' Kylie said during a confessional.

Kylie tried to leave early, but Kris shut it down.

Fancy dinner: Kris was all dressed up for a fancy dinner in Peru, but Kylie and best friend Jordyn Woods not so much

Real hungry: Kylie wasn't feeling the fancy dinner and wanted spaghetti after only eating chips and guacamole on the plane

'We can't leave right now. Play ball, kid,' Kris told her.

Kylie and Jordyn then pretended to go to the restroom, but instead jumped in a vehicle and left the restaurant.

'Oh, I guess she just walked outside,' Kris remarked after hearing the fan frenzy outdoors.

The season finale of Life Of Kylie will air next week on the E! Network.

Bailing out: The reality star turned to her best friend as they planned their escape