Ariana Grande Explains How Touring After the Manchester Bombing Was "Too Important" to Cancel Earlier this year, 22 people died after someone detonated a bomb at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, England. While the attack may have prevented other musicians from performing live for a good amount of time — and understandably so — Ariana came back as resilient as ever, ultimately headlining a benefit concert for those affected by the attack and continuing the entirety of her tour with limited interruption. And she did it with continuing grace, no less.

While Ari has spoken sparingly about her Manchester experience in the past — mostly at that aforementioned benefit concert — she opened up in a new interview with Coveteur on how abandoning her "Dangerous Woman" tour was never, ever an option in the midst of everything going on.

“I don’t think I’ve been through anything as traumatic as [what] we’ve been through. So . . . [the tour] can be a lot," she explained. "Calling it off and going home was not an option. The message of the show was too important. For the crew and everyone involved, it’s become more than just a show for us. We are really grateful to be here and really grateful for this show."

While Ari acknowledges she's now going to take much-deserved time off to "check in" on her health, her unifying message of love is what powered her through the most trying of times this year. “I think the most important thing is to have each other’s backs. When you see something or hear something that’s upsetting, or someone says something that’s upsetting, even if it’s not to you, just say something and be there and support each other," she explained. "Misogyny is ever-present, and we have to be there to support one another. That’s really it. It’s about the sisterhood. There’s no competing in that. We have to lift each other up, not try and claw each other down."

Spoken like a true honorary citizen of Manchester.

Related: Ariana Grande Wants People to Call the Las Vegas Shooting "Terrorism"