John Legend is the youngest ever to achieve EGOT status "So amazed to be in such rarefied air."

John Legend has made history as the youngest person ever to achieve that sweet, sweet coveted EGOT status.

That's someone who has received the big four, the holy grail of performance accolades: Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony Awards.

Legend, 39, completed the acronym at the Creative Arts Emmy Awards in Los Angeles on Sunday, as did Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice, all for producing best variety special winner Jesus Christ Superstar Live in Concert.

He's also the first black man to land EGOT status, making history in more ways than one.

Legend also played the role of Jesus in NBC's production of the 1970 concept album-turned-Broadway musical, so he's also up for the Emmy for outstanding actor in a limited series or movie, which will be revealed at the big primetime Emmy Awards on Monday.

Mashable Top Stories Stay connected with the hottest stories of the day and the latest entertainment news. Sign up for Mashable's Top Stories newsletter Loading... Sign Me Up Use this instead By clicking Sign Me Up, you confirm you are 16+ and agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Thanks for signing up!

"Before tonight, only 12 people had won an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony in competitive categories," wrote Legend on Instagram.

"Sirs Andrew Lloyd Webber, Tim Rice and I joined that group when we won an Emmy for our production of their legendary show Jesus Christ Superstar. So happy to be part of this team. So honored they trusted me to play Jesus Christ. So amazed to be in such rarefied air."

There are actually a total of 14 other EGOT recipients, including Audrey Hepburn, Scott Rudin, Mel Brooks. Two of these, Whoopi Goldberg and songwriter Robert Lopez, have won a daytime Emmy.

Legend's wife and supreme social media queen Chrissy Teigen posted a photo of the three "EGOT GOATS" on Twitter:

Now, we're just waiting for Teigen's dad's response.

Want to tune in for the big night? The 70th Primetime Emmy Awards will air on Sept. 17 at 5 p.m. PT on NBC.

Featured Video For You The original Boeing jetliners were seriously fancy