Whitney Port goes makeup free in sweats while out and about in Los Angeles with family Whitney Port was spotted out and about with husband Tim Rosenman and their one-year-old son Sonny on Sunday in Los Angeles.

The 33-year-old reality star, who appeared makeup free, donned grey sweatpants and a muted pink bomber jacket on the outing.

This sighting comes just days after Port told E! News that fashion went out the window once she became a mom.

Quality time: Whitney Port was spotted out and about with husband Tim Rosenman and their one-year-old son Sonny on Sunday in Los Angeles

'I usually look like a slob, honestly. I just care less now,' she told Carissa Culiner. 'When I'm with Sonny, I just want to be comfortable.'

The Hills star also addressed the hot topic of baby number two.

'I do get easily overwhelmed by things,' she admitted. 'The thought of then adding another child and adding that stress doesn't make a lot of sense to me.'

Whitney added: 'I'm really trying to not plan right now and just enjoy the moment and not put the pressure on myself to make the decision.'

Casually clad: The 33-year-old reality star, who appeared makeup free, donned grey sweatpants and a muted pink bomber jacket on the outing

Port went on to discuss her laid back parenting style with the E! Daily Pop host.

'Timmy and I trust our gut and we go with what feel comfortable for us,' she said. 'I think that is what will work best for Sonny and create a chill, easy-going child.'

Whitney and the TV producer have been married since 2015.

Confessions: Just days ago, Port told E! News that fashion went out the window once she became a mom. 'I usually look like a slob, honestly. I just care less now,' she told Carissa Culiner. 'When I'm with Sonny, I just want to be comfortable'

Along with being a new mom, Whitney recently joined the cast of MTV's The Hills reboot, which was announced in August.

The current cast includes Heidi Montag, Spencer Pratt, Audrina Patridge, Jason Wahler, Frankie Delgado, Justin Bobby Brescia, and Stephanie Pratt.

Lauren Conrad, Lo Bosworth, and Kristin Cavallari have opted not to participate in the returning reality series.