Rachel McAdams opens up about pregnancy she kept secret, motherhood Nov. 27, 2018, 10:00 a.m. ET

Finally we can confirm that Rachel McAdams even had a baby.

Sure, there were solid rumors out there. And some photos that looked like her boyfriend, screenwriter Jamie Linden, was carrying a bundled baby. Then there were paparazzi shots of McAdams, beloved for her role as iconic Mean Girl Regina George, toting a boy on her hip.

But the 40-year-old Canadian actress had not confirmed it until she told U.K. paper The Sunday Times that she gave birth to a son in April. She said it was, "The greatest thing that’s ever happened to me, hands down."

Waiting to become a mom

McAdams was 39 when she gave birth. She didn't want to have children before "it was the right time," she told the magazine.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

Turned out, it was.

"[People say] your life is not your own anymore. But I had 39 years of me, I was sick of me. I was so happy to put the focus on some other person. I waited a long time [for motherhood]."

'I need to get a life'

McAdams is managing as well as any new mom, joking that she can barely get herself dressed. But she celebrates the small successes and focuses on the giggles instead of the gaffes.

"I have clothes on and that’s a good thing. I don’t even know what I’m wearing today. The shoes are held together with glue. Isn’t that sad? I need to get a life. "I’m having more fun being a mum than I’ve ever had. Everything about it is interesting and exciting and inspiring to me. Even the tough days — there’s something delightful about them."

And here comes the big news: McAdams hasn't ruled out a second baby.

Her son, whose name she didn't reveal, has given her a clarity she hasn't known before.

"You see everything through a particular lens: very sensitive, more open. It’s like being on an (airplane) all the time."

Can we expect more mommy updates soon?

Uhhh..that's a big, fat no. McAdams, who was most recently seen in "Disobedience" with Rachel Weisz, said she values her privacy. She's not even sure how social media platforms work, isn't good at sharing her "brand" and doesn't want to.

"I’m not a great self-promoter, I wasn’t good at selling Girl Guide cookies or Christmas wrapping paper," she said.

Ah, well. It's not like she's going to have a lot of extra time on her hands now anyway. Especially if she gets busy with a second child.

READ MORE: