Melania Trump and Kate Middleton are style TWINS - but who is the real queen of fashion? Donald and Melania Trump arrive back in the US following trip

Kate Middleton, 35, is known for dressing fabulously for special state occasions.

The mother-of-two is also one for following a colour scheme. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

This has notably been the case for St Patrick’s day each year, when Kate wears a variation on green in homage to the Emerald Isle.

In 17 March, 2012 the British Royal, who wed Prince William in 2011, wore a long, dark green coat and she also wore green to attend the St Patrick's Day Parade at Mons Barracks on March 17, 2014 in Aldershot.

GETTY Kate Middleton and Melania Trump in blue: Both are a fan of this hue

This year was no different for Kate. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Perhaps learning from the Duchess of Cambridge’s cues Melania Trump, 47, wore green to meet King Abdullah II of Jordan and his wife Queen Rania, at the White House, on April 5, 2017. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

The former model from Slovenia wore a jewel-coloured hue - one of the colours in Jordan’s official flag.

The green dress featured a back belt to nip in the waist - a styling trick Kate has been known to employ numerous times.

GETTY Kate Middleton and Melania Trump: The pair can also pull off bold colours with aplomb

GETTY Melania Trump and Kate Middleton are style twins - but who is the real queen of fashion?

Kate wore a pretty nude dress to her sister’s wedding on May 20 this year.

The subdued event in Englefield Green, England meant Kate needed to take a backseat.

Similarly, Melania wore a nude two-piece to visit the Magritte Museum, on May 25, 2017 - only five days later.

Blue is a signature colour of Kate’s and she is especially partial to a baby blue.

She has worn the shade numerous times, once in Luxembourg on May 11, 2016.

GETTY Kate Middleton and Melania Trump: Both wore green to may homage to different countries

GETTY Kate Middleton and Melania Trump have worn similar white outfits too

She later wore the shade at the Hague in the Netherlands, on October 11.

This ensemble was particularly 60s-themed, making the similarity between the ice blue look and Melania’s inauguration outfit starker.

However, the pair can also pull off bold colours with aplomb.

Melania wore a long red coat dress to arrive at the Palm Beach International Airport on March 2017 this year with her husband Donald Trump.

It was a very similar ensemble to the one worn by Kate Middleton to visit the UNICEF Supply Division centre to view the distribution of aid to East Africa on November 2, 2011 in Copenhagen.