Kendall Jenner, Gigi and Bella Hadid dazzle at Victoria's Secret Fashion Show The 2018 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show was once again an event to remember, with Victoria's Secret Angel Adriana Lima walking in the show for the 18th and final time.

The woman dubbed 'the greatest Angel of all time' was joined by the next generation of fashion stars for the show, with Kendall Jenner, Gigi Hadid and Bella Hadid also taking to the catwalk in New York City on Sunday, for the televised performance of the show, which took place November 8.

Complementing the stars on stage were a host of high-profile musical acts including Shawn Mendes, Halsey, Rita Ora and The Chainsmokers.

Three beauties: [L-R] Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Gigi Hadid took to the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show catwalk in New York City on Sunday, for the televised performance of the show, which took place November 8

Adriana Lima became emotional during a farewell tribute in which she was dubbed 'the greatest Angel of all time'.

The 37-year-old walked in her first VS Show in 2000, when she was just 19-years-old and has been associated with the lingerie brand for 20 years.

The mother-of-two showed off her sensational legs in panties and feather-adorned high heels which added inches to the statuesque beauty's 5ft10in frame.

On her upper half, the Brazilian stunner was clad in decorative silver lacework and wore hundreds of peacock feathers on her back.

Lima became emotional during her penultimate walk down the VS catwalk, which was set to a slowed-down cover of Fatboy Slim's Praise You.

At one point the tearful model bowed her head and clasped her hands together as she wept.

Praise you: Adriana Lima became emotional during a farewell tribute in which she was dubbed 'the greatest Angel of all time'

Veteran: The 37-year-old walked in her first VS Show in 2000, when she was just 19-years-old and has been associated with the lingerie brand for 20 years

Sheer madness: The mother-of-two showed off her sensational legs in panties and feather-adorned high heels which added inches to the statuesque beauty's 5ft10in frame

Bird of prey: On her upper half, the Brazilian stunner was clad in decorative silver lacework and wore hundreds of peacock feathers on her back

The show opened with singer Leela James performing the first song 'This Is Me' from The Greatest Showman soundtrack.

The Chainsmokers performed next with American country pop singer Kelsea Ballerini, who provided the vocals for their collaborative song called This Feeling.

Rita Ora sang her single, Let You Love Me, and even escorted Behati Prinsloo down part of the the runway while the model's supportive husband Adam Levine cheered her on from the crowd.

Belting it out: The show opened with singer Leela James performing the first song 'This Is Me' from The Greatest Showman soundtrack

Blonde beauty: The Chainsmokers performed next with American country pop singer Kelsea Ballerini, who provided the vocals for their collaborative song called This Feeling

Drop the mic: Rita Ora [pictured] sang her single, Let You Love Me, and even escorted Behati Prinsloo down part of the the runway

Halsey was the next star to take to the stage as she performed her single Without Me. She also gave a shoutout to her BFF Bella Hadid, who joined sister Gigi at this year's show.

In a later performance, Bebe Rexha was dazzling in magenta as she sang for the PINK segment of the show.

Jasmine Tookes opened the Floral Fantasy portion of the show, while Shawn Mendes sang his hit, Lost in Japan, wearing a suit and toting a guitar on his back.

Rita Ora sang her single, Let You Love Me during a segment with water-themed visuals, including rain pouring from the ceiling.

Interesting look: Halsey was the next star to take to the stage as she performed her single Without Me. She also gave a shoutout to her BFF Bella Hadid, who joined sister Gigi at this year's show

Young gun: Shawn Mendes sang his hit, Lost in Japan, wearing a suit and toting a guitar on his back

Pretty in pink: In a later performance, Bebe Rexha was dazzling in magenta as she sang for the PINK segment of the show

Swedish model Elsa Hosk, 30, was chosen to wear the coveted Fantasy Bra for the evening.

This year's Atelier Swarovski-designed Dream Angels Fantasy Bra was made with over 2,100 Swarovski lab-created synthetic diamonds, as well as 'responsibly sourced' topaz and sterling silver.

There are more than 71 carats, including a particularly large gem at the center. All in all, it took over 930 hours to make.

According to the brand, the bra is worth a heart-stopping $1 million, though Grant Mobley, a diamond expert and gemologist, estimates the bra is only worth $56,800.

He noted to the New York Post that the based on the weight of the diamonds in the bra, it's easy to guess how much they cost — and while mined diamonds might tally up to that price, lab-grown diamonds are worth less.

'Only natural diamonds from the earth would put the value of the bra into the millions of dollars, as in past shows,' he said.

Who me? Swedish model Elsa Hosk, 30, was chosen to wear the coveted Fantasy Bra for the evening

Decorative: This year's Atelier Swarovski-designed Dream Angels Fantasy Bra was made with over 2,100 Swarovski lab-created synthetic diamonds, as well as 'responsibly sourced' topaz and sterling silver

For the show's final act, English rock band The Struts performed as Kendall Jenner took to the catwalk.

The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star looked every inch the supermodel as she strutted in lace panties and bra, while her famous mom Kris Jenner waved proudly from the front row.

The event's closer was, of course, Adriana Lima, who drew the curtain on the 2018 iteration of the fashion spectacular with moon and stars additions to her lace teddy.

Keeping up: For the show's final act, English rock band The Struts performed as Kendall Jenner [pictured] took to the catwalk

Hot lace: The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star looked every inch the supermodel as she strutted in lace panties and bra