Heidi Montag talks baby struggles and 'timing' Heidi Montag has hinted at her struggle to get pregnant in a emotional video.

The former The Hills star posted a clip congratulating her ex co-stars Lauren Conrad and Whitney Port, who are both expecting their first babies this year.

And while she says that the news of their impending motherhood makes her 'excited' for the day she welcomes her own child, the blonde beauty admits the 'timing' hasn't been right for her to get pregnant.

Scroll down for video

'Congratulations!': Heidi Montag Pratt opened up a bit about her desire to start a family and feeling discouragement as she congratulated two friends on their recent pregnancy announcements in a video posted to the Faithwire YouTube channel on Monday

She explained on the Faithwire YouTube channel this week: 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant. First and foremost, a huge congratulations to my two former co-stars Lauren Conrad and Whitney Port, who are both expecting.

'I have been planning for my own family and I am very excited for them, and it stirs up excitement with what’s going to be coming up in my life hopefully soon too. And I think, on that note, it’s important to not compare [your life] to other people’s.

'Obviously I have been wanting children and I’m excited for it, but it hasn’t been the right timing for me. So I think in life it’s important for us to pray and prioritize God’s timing in our lives and not compare [our life] to other people’s. Because we’re all different and we all have different things going on.'

Social media announcements: Both Lauren Conrad and Whitney Port opted to announce their big news via social media, with posts to their Instagram accounts; Lauren is seen here in Los Angeles on February 4

Baby on the way! Lauren, who is married to guitarist and vocalist William Tell, shared her story with this sonogram photo posted on New Year's Day

Both Lauren and Whitney opted to announce their big news via social media, with posts to their Instagram accounts.

Lauren, who is married to guitarist and vocalist William Tell, shared her story with a sonogram photo posted on New Year's Day, while Whitney, wife of producer Tim Rosenman, let the world know just this past Thursday.

The latter shared a photo revealing her baby bump, taken by professional photographer Cole Moser.

Baby makes two: Whitney, wife of producer Tim Rosenman, let the world know just this past Thursday with a photo of herself, bump out in all its glory

Ready for more: Montag Pratt, who was married to Spencer Pratt, 33, in 2009, seemed to be very ready to start her family, even if accepting that she has to wait for now; seen here in a social media post from February 4

Montag Pratt, who was married to Spencer Pratt, 33, in 2009, seemed to be very ready to start her family, even if accepting that she has to wait for now.

'Obviously I have been wanting children and I’m excited for it, but it hasn’t been the right timing for me. So I think in life it’s important for us to pray and prioritize God’s timing in our lives and not compare [our life] to other people’s,' she reiterated.

'Because we’re all different and we all have different things going on.'

Staying positive: Humbling herself, the Colorado native tried to end on a positive note, focusing on not losing hope

Reality stars: Heidi is seen here with her husband, Spencer Pratt, in the UK on February 1

Humbling herself, the Colorado native tried to end on a positive note, focusing on not losing hope.

'It is easy for us to have resolutions and to want to be different people … [but] when that doesn’t happen, we easily get discouraged,' Heidi said.

'I think it’s important for us to continue to move forward and to forgive ourselves … and to keep those goals that we set.'

The ladies, and sometimes Spencer, all appeared on MTV's The Hills together, from 2006 to 2010.