73 Questions With Gigi Hadid Gigi Hadid seems to have it all figured out. The three-time Vogue cover girl is living her best life, and has the boyfriend, career, and jet-setting social life to prove it. But if Hadid knows the secrets to happiness and success, she’s not shy about sharing them, and at the Gramercy offices of her agency IMG Models, she took on a spirited game of 73 Questions, offering up practical advice (never cut your own bangs before a campaign shoot), trade secrets (even supermodels fall asleep in their makeup), and even a Taylor Swift playlist.

There is, of course, more to Hadid than what’s on her Instagram feed, and here she provides insight into exactly how a model makes the move from bit player to superstar. First step: Listen to your parents. “If you’re not the nicest, most hardworking girl in the industry, there’s going to be someone prettier, nicer, and more hardworking,” says Hadid, sharing a piece of advice picked up from mom, Yolanda. Niceness isn’t something Hadid has to fake, but the vampy characters she portrays in editorials require a Sasha Fierce–esque alter ego—and plenty of on-set chips and guac.

Poring through her portfolio with manager Luiz Mattos, Hadid describes landing covers for the American, British, French, and Italian editions of Vogue as a career highlight: For her, nothing—not even getting her own Barbie—has compared to the thrill of joining a club that includes Christy Turlington, Linda Evangelista, and Kate Moss.

And although her millennial-Barbie moments and off-duty style make her a paparazzi magnet, even Hadid has fashion role models she looks up to: She says she wouldn’t mind raiding Rihanna’s or the Olsen twins’ wardrobes. As for her own closet, a peek inside is likely to reveal plenty of runway fashion alongside sporty gear like Kobe Bryant jerseys and equestrian pieces left over from her days as a competitive horseback rider.

Though Hadid is quick with a witty answer on nearly every subject, there are a few things she’d rather keep to herself: She demurs, for instance, when it comes time to pick her favorite tattoo on her boyfriend Zayn Malik’s body. Of course, every supermodel needs to maintain a bit of mystery—and besides, with her cover-starring streak showing no signs of slowing, there’s always the next round.