Graphic, Disturbing Details of Matt Lauer’s Alleged Sexual Misconduct Shocking new allegations have emerged about the sexual misconduct scandal that is quickly enveloping Matt Lauer. On Wednesday, mere hours after NBC announced that it had fired the Today anchor because of a complaint about alleged sexual misconduct, Variety has dropped a report with hideous allegations about the TV star’s alleged behavior. The claims run the gamut: he made lewd sexual remarks about female colleagues; he once invited a female employee to his secluded office, then showed her his penis; he gave one female colleague a sex toy with “an explicit note about how he wanted to use it on her,” Variety writes.

The allegations don’t stop there. Lauer would also reportedly quiz female producers about their sex lives, and play a crass, office-themed version of the game “fuck, marry, or kill.” He also reportedly had a button on his desk that allowed him to lock the door; two women tell Variety that it enabled him to “welcome female employees and initiate inappropriate contact while knowing nobody could walk in on him.” One former producer “who knew firsthand of these encounters” also told Variety that Lauer, who is married, allegedly cheated on his wife.

“There were a lot of consensual relationships, but that’s still a problem because of the power he held,” this person said. “He couldn’t sleep around town with celebrities or on the road with random people, because he’s Matt Lauer and he’s married. So he’d have to do it within his stable, where he exerted power, and he knew people wouldn’t ever complain.”

Representatives for Lauer have not yet responded to Vanity Fair’s request for comment. Variety notes that he could not be reached for comment. The piece is the result of a two-month investigation which stretches back before The New York Times dropped its stunning Harvey Weinstein piece, which kicked off the sexual misconduct reckoning in Hollywood and beyond. Like Weinstein prior to the controversy, Lauer is a powerful figure in the entertainment industry. He’s been the face of the Today show for years, raking in an incredibly lucrative $25-million annual salary, per Variety. That’s why it was a shock for industry insiders to learn that NBC fired him so quickly, before any bombshell investigative report broke the alleged scandal.

Shortly after Variety published its report, the Times published one as well, reporting that NBC had received two additional complaints about Lauer. One was from a former employee who says she had sex with Lauer in his office in 2001. She told the Times, she “felt helpless because she didn’t want to lose her job,” adding that she “didn’t report the encounter at the time because she felt ashamed.”

NBC’s human resources department contacted her on Wednesday regarding the allegations, she said. Representatives for Lauer did not respond to V.F.’s request for comment about this allegation. Reps for Lauer also did not respond to the Times’ request for comment.