Will The Real Housewives of Dallas' LeeAnne Locken Get Married on Camera? Every Thursday, BravoTV.com digital producers Megan Segura and Rachael Roberts are bringing you exclusive interviews with Bravolebs like Vicki Gunvalson, NeNe Leakes, and Stassi Schroeder, plus expert commentary and behind-the-scenes secrets straight from Bravo execs. Listen, like, and subscribe to The Daily Dish on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and Google Play, and make yourself part of the conversation by tweeting us @Bravotv with the hashtag #BravoDailyDish.

How to Watch Catch up on The Real Housewives of Dallas on Peacock or Bravo.

Fans saw LeeAnne Locken get engaged to her longtime love Rich Emberlin on Season 2 of The Real Housewives of Dallas and Season 3 began with the couple being toasted at D'Andra Simmons' anniversary party. D'Andra dared the two to get married right then and there, but the couple demurred. Previews for this season show the Dallas ladies discussing LeeAnne's relationship and wondering why she and Rich haven't set a date. Given that LeeAnne's engagement happened on cameras, fans have been wondering if their wedding will be a part of RHOD as well.

"I have always said that I would share it with our audience because I feel like I've taken them down the journey of watching me get engaged on camera," LeeAnne told The Daily Dish podcast. "A lot of people were like, 'You planned that!' I'm like, 'Sweetie, that was the one and only time he was ever asked me with a ring was then. I mean, what you saw was the first time that he's ever asked me. That was his real moment and my real moment. And that was our real joy. And I really wanted to share that with our audience. So, yeah, I'm going to share my wedding with our audience."

In fact, LeeAnne wants the cameras there to capture all of the intimate moments of the day — and it doesn't sound like anything is off-limits. "The wedding is a ceremony that I think people should get to enjoy. I mean, I want you to see if I get nervous or, God forbid, I trip in my wedding dress or my flowers die in my hands as I'm walking down the street or lightning strikes me and whole church burns up. I want to share all that," she laughed.

Given the special occasion, The Daily Dish podcast asked if Rich would be jazzing up his eye patch, which he has worn ever since sustaining damage to one eye.

"No, I will not bling him a patch, people. Come on now," LeeAnne said. "Every single one of my friends is like, 'I'll bling that for you. You want me to put some rhinestones on that patch?' I'm like, "Y'all, it's not an accessory. Losing your vision is not an accessory; it's a tragedy."

It sounds like Rich will be making his wedding day ensemble decisions all on his own: "I don't have to drag him everywhere and tell him what to dress and how to dress and all that. I let him do him. And then every night, I let him do me," she joked.

LeeAnne and Rich's wedding is definitely a hot topic this season. Make sure to tune in to RHOD every Wednesday at 9/8c. Check out a preview of this Wednesday's episode, below.