Scarlett Johansson Reunites With Ex Romain Dauriac After Divorce Filing Friendly night out. Scarlett Johansson stepped out with her estranged husband, Romain Dauriac, on Wednesday, April 5, weeks after filing for divorce.

Related: Scarlett Johansson’s Hottest Moments Did you think Scarlett Johansson would be any less hot because she became a mom? Think again! The blonde bombshell, who welcomed daughter Rose Dorothy with French journalist Romain Dauriac in September 2014, is still oozing sex appeal one red carpet at a time. From that unforgettable velvet mini dress she sported in 2003 to her collection of tantalizing magazine covers, see the star's hottest moments.

The Avengers: Infinity War actress, 32, and Dauriac attended the “Singular Object” opening cocktail reception at 53W53 Gallery in NYC. They posed for photos together, with Johansson noticeably not wearing her wedding ring.

The pair first went public with their relationship in November 2012 and are the parents of daughter Rose, 2. Us Weekly confirmed in January that Johansson and the French journalist were ending their two-year marriage. She filed for divorce on March 8.

Related: Celebrity Splits of 2016 From Drew Barrymore and Will Kopelman to Khloe Kardashian and James Harden, take a look back at the biggest celebrity splits of 2016 — see the pics

“As a devoted mother and private person and with complete awareness that my daughter will one day be old enough to read the news about herself, I would only like to say that I will never, ever be commenting on the dissolution of my marriage,” Johansson told Us in a statement at the time. “Out of respect for my desires as a parent and out of respect for all working moms, it is with kindness that I ask other parties involved and the media to do the same. Thank you.”

Dauriac’s attorney, Harold Mayerson, told Page Six that both parties would be fighting over custody of their daughter. “He would like to move to France with his daughter, and Ms. Johansson does a lot of traveling,” Mayerson said. “It will be an interesting process.”

Related: Celebrity Exes Reunited See Reese Witherspoon and Ryan Phillippe, Britney Spears and Kevin Federline and more former spouses get together for the sake of their children

Dauriac also issued a statement to Us via Mayerson. “It is indeed unfortunate, especially for our daughter, that Scarlett filed in court and made our personal differences so public,” the statement read. “I would implore her to withdraw her action promptly and to go back, as uncomfortable as it might be, to the negotiating table. We are the parents of a lovely daughter whom we will continue to coparent for many years and share her joys and sorrows as only a parent can.”