Bethenny Frankel Thanks a Special Someone for Saving Her Life During Her Health Scare Bethenny Frankel on the Challenges that Made Her Want to Help Women

The Real Housewives of New York City mogul is showing gratitude to her loved ones after her allergic reaction.

Bethenny Frankel has someone very special to thank for making sure that her recent allergic reaction wasn't deadly.

How to Watch Watch The Real Housewives of New York City on Bravo and Peacock.

The Real Housewives of New York City mogul shared with a fan on Twitter that the new man in her life "saved my life." Bethenny later went into further detail about how this special someone's quick thinking and his springing into action immediately after she came down with an allergic reaction ensured that she didn't ultimately lose her life. "Thanks for all of the support. I was with someone who went to get me a @Benadryl & returned & I was unconscious," Bethenny tweeted. "He managed to call 911 & get pill down my throat [with] water. He saved my life."

Check out the post on X

The RHONY mom took time out to show gratitude for her daughter, Bryn, amid this difficult time. "Because I have my peanut, I have everything I need," she shared on Twitter.

Bethenny revealed on Twitter on Monday, December 17 that she was recovering from her near-death experience. "I have rare fish allergy. Sun, I had soup, itched & was unconscious for 15 [minutes] then to ER & ICU for 2 days [with blood pressure] of 60/40," she tweeted. "I couldn’t talk, see, thought I had a stroke & dying & told if 5 [minutes] later I’d be dead. 911 & EPI saved me. I’ll never not carry an #epipen."

Check out the post on X

Ever the philanthropist, Bethenny is already taking action to help those who go through similar scary situations in the future. She has made it "a mission" of hers to make sure children with food allergies have access to EpiPens and has been working hard to secure donations of mattresses and bed linens for the hospital that treated her.

Related

Watch Bethenny make a difference for another cause that's near and dear to her heart, below.