Parents REGRET sharing sad photo of their 6-year-old son alone at his pizza birthday party The parents of a six-year-old boy who went viral in a heartbreaking photo showing him sitting all alone at his birthday pizza party, have revealed they now regret sharing the picture.

Mother Sil Mazzini says she shared the snap in the heat of the moment, after becoming upset that none of her son Teddy's 32 classmates had showed up to the event at Peter Piper Pizza in Tucson, Arizona on Sunday.

The photo, which Mazzini shared to a local news reporter Nick VinZant, showed little Teddy looking sad as he sat on his own in front of long table filled with pizzas and dozens of empty paper plates.

She added that she deeply regretted ever sharing the post, which quickly went viral with more than 2,000 comments and more than 1,000 shares.

'If I could go back in time back to that Sunday night I would have never sent the photo online. We are overwhelmed and can’t believe a photo would go viral like this. I hate it every minute of this exposure,' she said to DailyMail.com.

Parents Ted Bollinger and Sil Mazzini say they regret sharing the viral photo of their six-year-old son Teddy sitting alone when no one showed up to his pizza birthday party on Sunday

Sil Mazzini says she wishes she didn't share the picture of Teddy at his birthday pizza party in Tucson, Arizona saying: 'I was upset. That’s why I wrote a message. But I never expected any of this, for this to go so viral'

When it comes to next year's birthday, Mazzini says Teddy will have no party at all.

'No we are not. Not anymore, I don't think so because it's so much planning for me. I will just take him on a trip,' she said to the New York Post.

This year he had the option to go to Disney World, Legoland, or have a party with his class. He unfortunately chose the latter.

Mazzini said her family was heartbroken that no one showed up to Teddy's party. She believes that families may have been worn out from the school's Halloween carnival on Saturday where students showed up with their parents.

On top of that on Sunday - her son's birthday - it was raining.

But still only one parent called her following the incident to apologize for being a no-show.

'I was bummed, I was bummed out for sure,' father Ted Bollinger said.

'Teddy, the biggest things for him was having his classmates there, so not seeing them show up an hour into the party was disappointing,' he added.

Thankfully Teddy wasn't disheartened for long and enjoyed playing the arcade games and eating the pizza.

'He's six, so he was distracted by the arcade games, the pizza, he got over it quick. He’s tough. But when Sil told me she was posting [the photo], I told her not to do it, but she did and it took off. It’s pretty wild,' Bollinger said.

Teddy was also just grateful to spend his special day with his father, who works in an Alaska oil field and is often absent for weeks at a time.

'So at the end of the day, he was very happy,' Mazzini said.

Parents said Teddy got over his sadness at the party and enjoyed the pizza, arcade games, and spending time with his dad Ted who works in oil fields in Alaska and is often away from home

The family has been criticized for begging for sympathy on social media. Sil said: 'We didn’t do this for attention or for gifts or anything. I did it in the moment but I wasn’t smart. I was upset. That’s it'. Teddy pictured in a Halloween costume left and with mom Sil right

Mazzini said she received 'like 15 RSVPS' and was incredulous when not a single classmate of Teddy's at BASIS Tuscon Primary School showed up.

'I sent invitations two weeks in advance with my phone number and had 32 goodie bags full of toys for each kid in the class,' Mazzini said to DailyMail.com.

Upset with her hard work and having to pay the bill of $130 even after no one showed up, her friend urged her to post the picture online so Teddy could at least get some birthday wishes.

But now she regrets sharing the photo and she's says she's disheartened by the negative comments accusing her of begging for sympathy online.

'I was kind of shocked and then at the end when I had to pay for it, I was upset. That’s why I wrote a message. But I never expected any of this, for this to go so viral,' she said.

Despite their remorse, the viral fame has opened some incredible doors for Teddy and his family.

The viral photo caught the attention of the Phoenix Suns NBA team and the Phoenix Rising MLS team who both invited Teddy to celebrate his big day at their upcoming games.

The Rising soccer team offered Teddy tickets to a playoff game on Friday along with a personalized jersey.

The team wrote on Twitter: 'Teddy can get The Mala from @VeneziasPizza and join 7,000 of his closest friends this Friday. Come on out Teddy! #UpRising.'

Wednesday night Teddy and his family be the special guests at the Phoenix Suns game versus the Los Angeles Lakers where they'll get to see Lebron James in action.

The viral fame opened some incredible doors for Teddy's family, including tickets to Wednesday night's Phoenix Suns versus the Los Angeles Lakers NBA game

The Phoenix Suns NBA team and Phoenix Rising MLS team both invited Teddy to celebrate his birthday at their upcoming games after the sad pizza party photo went viral

DJ Khaled also shared Teddy's sad photo on Instagram calling him 'Young King' and saying that he wanted to send the Arizona kindergartner a birthday present

The Suns tweeted: 'How about we celebrate with thousands at our place! Tickets to Wednesday’s #SunsVSLakers game are all yours Teddy! Talk soon!'

DJ Khaled also shared the viral image on Instagram writing: 'Bless up and happy birthday to the Young King Teddy! The Khaled Family, @asahdkhaled and the We The Best foundation want to send you a birthday present!'

At school the following day of the birthday party Teddy said all the kids gave him their apologies, saying they forgot to go.

'It was a tough day for him, but it happened and we're moving on,' Mazzini said.

Now the family is just looking forward to the NBA game Wednesday night.

'It's going to be insane,' Bollinger said.

'I just honestly thought this would be local news in Tucson and maybe Phoenix, but we're getting calls from around the world. It's nothing like I would've ever guessed, never in my wildest dreams,' he added.

New friends: The viral post led to a massive outpour of warm happy birthday wishes for Teddy

Hundreds of social media users sent happy birthday wishes to the sad kindergartender

Critic: But not everyone was so kind. Some users accused the mom of begging for sympathy from the internet by posting the photo

Many of the people commenting on the post about Teddy's party expressed outrage that his mother would share her son's humiliation with the news outlet

Teddy has also made hundreds of friends online, receiving a major outpour of support and birthday wishes following his viral photo.

Facebook user Tyler Hendrick commented: 'From one friend to another: People are wonderful, but the quantity matters little. It is the quality of those you choose that matter. <3 Be happy and enjoy ALL that pizza!! That is the best part!'

William O'Brien wrote: 'Happy birthday my man. Once you realize happiness is from the inside stuff like this won’t hurt so bad. Wish I’d known I’d have made the drive to see you. Happy birthday lil fella.'

However the family was also shamed, with many social media users accusing the mom of begging for attention.

Kathy Van Hilsen wrote on Facebook: 'Sounds like a poor attempt get sympathy and or gift using social media. I highly doubt if the mother planned the party correctly nobody would show up. Plus what Mother (sic) invites the entire class. She set him up for failure and then publicized her accomplishment to shame him more. Sad.'

Nancy Niblett had similar concerns, commenting: 'Something is wrong here. First of all why didn’t they ask for RSVP?... Parents either wanted attention and gifts or something by sending this to the news.'