Nicole Williams weds Larry English in Laguna Beach Nicole Williams wed Larry English at the Montage hotel in Laguna Beach in May.

And on the finale of WAGS, the 31-year-old Canadian is finally seen saying 'I do' to the 31-year-old Tampa Bay Buccaneers football player.

The beauty looks nervous but thrilled as her groom says he will stick with her through 'richer and richer.'

The wedding! Nicole Williams wed Larry English at the Montage in Laguna Beach in May and now the nuptials are shown on WAGS LA

Excitement: The beauty looks nervous but thrilled as her groom says he will stick with her through 'richer and richer'

The gown: The designer of her wedding dress was Michael Costello

The two have been together for four years.

'I knew one day that I would marry Larry but I could never visualize it,' the siren begins.

She is then seen in her wedding dress, a stunning lace number from Michael Costello.

Dream come true: The two have been together for four years. 'I knew one day that I would marry Larry but I could never visualize it,' the siren begins

Cute: He is then asked to say they will stay together for richer or for richer

Tears are coming: The beauty, 31, nearly breaks down in tears but manages to catch herself

'It just feels so, so good that I can now say I'm Mrs. English,' she said.

'To call myself Larry's wife and to call him my husband, it's just surreal.'

Almost all the ladies from the show were in attendance, even Sasha Gates and Autumn Ajirotutu, who were able to finally put their differences aside and repair their friendship.

Handsome: The groom wore a white shirt and ivory blazer with a black bow tie

'I just want all the tension to be done. Because I do know your true intentions, I do know who you truly are,' Autumn said.

'Whatever was said, I am willing to move on.'

The twosome's star-studded guest list included Wilmer Valderrama, Karrueche Tran, Brody Jenner, along with Nicole's bridesmaids Shanina Shaik, Christina Milian, and WAGS co-star Olivia Pierson.

Reggie Bush and Frankie Delgado were also in attendance.

The kiss: 'It just feels so, so good that I can now say I'm Mrs. English,' she said

The bride walked down the aisle in a custom made Costello wedding gown that hugged her incredible physique.

Nicole's beautiful white dress featured a plunging neckline and intricate lace detailing that showed some skin.

She wore a traditional, long white veil that fell to the floor and was pinned to the back of her long silky hair.

The dance: They had their first dance in front of friends on a white dance floor

Close: 'To call myself Larry's wife and to call him my husband, it's just surreal,' she said

That look of love: She beamed as she held onto English, who she has been with for four years

Michael looked sharp in a white jacket, black trousers, and leather shoes.

Bridesmaids wore black attire, and Christina turned heads in a skin tight frock that flashed ample amounts of leg.

Shanina showed off her body in a sheer black gown that featured a thigh high slit.

Yet no matter how sexy their outfits were, there was no taking the spotlight off of the bride.

The rock: The wedding comes months after the world watched Larry drop down on one knee to ask Nicole if she would marry him on an episode of WAGS

Costello took a photo of Nicole, clad in her gown, as she got ready for her walk down the aisle.

'Here is my return to fashion post with this gorgeous photo of my dear friend @justtnic #nicolewilliams on her wedding day custom couture hand made gown by Michael costello couture bridal,' he said, providing more details about the beautiful dress she wore.

'We’re both so full of love in this moment and we couldn't be happier,' the couple said of their wedding in a statement released to People.

More white lace: The stunner and her man in Malibu in September for the Treats! Magazine 4th Annual White Party

The wedding comes months after the world watched Larry drop down on one knee to ask Nicole if she would marry him on an episode of WAGS.

Nicole gushed about their engagement on Instagram in October by sharing a sweet photo of her hand - complete with her diamond engagement ring - atop Larry's.

'It's been SO hard keeping this a secret for so long!! Thanks to everyone for being so kind and supportive throughout this journey!

'My heart is so full! I get to marry my best friend! Pinch me! ekkkkk!! Thank you SO much @ritani for helping Larry design the most beautiful ring my eyes have ever seen!' she captioned the snap.