Irina Shayk is seen in LA with baby Lea for FIRST TIME She delightedly welcomed her daughter Lea de Seine, with rumored fiance Bradley Cooper, in March.

And after attending the glitzy events of Cannes Film Festival last week, Irina Shayk was no doubt overjoyed to be reunited with her baby girl - as illustrated when she beamed her way through a low-key stroll on Thursday.

The 31-year-old was seen for the first time with the three-month-old in cloudy Los Angeles, as she was joined by a pal, while Bradley threw himself into shooting new movie, A Star Is Born just down the road.

Scroll down for video

Mom life: And after attending the glitzy events of Cannes Film Festival last week, Irina Shayk was no doubt happy to be reunited with her baby girl as illustrated when she beamed her way through a low-key stroll on Thursday

Irina was seen in jeans and a cropped sweatshirt as she flaunted her enviably toned frame for her low-key outing - clearly taking swimmingly to life as a mum.

Sporting fluffy sliders, she gave a nod to her impeccable style even during a simple stroll in the park - with the shoes making a bold statement in the simple look.

The Russian beauty showed off her natural good looks as she went makeup-free from beneath a huge pair of aviator sunglasses.

Later in the day she transformed into a sporty grey hoodie pulled over her face as she was strutting along pushing Lea's pram.

Back in her skinny jeans: The 31-year-old was seen for the first time with the three-month-old in cloudy Los Angeles , as she was joined by a pal, while Bradley threw himself into shooting new movie, A Star Is Born just down the road

On the go: New mom Irina took daughter Lea de Seine for some fresh air in Los Angeles

Injecting a sexy touch, she wore gym legging with sheer inserts in the side of the leg which clung tight to her frame.

Her brunette tresses were worn in loose lengths falling from a centre parting.

Shunning sunglasses for her trip, her complexion was on full show as she boasted the fabled new mother glow in all its glory.

Sporty: She wore her hood up, looking sporty in her athleisure

Leggy lovely: The Russian beauty teamed stylish black leggings with a cropped grey hoodie

The mother-of-one just got back from the south of France where she made a dazzling appearance at the AmFAR Gala along with other models and actresses.

Meanwhile, rumored husband-to-be Bradley, 42, was busy on the set of his latest film A Star is Born - where he stars opposite Lady Gaga.

He wore a brown leather jacket, faded jeans and some chunky boots as he chowed down with crew members. The four time Oscar nominee is directing as well as starring in the drama.

Working hard: Meanwhile, rumored husband-to-be Bradley, 42, was busy on the set of his latest film A Star is Born

Team player: He wore a brown leather jacket, faded jeans and some chunky boots as he chowed down with crew members

Irina and the Silver Linings Playbook star have been dating since early 2015 and sparked engagement rumors in December.

The brunette beauty has been sporting an emerald-and-diamond ring on her wedding finger.

The couple welcomed their first child in March.

Shimmering star: Irina stunned at the AmfAR Gala in Cannes on Thursday alongside Doutzen Kroes

A source close to the duo told People at the time: 'They are both extremely thrilled and feel so blessed.'

Irina has previously spoken of her desire to start a family, describing it as the 'most important thing on this earth.'

Irina told Hello! Magazine in an interview last year: 'I think family is the reason why we are here. I love my job and it's very important to me.

'I really enjoy what I'm doing but it's not the most important thing in my life - family is, friends, people who I love.'