Prince Harry Steps Out for Workout After Engagement News Shaping up! Prince Harry went for a workout at a gym on Tuesday, November 28, just one day after announcing his engagement to Meghan Markle. Harry, 33, wore a beanie and gray sweat suit for the outing.

Palace officials revealed on Tuesday, November 28, that the couple will marry at St. George’s Chapel at Windsor Castle in England in May 2018.

Related: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Are Engaged: A Timeline of Their Relationship Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s relationship has been on the world’s radar ever since they started dating in 2016. The pair announced their engagement in November 2017 and tied the knot the following May at St George’s Chapel in Windsor, England. They went on to welcome their son, Archie, in May 2019, the same month they […]

“Her Majesty The Queen has granted permission for the wedding to take place at the Chapel,” Kensington Palace said in a statement. “The Royal Family will pay for the wedding. Further details about the wedding will be announced in due course.”

Harry’s communications secretary added, “Prince Harry and Ms. Markle are delighted that the beautiful grounds of Windsor Castle will be where they begin their lives together as a married couple. The couple of course want the day to be a special, celebratory moment for their friends and family. They also want the day to be shaped so as to allow members of the public to feel part of the celebrations too and are currently working through ideas for how this might be achieved. This wedding, like all weddings, will be a moment of fun and joy that will reflect the characters of the bride and groom.”

Related: Meghan Markle Through the Years Meghan Markle has come a long way from her California roots. The daughter of retired lighting director Thomas Markle and former makeup artist Doria Ragland got her start in showbiz with a single-episode appearance on soap opera General Hospital. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid […]

Harry proposed to the Suits actress at Nottingham Cottage at Kensington Palace in London earlier this month. “It was just an amazing surprise,” Markle, 36, raved in a joint BBC News interview on Monday, November 27, of her husband-to-be popping the question. “It was just so sweet and natural and very romantic. He got on one knee. As a matter of fact, I could barely let [him] finish proposing. I was like, ‘Can I say ‘yes’ now?’”

Related: The Most Extravagant Royal Engagement Rings in History It’s a royal rock brigade! Prince Harry and Meghan Markle announced their engagement at Kensington Palace on Monday, November 27, and debuted Markle’s stunning ring to seal the deal, sending us all into Royal Wedding mania. And now, with their wedding fast-approaching at Windsor Palace on Saturday, May 19, we all have royal bling on the brain. And […]

During the interview, Harry recalled convincing Markle to join him on a romantic trip to Botswana, Africa, just weeks after they met. “We camped out with each other under the stars,” he said. “She came and joined me for five days out there, which was absolutely fantastic.”