In The Handmaid’s Tale Season 3, Brace for the Rise of June the Conqueror This post contains spoilers for The Handmaid’s Tale Season 2 finale.

If the closing moments of The Handmaid’s Tale’s Season 2 finale felt like a battle cry, that’s because they were. As Elisabeth Moss put that red hood up, she declared herself a woman on a mission: to save her daughter, and do as much damage as she can to Gilead in the process. But there are plenty of questions left up in the air as we march toward next season—not the least of which is how, exactly, she’ll pull that off.

While show-runner Bruce Miller wasn’t handing out exact details during his finale postmortem phone calls—a conference call with reporters and, later, a solo chat with V.F.—he did drop plenty of details and a few helpful hints as to what fans can expect next. The short version: June is on a war path; Aunt Lydia is not dead, and she could come back more brutal than ever; and Bradley Whitford’s character, Commander Lawrence, will be back next season, where he and June will meet anew. For a more in-depth preview, read on.

Can June rescue Hannah?

She’s damn sure going to try. As fans likely guessed from June’s decision to send her baby to Canada with Emily while staying behind in Gilead herself, our heroine has decided she can’t leave her oldest daughter—so she’s on a rescue mission. But as she’s learned before, this is not going to be an easy task. Come Season 3, Miller said we’ll learn just what June’s plan is—and yes, he promises, she does have one: “She’s sketched out what she thinks she’s capable of doing in this particular moment,” Miller told V.F. “But she also knows that if it doesn’t work out, she has survived; she’s good at surviving. She’s capable of improvising.”

At this point, Miller said, June has gained the confidence of someone who has endured enough of Gilead to know exactly what she’s capable of. While Margaret Atwood’s original version of June is a largely passive character, the series has evolved her into a more active heroine. In Season 3, June will get Hannah back or die trying, Miller said, adding, “You and I are both worried she’s gonna die; she’s not.”

The writers’ room has adopted a mantra for this next phase of the story: “Blessed be the fight.” And while Seasons 1 and 2 were mostly about June trying to survive, Season 3 will address resistance more overtly.

June has learned the hard way that escape from Gilead is not as simple as, say, boarding a plane, which she tried at the beginning of Season 2. So as she tries to rescue Hannah, Miller said part of that effort will mean working to weaken Gilead as a whole. But June’s primary, perhaps only, objective is Hannah. “If she could snap her fingers and get Hannah and leave, she would do it immediately,” Miller said.