Mama June went 'house hunting LAST MONTH with man accused of molesting daughter Anna' Mama June claimed her relationship with Mark McDaniel was 'in the past' and that she had 'not seen that person in 10 years and don't want to see that person.'

Pictures have surfaced purportedly showing June 'Mama' Shannon house hunting in Georgia with the 53-year-old convicted sex offender just last month, as reported byTMZ.

Mama June - whose show Here Comes Honey Boo Boo was cancelled by TLC following reports that she was dating her daughter Anna's accused molester - was seen strolling hand-in-hand with McDaniel through one of the home's large empty rooms.

Scroll down for video

Together again: Mama June Shannon claimed she hadn't seen convicted sex offender Mark McDaniel since his release from prison in March but pictures have emerged proving otherwise

She was joined on the home-shopping expedition by daughter Lauryn 'Pumpkin' Shannon and McDaniel's son, TMZ claimed.

Another picture showed the group walking up towards the entrance of the two-story brown brick, gable-roofed mansion.

Pumpkin, who stuck up for her mom by saying June had not been with McDaniel after he got out of prison, was also pictured looking chummy with McDaniel's son during outing.

House hunting last month: The mother-of-four was photographed looking at a house for sale just last month with Mark McDaniel (in grey shirt) along with daughter Pumpkin and McDaniel's son

Questionable companion: Mama June was pictured giving Mark - whom her daughter Anna accused of molesting her when she was a child - a friendly gaze as they strolled through the empty mansion for sale

The photo shows them arm-in-arm with big smiles on their faces, standing on an asphalt driveway.

A fifth person - who could have been one of Mama June's other daughters - was seen at the home's front door with her back to the camera.

Mama June spent Friday with her family as controversy raged following revelations she is dating the man that her own daughter claims molested her.

Chummy: Pumpkin Thompson and McDaniel's son posed arm-in-arm during the house-hunting outing

The MailOnline has obtained pictures of the first time that the Here Comes Honey Boo star has been seen since news of her alleged relationship broke.

The reality star had spent most of her day cooped up inside her McIntyre, Georgia, home which was the central set for the TLC show.

With her phone all but stuck to her ear,Mama June was clearly coming to grips with not just the worldwide condemnation, but also that the show that made her and her family household names had been cancelled.

Weathering the storm: Jessica 'Chubbs' Shannon, 17, emerged for some fresh air on Saturday at the family's home in McIntyre, Georgia

She doesn't seem upset: Chubbs had on a cheerful smile as she went about her business despite the fact that TLC has yanked Here Comes Honey Boo Boo from the network line-up

After issuing a denial that she is dating convicted sex offender Mark McDaniel - who she was in a relationship ten years prior and she was photographed on bed with recently - it did not look like she had plans to apologise or back down any time soon.

Mama June looked animated as she spoke on her phone to her ex-partner Mike 'Sugar Bear' Thompson on Friday, who sat in his truck on the street not wanting to come in.

While he did not want to come into the house, he was happy to hop out of his truck when it came to dinner time.

Signs: The front door of Mark McDaniel's Decatur, Georgia home had a makeshift sign taped to it that said: 'Private property - No trespass - No comment'

Not in the mood for chit chat: A friend or relative of McDaniel's emerged from the house to stand on the porch amidst a pile of stuff

Arm rest: McDaniel's house buddy went further out in the street to lean up against a mailbox to enjoy a cigarette break

The reality star seen heading solo into Subway to grab himself a Footlong before stopping to talk to some police offers on his way back to the car.

The reality star's face changed back and forth between bemusement, shock and anger as she stood on the porch.

Despite Mama June insisting she has done nothing wrong, it was clearly a long night for the mother of four.

Under fire: Mama June, pictured with youngest Honey Boo Boo, emerged from her home in McIntyre, Georgia for the first time on Friday since news broke she is dating a child sex offender

Controversy raging: With her phone all but stick to her ear, the 35-year-old was clearly coming to grips with not just the worldwide condemnation, but also that the show that made her and her family household names had been cancelled

June's hair appeared to be unwashed and she was wearing no makeup.

The reality star emerged in a pair of old tracksuit pants, an ill-fitting floral top and wearing just a pair of socks.

By her side was her youngest - and the daughter June and Sugar Bear share - Alana 'Honey Boo Boo' Thompson.

Seeming unaware with the drama that was swirling around her family, the little girl - who helped secure her family their reality show thanks to her outlandish behaviour on show Toddlers and Tiaras - stared at her father before losing interest and playing with the family cat.

Also at the home was her 17-year-old daughter Jessica 'Chubbs' Shannon.

Seemed determined: After issuing a denial that she is dating convicted sex offender Mark McDaniel - who she was in a relationship ten years prior and she was photographed on bed with recently - it did not look like she had plans to apologise or back down any time soon

She was not joined by sister, Lauryn 'Pumpkin' Shannon who has come out defence of her mother, telling Radronline that the picture of her mother in bed with the convicted felon that sparked this drama was 'photoshopped'.

Most noticeably absent was June's oldest Anna Cardwell, who has been left devastated at news her mother has once again been seeing Mark - as she says he molested her as a child.

She told Radar that reports by TMZ that she was victimised by her mother's then-boyfriend a number of times when she was just eight were true.

Tragic: Most noticeably absent was June's oldest Anna Cardwell, who has been left devastated at news her mother has once again been seeing Mark - as she says he molested her as a child

She told Radar: 'I believe she is seeing him and hanging around him. I'm hurt.

'I think me and Mama’s relationship may well be over.'

Radar report that Anna was abused by Mark, 53, in 2002 and 2003.

He was indicted in June 2003 for 'aggravated child molestation and aggravated sexual battery on his young victim' but the case was dismissed some time later.

Just released: Mark was released from prison in March after being serving for 10 years for the aggravated molestation of another child

Registered: The 53-year-old's crime is public record on the Georgian sex offender registry, as part of his release requires him to keep authorities constantly updated on his whereabouts

However, a year later he was sent to prison for 10 years of aggravated child molestation charges in a different case in Spalding County.

Released in March, the 53-year-old was imprisoned for 'forcing a girl to perform oral sex on him' according to TMZ.

Despite June's denials, TMZ report that child services and the local Sheriff's Department were notified of the reports shortly after the website first broke the story.

TMZ also reports that not only was June secretly dating McDaniel for several months, she also purchased gifts - including a used car - for him.

June allegedly went shopping for the car last month, visiting at least one dealership near her home in McIntyre, Georgia.

U.S. network TLC, which airs the reality show, apparently 'got wind' of the secret shopping trips.

Taking into account other 'compelling evidence' and a photograph published by TMZ showing June and Mark in bed together, TLC took steps to cancel the reality show.

The network has reportedly offer counselling to Anna.

In a statement TLC said: 'TLC has cancelled the series Here Comes Honey Boo Boo and ended all activities around the series, effective immediately.

The picture that started it all: TMZ first reported the pair was dating and released this photo of them partying in a hotel room last month

'Supporting the health and welfare of these remarkable children is our only priority. TLC is faithfully committed to the children's ongoing comfort and well-being.'

Following the cancellation, June posted a three minute video on Facebook which appears to have been taken on her phone.

'I just got a phone call this morning from TLC and as of right now there will be no more production of the show,' she says, looking down and avoiding eye contact with the camera.

She went on to deny reports she is romancing McDaniel. 'The statement of me dating a sex offender is totally untrue,' she said.

'The statement of me dating a sex offender is totally untrue': The 35-year-old continued to deny having a relationship with convicted child sex offender saying, 'I would not ever, ever, ever put my kids in danger'

'[Daughter] Pumpkin has openly said that I did not, that I've not dated him, and also his son [has].'

She continued: 'I would not ever, ever, ever put my kids in danger, I love my kids too much. That is my past. I have not seen that person in 10 years and don't want to see that person.'

With their livelihood now in jeopardy, the family matriarch took the time to thank the show's fans for their continuing support over the years.

Facebook message: The 35-year-old family matriarch took to social media on Thursday to inform fans, 'I want to make a post trying to clear up the rumors remember you can't believe everything you read!'

'We just want to thank, from the bottom of our hearts, the support that we've had from our fans since May 2012,' she smiled 'The experience has been awesome to us. The girls have been able to do things that they would not normally have [been able] to do.'

Though the show may be over, with the network confirming that the already-completed fourth season will not air, Mama June insisted it wouldn't be the last fans would see of the quirky family, who will continue to be active in their community.

'We are still going to do our Christmas display, if y'all choose to come out and meet the family still, to support our community,' she said. 'We're also going to keep updating throughout what's going on in our life.'

It's over: Here Comes Honey Boo Boo was cancelled by TLC on Friday in the wake of the sex offender scandal, the network has confirmed to MailOnline

Calling it her 'truth video', saying that the network had 'kind of told us to hush-hush' up until now, the recently separated star also spoke of ending her relationship with partner of nine years, Mike 'Sugar Bear' Thompson.

The couple - who had a televised commitment ceremony last year - only announced their split last month, but it is understood Mama June may have already been dating Mark at the time.

'Me and Sugar Bear really have broke up but we are friends and we have stayed civil,' she insists of the father of her youngest child, Alana 'Honey Boo Boo' Thompson. 'We're better off friends than we were a couple.'

As yells in the background demand that she 'shut up', Mama June wraps up her confessional on the upbeat note that: 'Things happen for a reason in life and you live and learn.'

'She is all about the kids': Lauryn 'Pumpkin' Shannon, 14 - seen here in March 2013 - insists her mom and her ex 'haven't seen nor talked [to each other] in 10 years'

Tragically, this is not the only sex offender that Mama June has been linked to.

The father of Honey Boo Boo’s 17-year-old sister Jessica 'Chubbs' Shannon, Michael Anthony Ford, 37, who dated her mother just a few months before she became pregnant, is currently behind bars.

In 2008 he served more than two years in prison for the sexual exploitation of a child over the internet due to an offence committed in 2005.

According to prison documents, he was the charged with two more counts of sexual exploration of a child steaming from 2005 also, and is currently serving ten years for each charge. He is not expected to be released until 2026.

Recent split: Last month, the reality matriarch and her partner on nine years, David Michael 'Sugar Bear' Thompson, revealed they had separated. The couple shared a televised commitment ceremony last year