6 Top Aestheticians Reveal Their Skin-Care Routines Save for dermatologists, there are seldom folks who are as knowledgeable about the inner workings of our epidermis as aestheticians. Like doctors, they've seen it all: acne, hyperpigmentation, scarring, and rosacea. The main difference is you're probably not going to book a facial if you're having an eczema flare-up. While facialists certainly see their fair share of skin concerns, it's their job not to prescribe drugs, but rather to provide treatments that help soothe and transform the skin over time. What's more: Said treatments are usually super tranquil and administered on a sleep-inducing spa table.

Our 2020 Best of Beauty Awards are live! Check out all the winning products now.

Aside from the relaxation factor, another tempting reason to see a facialist (interchangeably called aesthetician), is the personalized approach. Most of the time these complexion caregivers work by meticulously examining your skin and treating it with whatever it needs, whether it's a heavy dose of hydration, uncomfortable extractions, or a dose of LED light therapy. Celebrities, bloggers, and beauty editors (not to mention everyday folks who crave a clear complexion) rely on aestheticians for balanced, soothed skin that glows — without the highlighter.

But, I wonder: How do these skin whisperers care for their own complexions? Because I couldn't shake the curiosity, I decided to ask. Ahead, find the skin-care routines and secrets of eight top facialists.

Courtesy of brand

Morning:

Being an aesthetician and founder of her own skin-care line has taught Renée Rouleau a lot about the importance of sticking to a solid routine — however, she doesn't believe it has to have seven-plus steps for it to be effective. In fact, in the morning, she only uses four products, including SPF.

"My morning go-to cleanser is the Moisture Protecting Cleanser because it's really gentle and low-foaming, so it never leaves my skin feeling tight or dry," she says. "I then apply an alcohol-free toner, which is Shani Darden's Sake Toning Essence, to damp skin and immediately follow with my next product to lock in the hydrating benefits that the toner offer."

Next up, Rouleau applies a vitamin C serum — her Vitamin C & E Treatment, to be exact. "It has a lot of antioxidants that are required during the day to defend against environmental damage and it's also great for keeping my summer heat-induced pigmentation under control," she says.