Chris Pratt's rising fame to blame for Anna Faris split Chris Pratt, 38, and Anna Faris, 40, shocked the world when they announced their separation on Monday.

And sources are now claiming that Chris' movie star status and skyrocketing fame might have contributed to the demise of the couple's eight-year marriage.

'Chris became this huge movie star and Anna wasn't getting any big jobs. She was the more famous and sexy one at the start of their relationship and then things took a turn,' a source told Us Weekly.

Scroll down for video

Competitive? Sources claim Chris Pratt and Anna Faris' shocking split might have been caused by Chris' movie star status and skyrocketing fame

When the couple first started dating in 2009, Chris was just starting his stint on NBC's Parks and Recreation and had virtually no star power.

Anna, on the other hand, was starting to bonafide comedic actress with leading roles in House Bunny, Take Me Home Tonight and What's Your Number.

Friends say the situation has since reversed itself and Chris has gone on to become a major A-list star, while Anna has had a hard time finding big jobs.

The source added that the pair have always been a little competitive with each other.

Jealous? Friends say the work situation has reversed itself and Chris has gone on to become a major A-list star, while Anna has had a hard time finding big jobs

'When they're in a big group, they each want to be the one telling the funniest joke,' the source told the magazine.

Ironically, Anna blamed her last divorce on the same issue.

The actress was married to actor Ben Indra, but got divorced in 2007 and blamed her career successes.

'That kind of destroyed my marriage,' she told Marie Claire in a 2011 cover story. 'The divide became too great.'

It's over: Chris and Anna reportedly split due to the actor's hectic work schedule

Anna and Chris announced their separation on Sunday evening following eight years of marriage, with other sources telling TMZ that their different family values were to blame.

A source told the site that Anna wanted to have more children, but Chris 'can't juggle a growing family with his career', which sees him shoot movies all over the world, leaving home for months at a time.

The couple share four-year-old son Jack, and were keen to stress in their split statement that they 'love him very much'.

The website reports that as well as Chris not wanting to have more children in the foreseeable future there are 'other personal reasons for the split, but the way they see family in the long-term was a big factor in their decision.'

Stuck in the middle: Following the shock announcement Jennifer Lawrence found herself in the middle of reports, as fans accused her of accusing the split

MailOnline have contacted Chris and Anna's representatives for comment.

Following the shock announcement Jennifer Lawrence also found herself in the middle of reports.

As the couple confirmed their separation, fans flocked to social media to bizarrely blame the actress, 26 - who starred in Passengers with Chris in 2016 - for the split.

Taking to Twitter, one wrote: 'I can't believe Chris Pratt and Anna Faris are splitting up this is all Jennifer Lawrence's fault.'

Proud parents: The couple share four-year-old son Jack, and were keen to stress in their split statement that they 'love him very much'

Despite there being no suggestion Jennifer had any involvement in the split, another wrote: 'Jennifer Lawrence broke up Chris Pratt's marriage lol.'

'Watch chris pratt and jennifer lawrence be a thing,' another Twitter user speculated.

Other fans were quick to recall the seemingly awkward exchange that Anna and Jennifer shared when embracing at the premiere of Passengers in December 2016.

Though the ladies hugged it out in front of photographers, Anna appeared to have a pained expression while Lawrence kept her hands claw-like instead of fully touching her co-star's wife.

Co-stars: Jennifer and Chris starred together in the 2016 sci-fi flick Passengers

Awkward? Fans were quick to recall the seemingly awkward exchange that Faris, 40, and Lawrence shared when embracing at the premiere of Passengers in December 2016

Rumors swirled in 2016 that Chris and Jennifer had hooked up while filming their sci-fi disappointment Passengers.

Though the claims were strongly denied by all parties involved, Anna opened up about how the rumors affected her in an interview in December 2016.

'It made me feel incredibly insecure,' she told Isla Fisher on her own podcast, Anna Faris Is Unqualified.

'Chris and I, we talk about this a lot,' she admitted. 'We grapple with a lot of the ideas of being a public couple.'

'I just remember feeling so hurt in a way that bothered me, because I didn't want to think of myself as somebody who could be affected by … tabloid s***.'

Saw it coming? Despite there being no suggestion Jennifer had any involvement in the split, fans flocked to social media in their droves

They married on the island of Bali two years later in July 2009, and share a four-year-old son, Jack.

'I take pride in how great my relationship is with Chris,' Anna continued.

'But having said that, of course, in this crazy world where he's off doing movies and I'm in LA raising our child, of course I'm going to feel vulnerable, like any normal human would.'

Watch this space? Fans put together the bizarre theory that Jennifer was involved in the split

Embrace: Though the ladies hugged it out in front of photographers, Anna appeared to have a pained expression while Lawrence kept her hands claw-like instead of fully touching

Pratt is now one of the most in-demand actors in Hollywood, with leading roles in Guardians Of The Galaxy, Jurassic World, The Lego Movie and The Magnificent Seven.

When asked how she deals with the rumors, Anna said 'I think it is to never respond; but she did admit 'My knee-jerk reaction was to be like 'f*ck you'.

The couple announced their split in a Facebook post on Sunday night, with Chris writing: 'Anna and I are sad to announce we are legally separating. We tried hard for a long time, and we're really disappointed.

'Our son has two parents who love him very much and for his sake we want to keep this situation as private as possible moving forward.

'We still have love for each other, will always cherish our time together and continue to have the deepest respect for one another.'

Claw-like: Jennifer kept her hands in an awkward position as she hugged her co-star's wife

The last time Pratt featured his wife on Instagram was in May when he gushed about the actress on Mother's Day.

Alongside a photo of Faris and their son, Pratt wrote: 'A big Mother's Day kiss and hug across the pond to my darling wife @annafaris and our sweet boy. I miss you both so much. I love you.'

Speaking back in late April at his Hollywood Walk of Fame star ceremony, Pratt affirmed how solid his and Faris' marriage appeared to be: 'I want to thank my wife Anna, I love you.

'You've given me so much. You gave me the greatest star in the galaxy in my little boy, I love him and I love you.

'We have bonded to make this molecule that is more important to me than air or water, and without it none of this means anything to me. With every challenge, with every day, week, month, decade, we become more bonded.

The promotion for the major films Pratt takes on also takes him around the world for weeks at a time, with Faris needing to stay in LA to shoot her sitcom, which records at Warner Brothers studios in Burbank.

It's been suggested that the split is partially down to the couple's hectic work schedules, with Faris busy with her sitcom and various other projects and Pratt taking on huge blockbuster movies.

He has spent most of this summer away in the UK and Hawaii shooting Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom; and although Faris and Jack visited him on location, Pratt's schedule would have been taxing on the family.

The promotion for the major films Pratt takes on also takes him around the world for weeks at a time, with Faris needing to stay in LA to shoot her sitcom, which records at Warner Brothers studios in Burbank.

'You make me laugh like nobody else. You're very caring, and thank you for your trust and your sacrifice - and for your dedication and your heart.

'I will do my best to protect it, and in return I will give you all of those things as well. You have my heart, my dedication, my trust.'

It's over: The couple (pictured on April 24) confirmed their shock marital split on Sunday

Due to separate career trajectories, Pratt has openly admitted they've struggled with his increasingly demanding work schedule over the last several years.

'It doesn't hurt that I'm with somebody who's been, for longer than me, super recognizable and famous and working nonstop,' Chris told BuzzFeed in December.

'It's a lot to ask somebody to understand, or expect somebody to understand, why you have to be away for so long. But she's, like, 'Dude, I get it, of course you have to go.''

And back in 2015, the Guardians of the Galaxy heartthrob defended that the globetrotting working streak would ultimately lead to 'the gravy years.'

'The way we work it out is we just take at least one moment every day to be present with one another,' Chris gushed to ET with Anna by his side.

'Whether or not we're in the same room, or the same state, or even the same country, we check in, you know?'

Jennifer has been dating director Darren Aronofsky, 48, for almost one year.

Heartbreaking: Pratt, 38, shared the news on his Facebook and Twitter accounts on Sunday