Shirtless Kevin Hart kisses newborn son Kenzo Kash Kevin Hart and wife Eniko Parrish have been over the moon since the arrival of their little boy Kenzo last Tuesday.

And the 38-year-old comedian was ever the glowing father on Sunday as he posted a darling father/son photo on Instagram.

The Ride Along star appeared shirtless while cradling and kissing his bundle of joy while captioning the post: 'Morning vibes with my little man.'

It's a beautiful morning! Kevin Hart was ever the glowing father on Sunday as he posted a darling father/son photo on Instagram which he captioned 'Morning vibes with my little man.

The Philadelphia born star's caption continued: 'Feeling beyond blessed on this beautiful Sunday morning....Morning vibes with my little man.

He gave beautiful wife Eniko Parrish a nod for taking the photo, writing: 'Wifey gets the amazing Photocred.'

Kevin rounded out the post with the tags: '#Harts #BabyZo #LiveLoveLaugh.'

Later in the day Kevin shared a gorgeous black and white photo of the newborn.

He captioned the photo with a blessing for little Kenzo, writing: 'You are a little miracle / Our beautiful baby boy.'

#Blessed: Later in the day Kevin shared a gorgeous black and white photo of the newborn, captioning the shot with a blessing that read 'You are a little miracle / Our beautiful baby boy'

Bundle of joy: Kevin Hart was eager to show off his adorable newborn boy Kenzo Kash and his beautiful wife Eniko Parrish in an Instagram photo on Saturday

The lengthy captioned continued: 'We pray you'll feel so safe and loved / Surrounded by our joy. / For we are blessed to hold you close / And feel your beating heart.

'The little life we hoped for / How wonderful you are. / We raise our hearts with praise and thanks / For you our little gift.'

Saturday Kevin Hart was eager to show off his newborn boy Kenzo Kash and beautfiul wife Eniko on social.

The Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle star captioned the sweet photo: 'Sooooooo DOOOOOPPPPPEEEE.....I love how Roxy won't [leave] their side!!!! #Harts #Happy #Blessed #DopePic Photo cred ME'

Pucker up: When the infant was born, Kevin also gave followers an intimate glimpse into the family's life, posting video of the moment his other half was wheeled out of the hospital

The new mother looked glowing, donning a white sports-bra and skintight black workout shorts in the couple's bedroom.

Eniko's body looked to be in tip top shape for only giving birth less than a week ago to their little bundle of joy.

Unlike today's father/son photo, the picture didn't show much of the newborns face since he was seen wrapped up in a white patterned blanket, while in his mother's arms.

Doting parent: The Snap was adorned with a custom filter that read 'Welcome to the world Kenzo' along with a blue pacifier and hanging stars and clouds

Eniko also shared the same picture to her personal account, writing: 'A love like no other! Every ounce of pain was worth it ALL..Would I do it again? ABSOLUTELY!'

When the infant was born, Kevin also gave followers an intimate glimpse into the family's life, posting video of the moment his other half was wheeled out of the hospital.

The Ride Along star was over-the-moon in the snap, wearing an ear to ear smile while keeping cozy in a black hoodie.

He didn't hold back on the compliments, telling his wife: 'Strong woman on the move' and 'Super woman on the move, look at her!'

Experienced: This isn't Kevin's first time as a father, he also shares kids Hendrix, 10, and Heaven, 12, with first wife Torrei Hart

The Snap was adorned with a custom filter that read 'Welcome to the world Kenzo' along with a blue pacifier and hanging stars and clouds to make the frame look like a baby's mobile toy.

This isn't Kevin's first time as a father, he also shares kids Hendrix, 10, and Heaven, 12, with first wife Torrei Hart.

Kevin and Eniko seem to have moved past the 'sextortion' scandal surrounding the comic which was sparked in September.

Red-y for the holidays: Kevin wished his followers a happy Thanksgiving on his Instagram account

Montia Sabbag claimed she slept with the married Hollywood star three times during a three day blow-out in Las Vegas in August.

The scandal first unfolded on September 16 when Hart made a public apology to his pregnant wife and his two older children, saying, 'I made a bad error in judgment.'

Sabbag later said she had been the victim of an extortion scheme, with an alleged bystander said to be threatening to expose footage of the couple.