Kristen Bell breaks down in floods of tears after learning she will get to meet a sloth Really wild reaction! Kristen Bell breaks down in floods of tears... after learning birthday surprise is visit from a SLOTH



She says it was the moment her whole life had been leading up to.

And Kristen Bell has been shown weeping when her fiancé, Parenthood star Dax Shepard fulfilled her wish to meet a sloth by arranging for one to visit her on her birthday.

But when the moment finally came it was all too much, and she curled up on her bed and wept.

SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO...

Ding dong: Kristen Bell broke down after learning she was going to meet a sloth and the moment was broadcast on Ellen DeGeneres' show

Let's go: Kristen tried to overcome her tears so she could see her favourite animal but she was still struggling

Blame it on the Bell boy: She was amazed when she discovered she was going to hang out with the cute animal at her party Dax said to her: 'You're supposed to see the sloth, and I'm supposed to film you but you haven't even seen it yet.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous

1

Next Flipping hell! Miley Cyrus 'cracks her tailbone' after using... 'She's on the verge of a complete nervous breakdown': Game... Share this article Share She replies: 'I knew it, I don't know why. I knew it. I'm so excited.' The extraordinary home video was shown on the Ellen DeGeneres Show, where the Veronica Mars star explained it all started when he told her he was getting a present for turning 31 'no one has ever had before.'

Hanging with her chum: Kristen could not hide her joy as she spent time with the adorable shaggy creature

When the day came last summer she said: 'The day of my birthday, we're sitting in the living room and I hear a knock at the door.

'He says, "Your present is here. Why don't you grab the dogs and go in the back room?"'

And once she was there it immediately came to the wildlife lover's mind she would soon be introduced to her favourite animal.

She said: 'I immediately was overcome and I thought, "There's a sloth near, it's close, it's gonna happen."

Loving a sloth is not a deadly sin: Kristen was very excited as she recounted the story of her encounter with cute Melon

'And I didn't know how to process that, because my entire life had been waiting for this moment.'

Dreams can come true: Kristen with fiance and actor Dax Shepard at the 2011 UNICEF Ball last December



Kristen then explained her emotional reaction on her big day, where she is seen weeping on her bed with joy.

She said: 'If I'm not between a three and a seven on the emotional scale, I'm crying.'

The starlet then explained the torrent of emotions she went through after when she realised she was going to finally meet one of the cute mammals.

She said: 'I was sitting on my bed, knowing that my sloth is here, and I start to have a full-fledged panic attack.



'I don't know how to compete with all this emotion so I just kind of crawl up on the bed and I'm crying so hard.

And just before the clip is shown of her in crying on her bed with joy, she explained how the moment came to be recorded.



She said: 'Dax knocks on the door and he has a video camera and he's like, "Surprise! I want you to come out into the ... are you alright?"

'And he sees me basically fetal on the bed.'

The cheerful blonde then explained how much fun she had meeting the jolly creature.

She said: 'I was having a birthday party later that evening and they had set up a little habitat.

'Its a little jungle gym and she just hung out on the jungle gym for like three hours.'



The crowd and Ellen were then in stitches when she was shown overcome with emotion, and Idiocracy star Dax comes over to comfort her.

Heart felt emotion: Kristen got very animated when she started discussing her the adorable mammals

Shocked: Kristen could not believe it when Ellen claimed she had an even cuter specimen of the animal in her studio

But the naughty comedienne then made sure Kristen burst into tears on her own show.

She announced: 'Let's bring out the cutest sloth...'

And when the shocked actress started to well up again, Ellen chuckled along with the audience, before admitting it was just a prank.

As she clutched her chest and welled up, she said: 'My heart is beating so fast. Why would you do that?'



It is not the first time the Heroes star has talked about her love of the cute mammals, which are relatives of armadillos and anteaters.



Earlier this month she said: 'I've been obsessed with sloths for as long as I can remember.

