Devastated Nick and Aaron Carter ask for privacy to grieve after their father Robert dies suddenly aged 65 Backstreet Boys star hasn't spoken to his parents for nearly ten years

I LOVE YOU DADDY Devastated Nick and Aaron Carter ask for privacy to grieve after their father Robert dies suddenly aged 65

BACKSTREET Boys star Nick Carter and his brother Aaron have been left devastated after their dad Robert died on Tuesday.

The 37-year-old boy-bander admitted in 2015 he had been estranged from parents Bob and Jane for close to a decade, but still shared his sadness at his dad’s sudden passing.

He tweeted: “I am heartbroken to share the news that our father, Robert, passed away last night.

“While we learn more about the cause of death, and begin the grieving process, we ask that our privacy be respected at this difficult time.”

Aaron, 29, had a much better relationship with his parents, and paid two touching tributes to his dad on social media.

Along with a photo of him with 65-year-old Bob, Aaron Tweeted: “My heart is Completly (sic) shattered I’m in shock and I loved my dad so much. DADDY I Love You. This is the last pic I have my dad.”

Aaron then followed up with an Instagram post that read: “My heart is broken, We are so hurt we lost you poppa way too soon. You were never human to me, you were always my real life super hero.”

TMZ report that sources close to Robert believe he suffered a heart attack, and that he had “complained of chest pains and had twitching in his arm before he went to bed and never woke up”.

The site reports: “We’re told he was working a lot around the house and was out in the hot Florida sun when the chest pains started.”

Nick made the admission about the poor relationship between him and his parents in the 2015 Backstreets Boy documentary Show ‘Em What You’re Made Of.

He said “I haven’t seen them in maybe seven or eight years.”

It is not known what triggered their feud, but Nick has painted a picture of a very scary childhood in previous interviews and his autobiography.

He continued: “It was a house full of fear for me. We would be little kids and we would hear mom and dad screaming at each other.

“They’d constantly be drinking and fighting and we’d hear guns go out the window shooting. Not shooting at each other.

“They always fought over money.”

He also told Dr. Phil that finding fame at a young age and being the family breadwinner caused friction.

Nick explained: “It was just the way my household was with my father: he was a dominating personality.

“He led by fear… I believe you should lead with love.

“I always had a lot of pressure when it came to my siblings. I became the father… I was making more money that my father did at the age of 14 or 15. I became the provider.”

Nick and Aaron have three sisters, Angel, Bobbie and Leslie – who died from a suspected drugs overdose in 2012.

Nick refused to attend the 25-year-old’s funeral, claiming at the time that his family “complicates” things, and later admitting that his family blamed her for his death.

It is not known if Aaron is still estranged from his mum after he accused her of stealing from him when he was a teen star in a bombshell 2005 interview.

Speaking to US show 20/20 he said: “Every show we did, we would probably make about maybe $40,000, $50,000 a show. And it was all gone.”

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220