Sarah Ferguson: Why she was invited to Prince Harry’s wedding but NOT Prince William’s Royal Wedding: Sarah Ferguson makes her way to the chapel

Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York, is the ex wife of Prince Andrew, 58.

Although technically no longer a member of the royal family, Sarah – who is also known as Fergie – is still aunt to Prince William and Prince Harry. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

It is also known Sarah still lives with Prince Andrew at the Royal Lodge in Windsor.

Surprisingly, Sarah was not among the 1,900 guests at the wedding of Prince William to Kate Middleton, 36, in 2011.

Yet she made the cut for Prince Harry’s wedding to Meghan Markle, 36, earlier this year, which was attended by a far fewer 600 guests. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Sarah Ferguson was invited to Prince Harry's wedding this year but not Prince William's 2011 wedding

Why was Sarah at Prince Harry’s nuptials but not Prince William’s? Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

It is known Prince Harry is close to his aunt Sarah, whom he “gets on with really well”, according to a source.

A source who holidays at Verbier – a favourite Swiss ski resort among the royals – spoke to the publication about Harry and Sarah’s “adoration” for each other in 2016.

The source said: “Harry gets on with Fergie really well. He thinks she’s hilarious, and they have a mutual adoration society.

“He loves being part of her redsetter mob [a Royal Family nickname for her] and they ski together, then gas over mulled wine.”

Sarah Ferguson: She is aunt to Prince William and Prince Harry

Sarah Ferguson: She was not invited to the 2011 wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton

However, there may be another reason Sarah was not invited to Prince William’s wedding.

A year before the 2011 wedding, Sarah was filmed selling “access” to her ex husband Prince Andrew.

It is commonly believed this is the reason Sarah was not invited to the wedding.

After the wedding, she spoke about how “difficult” it was for her not being included.

“I wanted to be there with my girls… to be getting them dressed and to go as a family,” she said on the Oprah Winfrey show.

Sarah Ferguson: She attended Prince Harry's wedding to Meghan Markle earlier this year

Also, it was so hard, because the last bride up that aisle was me.” However, she explained Prince Andrew had made her feel included in the event.

She added: When Andrew went with the girls, we were talking all morning and he was saying, ‘It’s OK. Just remember we had such a good day. Our wedding was so perfect.’

“Because we’re such a unit together. He made me feel very part of the day on April the 29th.’

Sarah Ferguson’s daughter Princess Eugenie, 28, will soon have her own royal wedding to Jack Brooksban, 31.

Your daily horoscope with Russell Grant plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

What will the Duchess of York do at Princess Eugenie’s wedding? During Eugenie’s wedding, Fergie will sit in the first pew of the chapel, where she will have the best view.