Sarah Jessica Parker confirms Sex And The City 3 is not in the works Kim Cattrall has killed all hope of another installment of the popular Sex And the City movie.

And now Sarah Jessica Parker has also confirmed the third movie is not in the works when she spoke to Variety on Thursday in New York City.

The 53-year-old was attending the Women In Film & Television's Muse Awards gala luncheon when she revealed it wouldn't be happening at this time.

Sorry fans! Sarah Jessica Parker confirmed on Thursday that a third Sex In The Movie was not in the works, when she attended the Women in Film & Television's Muse Awards gala luncheon in NYC

'It's not something we are talking about right now,' she said.

'I just done have a clue.'

In September last year DailyMailTV exclusively revealed that just days before filming of the third Sex And The City movie was set to start, Cattrall pulled out.

She was said to have demanded Warner Bros produce other movies she had in development or she wouldn't sign up for the project - something she has denied.

No take three: Sarah Jessica's statement comes after co-star Kim Cattral (who played Samantha Jones) has openly refused to have any part in the project (L-R: Cynthia Nixon [Charlotte York], Sarah Jessica Parker [Carrie Bradshaw], Kim Cattral [Samantha Jones], Kristin Davis [Charlotte York])

An E! source explained. 'It was a combination of not great money and a bad storyline for Samantha. It was a bad script.'

The publication also revealed that the script had called for Samantha to be on the receiving end of sexting and 'd**k pics' from Miranda's (played by Cynthia Nixon) 14-year-old son Brady - and that was the final straw.

It's been previously reported that the main focus of a third SATC film was going to be the sudden death from a heart attack of Chris Noth's character Mr. Big and how Parker's character Carrie Bradshaw dealt with the loss of her one true love.

Two was enough: 'Kim never wanted to really do the movie to begin with,' E!'s source explained. 'It was a combination of not great money and a bad storyline for Samantha. It was a bad script.

Kim, it was claimed, felt that the movie relegated the relationship between Carrie, Samantha, Miranda and Charlotte (Kristin Davis) to a secondary level of importance while Parker as Carrie would get the primary attention.

Sarah Jessica, 53, confirmed last year that there was a 'beautiful, funny, heartbreaking, joyful, very relatable' script but that the third movie was not happening.

It's also been claimed that Cattrall has long been upset that she was paid less than Parker.

Not getting the girls back together: 'It’s not something we are talking about right now. I just don’t have a clue,' the actress told Variety on Thursday at the New York Women in Film & Television’s Muse Awards gala luncheon

Storyline: It's been previously reported that the main focus of a third SATC film was going to be the sudden death from a heart attack of Chris Noth's character Mr. Big and how Parker's character Carrie Bradshaw dealt with the loss of her one true love

Speaking on the Origins podcast, Sex And The City executive producer Michael Patrick King confirmed she was paid more than her co-stars because she was the lead.

'The show doesn't exist if Sarah Jessica wasn't the blonde star of the show, that's number one,' King explained.

'Kim was not at the height of her career, Kristin was under her in terms of notability, Cynthia was a theater actress and their contracts reflected that status.'