Avicii's Family Implies DJ's Death Was From Apparent Suicide Swedish DJ Avicii died of an apparent suicide. His family released a statement on Thursday.

The musician was found dead in Muscat, Oman, on April 20, where he was vacationing. He was 28 years old. His body was flown to back Sweden last week.

"Our beloved Tim was a seeker, a fragile artistic soul searching for answers to existential questions," the statement obtained by ET reads. "An over-achieving perfectionist who traveled and worked hard at a pace that led to extreme stress. When he stopped touring, he wanted to find a balance in life to be happy and be able to do what he loved most – music. He really struggled with thoughts about Meaning, Life, Happiness. He could not go on any longer. He wanted to find peace. Tim was not made for the business machine he found himself in; he was a sensitive guy who loved his fans but shunned the spotlight."

"Tim, you will forever be loved and sadly missed," the statement continues. "The person you were and your music will keep your memory alive."

ET has reached out to Avicii's rep.

Muscat Hills Resort, where Avicii was staying in Oman, released a statement on Instagram last Saturday, writing that "he was extremely kind to all our staff and acted like any of our regular guests."

"Avicii definitely did seem to be in good spirits while enjoying his time and he was also very friendly with everyone," the post read. "As much as we enjoyed his company here at Muscat Hills Resort, we are extremely sad to hear and read all the recent news and therefore we would like to express our sincere condolences to his family, friends and all his fans."

The musician, who was responsible for hits like "Wake Me Up" and "Hey Brother," had retired from live performances in 2016, due to health reasons. The DJ and producer had suffered from health problems over the last few years, including acute pancreatitis. He had his gallbladder and appendix removed in 2014.

In a statement to ET on Monday, Avicii's family thanked his fans around the world for their support.

“We would like to thank you for the support and the loving words about our son and brother,” the statement read. “We are so grateful for everyone who loved Tim’s music and have precious memories of his songs.”

If you or someone you know needs help, please call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK (8255).

RELATED CONTENT: