Pregnant Meghan Edmonds Celebrates Baby Sprinkle for Twins Meghan Edmonds was showered with love at her baby sprinkle.

The Real Housewives of Orange County alum, who is expecting twin boys with her husband Jim Edmonds in July, celebrated the boys’ impending arrival with friends and family over the weekend. (A “sprinkle” is a lighter baby shower designed to celebrate the upcoming birth of a second, third or fourth child. Presents are not the point, as Mama already has the necessities!)

Related: Celebrity Parents Who Have Twins From Neil Patrick Harris to Angelina Jolie and now Beyonce, scroll down to see more stars who are mom and dad to twin kids

Edmonds, 33, shared a series of photos from the party on Instagram. She captioned the Saturday, March 31, post: “An unforgettable day!”

Guests nibbled on blue macaroons and vanilla cupcakes and toasted the Bravo personality with non-alcoholic Ready to Pop bubbly. And all revelers went home knowing a little bit more about multiples! The dessert table featured a laminated sheet called Twinsies Trivia. Fun Fact: 22 percent of twins are left-handed!

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2018 A new bundle of joy! Scroll through to see all the cute babies who were born to famous parents in 2018, so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive […]

The Edmonds boys will be riding in style. E! reported on Sunday, that their mom was gifted a Nuna Demi Grow double stroller. The system offers 23 different seat positions and features the brand’s signature oversize UPF 50+ canopy for sunny days.

Edmonds, who is also mom of 16-month-old daughter Aspen, was introduced as a full-time cast member on RHOC in season 10. But she announced in January that she is done with the reality show. In a lengthy blog post, the fan favorite revealed that filming the series takes a “massive emotional toll,” as well as a physical one. The soon-to-be parent of three explained that she is choosing to focus on her family for the time being.

Related: Cutest Celebrity Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

It wasn’t an easy decision to make either. Edmonds will miss her “soul sisters” Shannon Beador and Tamra Judge.“They have touched my heart and I would do anything for them and I know they feel the same way about me,” she gushed at the time “What a gift to have found that on RHOC! But I guess it’s time for me to become an actual real housewife of sorts. Oh, the irony!”