‘Originals’ star Claire Holt suffers miscarriage Claire Holt has revealed she suffered a miscarriage.

On Sunday, the “Originals” star, 29, shared a photo of herself taken after she learned her baby had no heartbeat and prior to her dilation and curettage procedure.

“I took this photo 10 days ago, as I waited for surgery after my sweet little baby lost its heartbeat. I sent it to my fiancé [Andrew Joblon] in the waiting room to show him that I was ok. I wasn’t. I’ve never felt more broken in my life. I debated sharing this so soon and I’m still frightened about making such a private struggle public, but I’m doing it anyway because it’s important,” she wrote in the emotional Instagram post.

Following the procedure, Holt says she spent hours on the internet in search of similar stories from women, desperately seeking a community where she could feel comforted.

“After my D & C, I spent hours on the internet searching for women who had been through it. I was desperate to find someone, anyone, who could relate to what I was feeling. Someone to tell me that the depression and hopelessness were normal. That it wasn’t my fault. That I wasn’t broken forever. I found a community of women who shared my exact experience. Who were open and vulnerable about miscarriage, something that isn’t often or openly discussed. It breaks my heart to think that losing a baby feels like something we have to keep to ourselves. Why is it any different than the death of a loved one? How is it any less meaningful? Here is what I have learned as I begin to crawl out of the dark hole: support is everything,” she wrote.

She also championed the support of her fiancé Joblon.

“I could not have survived this without the unconditional love of my partner. Despite his pain, he was my rock and my safety net. I will never know how to thank him,” she wrote.

Holt shared several words of encouragement to those coping with pregnancy loss.

“To anyone out there who has been through a miscarriage, I understand you,” she said. “I share every bit of your pain and you are not alone. Please be kind to yourself and I hope that you will be comfortable sharing your story too.”

Holt and Joblon got engaged in December 2017.