Jimmy Kimmel Shares New Photo of Baby Son Billy After Heart Disease Diagnosis 



Just a few months after Jimmy Kimmel‘s baby son was born with heart disease, the proud dad has given fans an update on Billy’s health today! The TV host shared a new photo of his “happy and healthy” little boy via Instagram on Saturday, Oct. 21.

“Young Billy is six months old today. He is healthy and happy and we are all very grateful for your prayers, good wishes, thoughts, and support of @ChildrensLA and children’s hospitals in your area,” he wrote on the social media platform. This update comes just one month after Billy made his first public appearance following his open-heart surgery.

https://www.instagram.com/p/BahKVbpHP7Y/

Three months ago, Jimmy gave a similar update on Billy — and we’re so glad that he’s continuing to do better! “Billy is three months old and doing great,” the 49-year-old star wrote on Instagram alongside an adorable new photo of his little boy smiling at the camera at the time. “Thanks for the love and support. Please remind your Congresspeople that every kid deserves the care he got.”

The late night host tearfully revealed Billy’s birth and subsequent health problems during an emotional, 13-minute Jimmy Kimmel Live! monologue back in May. “A little over a week ago, on Friday, April 21st, my wife, [Molly], gave birth to a baby boy. His name is William John Kimmel,” he began while holding back tears. “We call him Billy. He was an easy delivery — only six pushes out. He appeared to be a normal, healthy baby until about three hours after he was born.”

“On Monday morning, Dr. Vaughn Starnes opened his chest and fixed one of the two defects in his heart. He went in there with a scalpel and did some kind of magic that I couldn’t even begin to explain,” Jimmy continued. “He opened the valve, and the operation was a success. It was the longest three hours of my life.” Thankfully, sweet little Billy is now healthy, and Jimmy even admitted at the time, “He peed on his mother today while she was changing his diaper. He’s doing all the things that he’s supposed to do.”

Jimmy and his wife, Molly McNeary, 39, previously announced they were expecting their second baby together in December 2016. The couple — who tied the knot in July 2013 — are already parents to a three-year-old daughter, Jane Kimmel. The TV star is additionally a father to two older kids — daughter Katie Kimmel, 26, and son Kevin Kimmel, 24 — from his first marriage to Gina Kimmel. Here’s hoping we get to see more pictures of little Billy in the near future!

Part of this story originally appeared on NowToLove.com.

More From Closer Weekly



Ashton Kutcher Jokes Daughter Wyatt Wants to “Kill” Baby Brother Dimitri

Jimmy Kimmel Will Return in 2018 to Host the Oscars

Hoda Kotb on New Life With Baby Haley — “Motherhood Is the Best Job I’ve Ever Had”