Watch the exact moment Khloe Kardashian found out she was pregnant on KUWTK Khloe Kardashian being pregnant with her first child is easily one of our favourite celebrity-based things that’s happened recently.

The 32 year old has been open and honest about her fertility struggles in the past, so for her to have announced she was expecting a child with Tristan Thompson was so heart-warming.

She broke the news on her Instagram with a gorgeous photo of her baby bump, but here is the full video of the exact moment she found out she was expecting.

Footage of her taking a pregnancy test with her personal assistant, Alexa Okyle, was shown on last night’s episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians.

In the clip, Alexa says after seeing the test, “Oh my god. There are two lines.”

“Yeah,” Khloe smiled. “Clear as day. I'm pregnant. I am and I felt that I was.”

Khloe then tried to Facetime Tristan in Toronto to tell him, but the connection was so bad he could not see the test she was holding up.

When she told him she was pregnant, he said: ‘Oh my god. Are you kidding or are you serious?”

Khloe then said to the camera: “I said 'I'm serious' and then I started crying. He said 'Are you crying?' and I was like ‘I’m crying, I don't know what's happening.'”

KUWTK

She added: “I'm super nervous, but really excited. There's a million different emotions that are going on in my brain. I think I'm in a state of shock. I almost can't believe it, but a good shock.”

Later in the show, we also got to see the rest of the family’s reaction to Khloe’s exciting news as she and Tristan gathered them together to make the announcement.

KUWTK

Khloe’s mum Kris Jenner said: “Hearing this news is the most special thing I think anyone can ever tell me. I'm ecstatically surprised. I always thought that maybe Khloe would be one of those women who didn't have kids and I struggled with that.

“It made me really sad because there was no one that was born to do this more than Khloe.”

Kourtney Kardashian, on the other hand, had this to say...

Sisters, eh?

Follow Anna on Twitter.

