A look at the unforgettable moment Prince Charles walked Meghan Markle down the aisle Prince Harry stood at the front with his best man, older brother Prince William.

A look at the unforgettable moment Prince Charles walked Meghan Markle down the aisle

Prince Harry looks at his bride, Meghan Markle, as she arrives accompanied by the Prince of Wales in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle for their wedding in Windsor, May 19, 2018.

Prince Harry looks at his bride, Meghan Markle, as she arrives accompanied by the Prince of Wales in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle for their wedding in Windsor, May 19, 2018.

Prince Harry looks at his bride, Meghan Markle, as she arrives accompanied by the Prince of Wales in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle for their wedding in Windsor, May 19, 2018.

Prince Harry looks at his bride, Meghan Markle, as she arrives accompanied by the Prince of Wales in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle for their wedding in Windsor, May 19, 2018.

As Prince Charles walked his new daughter-in-law Meghan Markle down the second half of the aisle at St. George's Chapel, the beaming bride was walking calmly and confidently on the arm of the next King of England.

Markle's mother, Doria Ragland, had escorted the bride to the church before Markle walked the first half of the aisle on her own.

Meghan Markle and her bridal walk down the aisle when she arrives for the wedding ceremony to Prince Harry at St. George's Chapel in Windsor Castle in Windsor, May 19, 2018. Danny Lawson/AP

Prince Harry looks at his bride, Meghan Markle, as she arrives accompanied by Charles, the Prince of Wales, in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle for their wedding, May 19, 2018. Jonathan Brady/PA

Prince Harry, who stood at the altar with his best man and older brother Prince William, spoke with his new bride as she arrived, telling her, "You look amazing."

Prince Harry looks at his bride, Meghan Markle, as she arrives in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle for their wedding in Windsor, Britain, May 19, 2018. Jonathan Brady/Reuters

Markle handed off her bouquet to a young bridesmaid before the ceremony began, during which the prince and his bride held hands.

PHOTOS: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's royal wedding 1 of 42 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle ride in an Ascot Landau along the Long Walk after their wedding in St George's Chapel in Windsor Castle in Windsor, England, May 19, 2018. Reuters

Markle, 36, asked Prince Charles to walk her down the aisle because her father, Thomas Markle Sr., who lives in Mexico, did not attend the wedding due to health concerns.