We'll Soon Hear Luann de Lesseps' Reaction to The Real Housewives of New York City Season 10 Reunion The RHONY singer, who was absent from this season's reunion taping, is set to sit down with Andy Cohen.

We've followed Luann de Lesseps' journey this season of The Real Housewives of New York City, from her divorce from Tom D'Agostino to her Palm Beach arrest and subsequent stay in rehab to her triumphant cabaret debut. But as anyone who's been following the news knows, Luann's journey has continued beyond the Season 10 finale.

How to Watch Watch The Real Housewives of New York City on Bravo and Peacock.

The RHONY cabaret performer checked herself back into an alcohol treatment center in July, right before the taping of this season's reunion. As a result, Luann was not present for the sit-down, the second part of which aired Wednesday night.

However, Luann will still have the opportunity to reflect on the season and address her fellow New York Housewives' comments. She's slated to appear on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen on Wednesday, September 5 at 11/10c, Andy Cohen announced on Twitter Thursday.

Check out the post on X

Bethenny Frankel, who was with Luann when she decided to enter rehab for the second time, explained at the reunion that Luann's recent family drama over the sale of her house in the Hamptons was one of the factors that contributed to her relapse. "She would want to say that it was the catalyst of her family suing her and that she would never take from her children and that she's not stealing from her children and that she's handling that. She would want everyone to know that," Bethenny told the group in regards to what Luann would have said if she were present at the reunion. "But she would say a bunch of different things. She wanted to be here, believe me."



Related

Andy shared at the reunion, "We love Lu, and we're all thinking of her. And we know she'll be back and better than ever."

Luann addressed her absence in advance of the airing of Part 1 of the reunion last week. "Wish I could’ve been there but #Healthfirst," she shared on Instagram, along with "#nevercountoutthecountess," a nod to her iconic Season 7 tagline.

Check out the post on Instagram

Luann said during an interview on Megyn Kelly TODAY earlier this month that she would have liked to address her issues with Dorinda Medley at the reunion. "Yeah, Dorinda and I are still not cool, which is unfortunate. I love Dorinda, but you know, there are some issues to be addressed, and I hope that we're gonna turn that relationship around because I love Dorinda, I've known her for a long time, so I hope we resolve it," she said. "And I'm sure at some point, we will. We're just not there yet."

The third and final part of the RHONY Season 10 reunion is coming up on Wednesday at 8/7c. How will it all end? Check out a sneak peek, below.