Mandy Moore says her divorce had to happen but her stalled career is 'soul-crushing' She was teen America's bubble gum pop princess, but not everything stayed candy sweet for this star.

Mandy Moore has opened up about her tough few years which has seen her struggle personally and professionally.

The 32-year-old spoke candidly in a new interview with Rhapsody Magazine for United Airlines, revealing she is finding her footing after a painful period in her life.

Revival: Mandy Moore has opened up about her tough few years which has seen her struggle personally and professionally

The Walk To Remember Star only just finalised her divorce to husband of six years Ryan Adams but said the split had to happen.

The star told the September issue of the magazine: 'It's not easy having to split up your life, and it still makes me really, really sad.

'For better or worse, I poured all of myself into my relationship. So it's nice that that chapter of my life has closed.'

Not holding back: The 32-year-old spoke candidly in a new interview with Rhapsody Magazine for United Airlines , revealing she is finding her footing after a painful period in her life

The pair called it quits back in 2015 but a drawn out divorce battle for spousal support and custody of their animals ensured the former teen star and her alt musician ex were not officially split until June this year.

Mandy has since moved on with another musician Taylor Goldsmith, with whom she just celebrated a year with.

Their union has once again ignited Mandy's passion for music - something which she had lost for some time.

'I miss music. For the last year or so, hanging out in this world again has ignited that part of my brain. Things finally feel like they're falling into place.

'I'm not going to let anybody or anything hold me back anymore.'

And it seems like she may have a Taylor Swift-esque musical plan in mind, so Ryan should probably prepare himself.

'I have soooo much to say and so much to write about,' the star told the magazine of her musical aspirations.

Mandy, of course, first burst into the world as a pop star in the late Nineties with song, Candy.

Had to happen: The 32-year-old split with husband six years Ryan Adams but said she gave too much of herself to the relationship, so while sad, 'it's nice that chapter of my life has closed'

Long time coming: The pair (pictured 2012) called it quits back in 2015 but a drawn out divorce battle for spousal support and custody of their animals ensured the former teen star and her alt musician ex were not officially split until June this year

The then-teen was presented to the world as the next Britney Spears or Christina Aguilera but, despite her once massive hit, her musical career did not quite take off as much as her contemporaries.

The star said it may have been because she was far less provocative: 'Maybe that was a conscious choice from the powers that be - that I was going to be different than that. I'll never know. But I am kind of prudish and quiet, and I was never going to show my midriff.'

New man: Mandy has since moved on with another musician Taylor Goldsmith, with whom she just celebrated a year with

Mandy then went for teen singer to movie star but as the 2000s wore on, the offers of movie roles just started to dry up.

Rejection, she told the magazine, started to become something she face regularly -she has been attached to three television shows that never made it to air in as many years.

But it was something she never got used to: 'It was soul-crushing. I don't know how actors do this year in and year out. I feel like I have been treading water for a while.'

Her 'treading water' seems to have finally paid off, however, with the 32-year-old cast in new NBC series This Is Us.

Mandy will be playing a new mother and described the role as 'transformative'.

The series was exactly what she needed, the star said: 'As soon as I read the script I was like, ''I have to be a part of this. This is something I would watch.''

'I miss my music': Her new union has once again ignited Mandy's passion for music - something which she had lost for some time - and she says now she won't 'let anybody or anything hold me back anymore'

Big start: Mandy, of course, first burst into the world as a pop star in the late Nineties with song, Candy, and was presented as the less provocative Britney Spears

'The dream was to find something that would allow me to be creative and flex my muscles but continue living the quiet life that I have been lucky enough to establish for myself.'

Now that she can stop treading water and move forward with her acting, Mandy also hopes to also be able to revive her musical career too.

'I will be home and settled into a routine, and it will let me get back to figuring out how to make music.'

'I have been treading water for a while': For a long time, Mandy struggled to get great acting roles and said the rejection was 'soul-crushing'

While she has fought so hard to get back to this point, Mandy confessed a part of her enjoyed being off the radar for a while.

'There's this side of me that's like: I don't really want to be seen or heard. But then I chose this career. I'm always at odds with myself. It's OK. I'm in therapy about it.'

Mandy's new show, This Is Us, premieres September 20 on NBC.