'Stranger Things' Season 3: Everything We Know So Far We're still processing the season-two finale of Stranger Things. Sure, things ended on—spoiler warning—a positive note at the Snow Ball, but we have a feeling the crew isn't finished with the mysteries of the Upside Down just yet. (Um, remember that haunting last shot of the Mind Flayer?) And then there are the blossoming romances: Eleven and Mike! Max and Lucas! Puppy love has honestly never looked cuter. There's also Nancy's love triangle with Jonathan and Steve to think about, not to mention the adorable and unexpected friendship between Dustin and Steve. Plus, what the hell is going to happen between Joyce and Sheriff Hopper? It's only a matter of time before they get together, right?

As we said, there's a lot to think about, and our questions will be answered sooner rather than later: Season three of Stranger Things hits Netflix on July 4, 2019. We talked to the cast and scoured the Internet to find out what's ahead—here's everything we know.

1. The official trailer. It's summertime in Hawkins, and the gang is spending lots of time at the pool—Billy is a lifeguard!—and the mall, where Eleven is awestruck by the retail of it all. We also see a few new characters, like the town's mayor (Cary Elwes) and Steve's coworker (Maya Hawke). Hopper and Joyce are obviously back too, along with Steve's excellent hair and his burgeoning friendship with Dustin. Oh, and creatures. Of course there are creepy creatures.

Watch the full trailer below:

2. Season three will start off with a "clean slate." That's what the Duffer brothers, the creators behind the show, told The Hollywood Reporter. Remember, the Upside Down has been closed, so that danger isn't looming over the characters anymore. But there's the issue of that pesky Mind Flayer hovering over the school, which is certainly going to cause some trouble. Ross Duffer told THR, "They've shut the door on the Mind Flayer, but not only is it still there in the Upside Down, it's very much aware of the kids, and particularly Eleven."

3. Expect to see more of Erica, Lucas's iconic little sister. “It’s cool because she’s more than just Lucas’s sister: She’s her own character," Caleb McLaughlin (Lucas), tells Glamour. "Erica has so much flavor and personality. It’s awesome.”

4. Max and Eleven start to bond. "We’ve only ever really seen boy power [on the show], which is so important to have those boys [and their friendship]. We can’t degrade those boys. They’re so amazing...but this season we need to see the girls onscreen," Millie Bobby Brown, who plays Eleven, tells Glamour. "It was so important for Stranger Things to embody that girl power and what other way than to have Max and Eleven, the most two powerful forces, come together? It was so important.”