Rose McGowan accuses stars in black of 'Hollywood fakery' Rose McGowan has accused A-listers who wore black to the Golden Globes to protest the Harvey Weinstein sex scandal of 'Hollywood fakery.'

The actress and director, who has been one of Weinstein's most vocal accusers, skipped the awards ceremony to release a trailer for her upcoming documentary.

But she made her feelings about the Why We Wear Black movement clear, tweeting that: 'Not one of those fancy people wearing black to honor our rapes would have lifted a finger' if it hadn't been for her.

The 44-year-old was responding to a tweet from Asia Argento, who also accuses disgraced former Miramax producer Weinstein of sexual assault. Argento tweeted that McGowan was 'the first one who broke the silence.'

Scroll down for video

Rose McGowan, pictured in the trailer for her new reality show Citizen Rose which debuted on Sunday night, has hit out against the Hollywood elite

Rose McGowan has accused A-listers who wore black to the Golden Globes to protest the Harvey Weinstein sex scandal of 'Hollywood fakery'

Angelina Jolie (left) and Heidi Klum (right) were among the high profile stars to wear black at the Golden Globes in Los Angeles on Sunday

'Anyone who tries to diminish your work is a troll and an enemy of the movement,' she added.

'And not one of those fancy people wearing black to honor our rapes would have lifted a finger had it not been so,' McGowan replied. 'I have no time for Hollywood fakery, but you I love, .@AsiaArgento #RoseArmy.'

It is not clear whether McGowan ever received an invite, although it does seem likely in the wake of her activism, she may have been asked to present an award.

But Argento, 42, revealed she had most definitely not been invited, while fellow sexual abuse and harassment accusers Corey Feldman and Rosanna Arquette said they hadn't been either.

'Y was I ignored 2Nite? Do U C the hypocrisy here? Hollywood taking a stand in unity, when I wasn't invited?' Feldman asked Argento on Twitter, who replied 'Don't worry, I wasn't invited either.'

She later added: 'Not only I wasn't invited to the #GoldenGlobes: nobody asked my opinion about #TIMESUP or to sign the letter. I support @TIMESUPNOW even though I was excluded from it. Guess I am not POWERFUL or HOLLYWOOD enough. Proud to work behind the scenes.'

Arquette, who accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct, also tweeted 'We weren't invited. Annabella [Sciorra], Daryl [Hannah], Mira [Sorvino] … none of us were.'

But McGowan attacked the Hollywood elite saying that 'Not one of those fancy people wearing black to honor our rapes' Pictured are Harvey Weistein accusers Salma Hayek and Ashley Judd on the red carpet after getting ready together

'It would have been too much of a downer… an embarrassment,' Argento wrote. 'Victims aren't glamorous enough.'

McGowan isn't alone in criticizing the Why We Wear Black movement. Studio 10's Jessica Rowe called the demonstration 'dumb' and suggested Hollywood's biggest stars should have boycotted the red carpet altogether for greater impact.

Dozens of actresses took part in the Why We Wear Black movement - inspired by a movement called Time's Up that fights against sexual harassment and assault and generally poor working conditions for women in the entertainment industries.

The movement's beginnings can be traced to this past October, when five women spoke with the New York Times about decades-spanning abuses by Weinstein.

Actress Ashley Judd was one of the original five women to come forward to the Times and later in October elaborated in a Good Morning America interview about her fear when she found herself inside Weinstein's Beverly Hills hotel room back in 1996.

But Argento, 42, revealed she had most definitely not been invited

Fellow sexual abuse and harassment accuser Corey Feldman said he hadn't been either

Judd was one of the many actresses who chose to wear black last night at the awards, alongside Salma Hayek, who claimed she was harassed and propositioned by Weinstein for close to a decade in a powerful op-ed published in December by the New York Times.

Hayek, who also wore black to the awards, and Judd got ready together before the Golden Globes. Hayek uploaded an Instagram with the caption: 'With my date @ashley_judd heading to the #GoldenGlobes, as usual we are kind of tardy, even though #TimesUp!'

The pair then arrived to the Globes and appeared on the red carpet together. But McGowan insisted that no one who dressed in black at the ceremony 'honored' her rape or would have taken any action if not for her own tweets about alleged abuse.

Many at the awards touched upon the scandal that has rocked Hollywood and exposed abuse and harassment claims against some of its biggest executives and stars, during their speeches.

But McGowan's name was conspicuously absent from proceedings.

The former Charmed star also tweeted about Oprah Winfrey, who led the charge for female empowerment when she delivered a powerful speech urging men and women to work together to ensure no one ever has to utter the words 'Me Too' again.

The actress and businesswoman, who received a lengthy standing ovation as she accepted the Cecil B. DeMille Award at Sunday's Globes ceremony, said she was honored to be the first black woman to receive the accolade.

The 63-year-old, who left most of the audience in tears, said she'd been inspired by all the women who have bravely shared their personal stories of abuse.

The former Charmed star tweeted about Oprah Winfrey, who led the charge for female empowerment when she delivered a powerful speech

Oprah Winfrey used her Golden Globe lifetime achievement speech Sunday night to issue a rallying cry as she begged both men and women to do what they could to ensure no one ever has to utter the words 'Me Too' again

'It's not just a story affecting the entertainment industry. It's one that transcends any culture, geography, race, religion, politics, or workplace. So I want tonight to express gratitude to all the women who have endured years of abuse and assault because they, like my mother, had children to feed and bills to pay and dreams to pursue.

'I want all the girls watching here to know that a new day is on the horizon. When that new day finally dawns, it will be because of a lot of magnificent women, many of whom are right here in this room tonight, and some pretty phenomenal men, fighting hard to make sure that they become the leaders who take us to the time when nobody ever has to say 'Me too' again.'

Oprah was sexually assaulted throughout her childhood, and has been very open about her experiences. She was raped by a cousin when she was just nine and later molested by an uncle and a friend of the family.

Her speech was widely praised with some calling 'it one of the greatest American speeches' as others urged her to make a run for President in 2020.

Dozens of actresses took part in the Why We Wear Black movement - inspired by a movement called Time's Up that fights against sexual harassment and assault. Pictures is Big Little Lies, Laura Dern taking home best supporting actress TV award

Other early awards continued the theme of female empowerment with Elisabeth Moss winning the Golden Globe Award for best actress in a television drama and Rachel Brosnahan for best actress in a TV series musical or comedy

The first Golden Globe award of the night went to one of Hollywood's most powerful women, Nicole Kidman, for her performance in HBO's The Big Little Lies

Hayek and Judd got ready together before the Golden Globes. Hayek uploaded an Instagram with the caption: 'With my date @ashley_judd heading to the #GoldenGlobes, as usual we are kind of tardy, even though #TimesUp!'

But McGowan had just two words for the TV host: 'Alright Oprah.'

She also tweeted about Trump aide Stephen Miller and CNN host Jake Tapper sparring it out on Tapper's show today, saying it was a 'turning point' for media coverage of Trump.

McGowan reached a settlement with Weinstein over her harassment claims.

Her life in the past three months will be chronicled in an upcoming E! documentary series called Citizen Rose.

It is based on her Brave, which she described as part manifesto, part memoir, about her life growing up in Hollywood and the institutionalized sexism and misogyny she suffered.

The documentary kicks off later this month with a two-hour feature-length episode following her involvement with the #MeToo campaign, from her accusations against Weinstein to her recent clash with Meryl Streep who she claims was aware of his attitude.

McGowan also tweeted about Trump aide Stephen Miller and CNN host Jake Tapper sparring it out on Tapper's show today

The 44-year-old penned her book Brave, which she described as part manifesto, part memoir. That book has now been turned into a documentary for E!

McGowan was one of the first women to publicly accuse disgraced producer Harvey Weinstein (pictured with her) of sexual misconduct

'You are formally invited into my mind and world,' said McGowan, who has moved into directing, of her new documentary. She will serve as an executive producer.

'As I ready my book, Brave, I realized I wanted to show how we can heal through art even when being hounded by evil. I want to have a conversation with everyone, and most especially, you, about looking at things differently and seeing beauty everywhere.

The first episode of Citizen Rose will air on January 30 to coincide with the release of her memoir Brave. The remaining episodes will air in spring.

As well as sharing her accusations of abuse, McGowan has also been very critical of other actresses for what she believes is a failure to speak out.

A day after the Times story was published, McGowan tweeted that she was disappointed in the silence from actresses who had worked with Weinstein.

'Ladies of Hollywood, your silence is deafening,' McGowan wrote.

She has also attacked actresses such as Meryl Streep and her former Charmed co-star Alyssa Milano for their response to the Weinstein scandal.

Weinstein has repeatedly denied 'allegations of non-consensual sex.'