Who is Cherry Seaborn? Ed Sheeran’s fiancée and childhood sweetheart of the Happier singer HE LOVES THE SHAPE OF HER

HE LOVES THE SHAPE OF HER Who is Ed Sheeran’s wife Cherry Seaborn?

AFTER rising to fame in 2011, Ed Sheeran has become a superstar singer with an army of fans.

But the singer loves nothing more than spending time with his beloved wife Cherry, and their children.

Who is Cherry Seaborn?

Cherry was born on May 6, 1992, and comes from Suffolk.

She met Ed Sheeran at Thomas Mills High School in Framlingham, where the singer is believed to have had a crush on his classmate.

The pair finished their secondary education there and Cherry then attended Duke University, which is located in Durham, North Carolina, in the US.

In 2016, after months of dealing with a long-distance relationship with Ed, The Sun exclusively revealed that she had moved back to the UK to be with him.

[article-rail-curated title=”Read more on Ed and Cherry” selected_posts=”21550512,5404685″ /]

On March 1, 2023, Ed told how his wife had a tumour in 2022 that could only be treated after the birth of their second child.

Speaking to the press he said: “Writing songs is my therapy.

“It helps me make sense of my feelings.

“I wrote without thought of what the songs would be, I just wrote whatever tumbled out.

“And in just over a week, I replaced a decade’s worth of work with my deepest darkest thoughts.

“Within the space of a month, my pregnant wife got told she had a tumour, with no route to treatment until after the birth.”

When did Ed Sheeran and Cherry Seaborn get married?

Cherry and Ed knew each other from school but it wasn’t until 2015 that he asked her out and they began dating.

The singer revealed on Instagram that he proposed to Cherry over the 2017 Christmas holiday.

In February 2019, The Sun exclusively revealed that the pair had got married in secret with NO celebrities as guests.

What does Cherry Seaborn do?

During her time in the States, Cherry impressed her peers with her incredible hockey ability.

She even led her hockey team to back-to-back British University championships in 2012 and 2013.

It was reported that before moving back to the UK, Cherry worked as an Advisory Consultant at Deloitte & Touche LLP in New York.

But in July 2020 it was revealed she had left her high-powered London job as a risk manager with Deloitte to grow fruit and veg.

Cherry’s LinkedIn page said she is “working to create a self-sufficient ­living environment, aiming to produce sustainable energy, as well as all fruit and vegetables”.

Do Cherry Seaborn and Ed Sheeran have any children?

The couple have two daughters together.

On September 1, 2020, it was revealed that Cherry and Ed had welcomed their first child together – a daughter called Lyra Antarctica Seaborn Sheeran.

Then on May 19, 2022 the happy couple revealed Cherry had given birth to another daughter, Jupiter.

They kept both of the pregnancies a secret.