Bachelorette Becca Kufrin reveals she's engaged: 'I finally found my missing puzzle piece' May 22, 2018 Updated May 23, 2018, 12:13 p.m. ET

Becca Kufrin is a fiancée once more.

Less than three months after her break-up with Bachelor Arie Luyendyk Jr. aired, the new Bachelorette revealed she is engaged to People magazine. Good Morning America also announced the news Tuesday.

"It was the happiest moment of my life. And it feels so good to say it," the 28-year-old Minnesota native told People. "I still pinch myself, like, did that all just happen? It’s been a whirlwind.”

Understandably so. Luyendyk proposed to Kufrin only to break-up with her on-camera and make a play for his season's runner-up Lauren Burnham.

Luyendyk and Burnham are now engaged and announced on The View Wednesday they will marry in a private ceremony in Maui on Jan. 12.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

Kufrin says after her public break-up, she grieved. “I was confused and angry and all the emotions you go through a heartbreak with,” she said to People. But the potential to find love again as The Bachelorette, it seems, deadened the ache of her broken heart.

“Yes, I fell in love and we were engaged,” she told the entertainment magazine. “But that ended. And I realized nothing since then changed. I still wanted to find my partner, and I wasn’t going to let anything stop me.”

Kufrin calls her turn as Bachelorette "the most worthwhile thing I've ever done," and shares using the word "fiancé" for her new man has another feeling this time around.

"It just has a different feeling. It feels so good to say it, and this time I feel like it's gonna stick," she said. The odds are in Kufrin's favor. Out of the 13 Bachelorettes that have come before her, three married the winners from their seasons, and three are currently engaged to their final picks. Out of 22 seasons of The Bachelor, only Season 17's Sean Lowe and Catherine Giudici (married in 2014 with two kids) stuck it out.

Whatever the future holds for Kufrin and her new love, one thing is for certain, she is extremely happy right now.

"I feel like I just can't wipe the smile off my face," she said to People. "It just feels like it's just a perfect fit for me... in my heart, it just feels so right. I feel like I finally found my missing puzzle piece."

Kurfins Bachelorette journey begins with a two-hour premiere Monday (8 p.m. ET/PT, ABC).