Does Brittany Cartwright Wish She Had Been the One to End Things with Jax Taylor Last Summer? The Vanderpump Rules SURver reveals if she would have done things differently after Jax broke up with her.

Does Brittany Cartwright Wish She Had Been the One to End Things with Jax Taylor Last Summer?

Fans of Vanderpump Rules have experienced a roller coaster of emotions in Season 6. From the season premiere, Brittany Cartwright and Jax Taylor were off to a rough start when cheating rumors around Jax bubbled to the surface and turned out to be true. From there, the hits kept coming for Brittany and their relationship. From audio recordings to reiki masters, last summer was a rocky road for Brittany, who stayed by her man after he cheated on her.

How to Watch Vanderpump Rules Season 12 is streaming now on Peacock. Stream on

In her recent interview with The Daily Dish podcast, Brittany shared with hosts Rachael Roberts and Megan Segura all the ups and downs — and even the regrets — she had in her relationship last summer.

"I didn't really take time for myself after everything happened over the summer, like, after he cheated and everything," Brittany explained. "I really didn't have time to just even get away from him." This created a lot of confusing feelings for the Kentucky native. "I still wanted him to be around," she admitted. "I just felt very betrayed, betrayed after everything, of course, this summer that had happened."

On Monday night's episode, Jax told Brittany he wanted to take a break in the wake of his fling with Faith Stowers. The couple have since reconciled and seem do be doing better than ever. "I'm so much happier now," Brittany said of her current relationship with Jax. "Everything's better."

While things are going smoothly for the pair now, did Brittany ever wish she'd been the one to initiate the breakup when she discovered Jax had been unfaithful? "I do now because of how he embarrassed me so bad, but I just — I don't know. I just wasn't in that head space. It's hard to explain because I was going through so many emotions."

To hear more about their relationship, including if Brittany ever hooked up with the new SUR barback, Adam, listen to the podcast episode above.

New episodes of Bravo's The Daily Dish are available on Thursdays. Listen, like, and subscribe to Bravo TV's The Daily Dish podcast on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and Google Play, and make yourself part of the conversation by tweeting @Bravotv and using the hashtag #BravoDailyDish.