Amber Heard and Elon Musk Reportedly Broke Up (Again) A mere month after becoming the leading exemplar of a healthy, well-adjusted break-up followed by a chill reconciliation, Amber Heard and Elon Musk have, reportedly, broken up again. People reports that the actress and aspirant space cowboy have split, just after they were spotted together in Chile over winter break. “Elon decided it was time to end it and Amber agreed,” a source told the outlet. “They both still care deeply for each other but the timing wasn’t right.”

Sound familiar? It should. When Heard and Musk broke up in August, sources said that their schedules just weren’t clicking. “The timing wasn’t good for them,” a source told US Weekly at the time. “He’s super busy and works all the time. Amber is filming Aquaman in Australia until October. She’s in no position to settle with him. She feels her career is just starting.” Currently, Musk is working on the Tesla Model 3, People reported, and Heard’s film, Aquaman, is currently in post-production.

Amber Heard and billionaire Elon Musk confirmed their relationship via a cute meets cheesy Instagram.

Heard and Musk were first reported as dating in 2016, but didn’t make things Instagram official until April 2017. After a year of romance, however, they split, although remained close enough for Musk to leave cute comments on Heard’s posts. Nevertheless, the breakup took a toll on the Tesla CEO, who made his intense feelings known in a Rolling Stone profile.

“I was really in love, and it hurt bad,” he told Rolling Stone. “I’ve been in severe emotional pain for the last few weeks. Severe. It took every ounce of will to be able to do the [Tesla Model 3 launch event in July] and not look like the most depressed guy around. For most of that day, I was morbid. And then I had to psych myself up: drink a couple of Red Bulls, hang out with positive people and then, like, tell myself: ‘I have all these people depending on me. All right, do it!'”

“I will never be happy without having someone. Going to sleep alone kills me,” he’d continued. “It’s not like I don’t know what that feels like: Being in a big empty house, and the footsteps echoing through the hallway, no one there—and no one on the pillow next to you. F—. How do you make yourself happy in a situation like that?”

So, maybe they aren’t done for good. Yet.