WAGS Miami's Ashley Nicole Roberts weds NFL player beau WAGS Miami star Ashley Nicole Roberts and Atlanta Falcons defender Philip Wheeler are man and wife.

The high-profile couple wed in Curacao on Sunday at sunset in front of 100 family and friends, US Weekly reported.

Roberts, 27, in planning her wedding to Wheeler, 32, said she went for a 'very formal beach glamour' with 'lots of bling, candles everywhere and gold touches.

Newlyweds! WAGS Miami star Ashley Nicole Roberts, 27, and Atlanta Falcons defender Philip Wheeler, 32, wed on Sunday in Curacao

'It’s a beach wedding, but still very glam,' said the model, who boasts more than 193,000 Instagram followers.

She told the magazine she had two lavish outfits on her big day: a mermaid gown by Milady for the ceremony, and a Lena Bernisha dress with a detachable train.

'I wanted to be able to dance the night away,' she said of the latter.

WAGS: Ashley (R) posed with her E! co-star Darnell Nicole at an event in Fort Lauderdale in March

Proud parents: The duo have a young son named Phillip Jr., as seen here in this beach shot

The duo, who have a young son named Phillip Jr., got engaged on-air on the E! reality show last fall after a big evening at Villa Casa Casuarina, formerly known as the Versace Mansion. The football veteran proposed with a diamond ring worth in excess of $100,000.

Veteran: Wheeler, seen here in December 2015 after a Falcons game in Atlanta, has played for four NFL teams over nine seasons

MVPs: The proud papa posed with his son after the Falcons' NFC championship win earlier this year over the Green Bay Packers

Fun-filled year: The mom and son enjoyed the falling confetti after the Falcons' big win

Roberts explained to the publication how she came up with the 'perfect' location for their exotic destination wedding.

She said, 'I really wanted to pick a place that no one I knew had been before … so it would be an experience not just for me and Phil, but for everyone,' adding, 'and it’s only a two-hour flight from Miami.'

WAGS Miami's second season premiere airs on E! June 29.