Prince Harry’s secret trip abroad to his favourite country - without Meghan Markle Meghan Markle and Harry discuss engagement ring in 2018

Prince Harry, 33, is often jet-setting around the world, having travelled to the French Riviera and Northern Ireland this year, as well as a secret location for his honeymoon.

He will also visit Australia, New Zealand, Fiji and Tonga later this year on his first royal tour with Meghan as a married couple. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

However, Harry also went on a secret trip earlier this year to Botswana, a country special to the pair.

The royal decided to go without his new wife, however, as Meghan did not join him on the trip.

The Duke of Sussex is on a private working trip to Botswana Kensington Palace

A Kensington Palace spokeswoman told ITV: “The Duke of Sussex is on a private working trip to Botswana, to join the annual general meeting for Rhino Conservation Botswana in his capacity as patron. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

“He attended the board meeting in Maun and an RCB community project in Xarakao village." Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

The secret trip was not disclosed at the time, although he was thought to have visited in August.

It was suggested by royal correspondent Omid Scobie that it was the second time the royal had travelled to the region this year.

He may have decided against taking Meghan seeing as it was a business trip as Patron of the Rhino Conservation Botswana, who work to protect black and white rhinos.

Prince Harry: The royal travelled abroad on a secret trip without Meghan Markle

While Meghan did not join him on his trip, the pair spent a romantic holiday there before their engagement, when he whisked her to the country on their third date.

He said in the BBC interview: “I managed to persuade her to come and join me in Botswana. We camped out with each other under the stars.

“She came and joined me for five days out there, which was absolutely fantastic.

“So then we were really by ourselves, which was crucial to me to make sure that we had a chance to know each other.”

They also visited the country to celebrate Meghan’s 36th birthday last year.

Prince Harry: He headed on a secret trip to Botswana in August (pictured in 2017)

Prince Harry: He has visited a number of times, pictured here in 2017

Botswana is a special place for Prince Harry having taken three previous girlfriends to the country also.

According to British journalist Andrew Morton, he also took Natalie Pinkham, Chelsy Davy, and Cressida Bonas.

In his book Meghan, A Hollywood Princess, he wrote: "Alongside his charity work for Sentebale and official duties, Harry made Africa his favourite holiday destination — especially when trying to impress a girlfriend.”

The latest news and gossip from the Royal Family plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

The Royal Family often travel to parts of Africa, with the Queen favouring Kenya, where she became Queen.