While still aspiring to be the greatest, new mom Serena... It was no surprise she walked back on-court in Paris with a splashdown that soon had her trending on Twitter. Tiptoeing has never been Serena Williams’ style. As she took center court Tuesday at the French Open, her first Grand Slam tournament in 16 months, Williams skipped wearing a traditional tennis skirt and came out rocking a black, full-length Lycra bodysuit and the braids she wore at her friend Meghan Markle’s royal wedding to Prince Harry two weekends ago. On TV, Tennis Channel commentator Mary Carillo captured what’s changed for Williams in three words:

“Here comes Mom.”

Advertisement

Williams is 36 and seemingly unfettered by age, having won 10 of her 23 Grand Slam titles since her 30th birthday — the last of them at the 2017 Australian Open, where she didn’t lose a set during her seven-match tear though she was secretly eight weeks pregnant. But it’s telling that Williams, unlike her older sister, Venus, routinely allows retirement talk to leak into her remarks now, or that her sit-down interviews increasingly appear less on the sports pages and more often in places like Vogue and Vanity Fair and CNN.

Serena is increasingly looking beyond the baseline and toward the rest of her life.

The latest comeback that Williams has embarked on Tuesday will almost certainly be remembered as Serena’s Last Act, the final installment in her transformative, often tumultuous, ultimately transcendent career.

Williams should not win this particular French Open. But that doesn’t mean she won’t pull off the greatest high-wire act of her career.

She’s the queen of The Big Ask, as longtime tennis writer Pete Bodo so perfectly called her a few weeks ago. Though she’s played sparingly and missed long stretches of matches before, then resumed pulverizing the rest of the tour as if she never left, it’s never been under circumstances like this.

Even for Williams, playing only four singles matches since giving birth to her first child, getting married, filming a bracingly intimate five-part HBO documentary about the past year, and then working feverishly to return to tennis has been an epic undertaking filled with fits and starts. She nearly died from a pulmonary embolism in 2011 and was smart enough to know she was in danger again after she gave birth to her daughter, Olympia, last September by emergency C-section because the baby’s blood pressure was dropping too low. The next day, as Serena later recounted to Vogue, she became short of breath, dragged herself out of her hospital bed and into the hallway to summon a nurse.

Advertisement

“I need a CT scan with contrast and a heparin (blood thinner) drip,” Williams correctly told the medics, who did an ultrasound at first instead. “A Doppler?” she challenged them. Soon she was in surgery to deal with an abdominal hematoma, then surgery again to implant a filter to protect her from more blood clots in her lungs. Once she got home, she was in bed for six weeks. She briefly tried to come back in February but realized after a 2-2 singles record that she wasn’t fit enough or ready.

So before she defeated 70th-ranked Kristyna Pliskova, 7-6 (4), 6-4, on Tuesday with a solid but understandably uneven performance, Williams had not played a competitive match in two months – unless you count the overhead smash she blasted at Madrid Open tournament director Ion Tiriac after she withdrew from his tournament a few weeks ago and he made some boorish remarks about her pregnancy weight gain. “I’ll have words with him,” Williams told The New York Times. “It’s an ignorant comment and a sexist comment and maybe he’s an ignorant man.”

Nor did she remain quiet when French Open officials declined to seed her among the tournament’s Top 32 players because she’s been inactive so long, justifying it by pointing out they did the same to former No. 1s Viktoria Azarenka and Kim Clijsters after they became mothers.

“Pregnancy is not an injury,” Williams shot back, adding momentum to a worldwide discussion about how women often pay for jumping on the Mom track.

Williams’ willingness to engage such issues unapologetically and head-on is classic Serena. It’s already a little melancholy to think how less interesting tennis will be once she’s gone. She’s been the most dominant and outspoken and revolutionary female sports figure since Martina Navratilova. When Billie Jean King — the holder of those honorifics before them– asked Williams to sit on the board of The Billie Jean King Leadership Initiative last year, King said she was looking for someone like-minded to pass the torch to — and Serena is it.

But Serena has amplified and expanded on what King and Navratilova did.

Advertisement

She’s become an increasingly eloquent voice on race in the years since she won her first major at 17. She’s fiercely smart and witty, unabashedly strong and sensual, hyper-competitive enough to threaten to cram a ball down the throat of a US Open lineswoman once upon a time, and yet vulnerable enough to admit some of the personal attacks and losses over the years have hurt like hell.

She’s a style maven/social media maestro who does acting and music video cameos with the likes of Beyonce, and a business mogul and has earned $84 million on the court and an estimated $150 million off it. In addition to the new Duchess of Sussex, she numbers Sheryl Sandberg, Oprah Winfrey and 10.5 million Twitter followers among her friends, not just Nike founder Phil Knight.

Williams refuses to be boxed in by old tropes or conventional thoughts about what’s “appropriate” or “feminine” or “impossible,” flicking away attacks on her musclebound build and answering probing questions, like what it’s like to be an African-American icon who married a white businessman, Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian, with grace.

“It just goes to show you that love truly has no color,” she has said.

When Ohanian was asked to describe what attracted him to Serena, he told Vanity Fair, “I felt like a door had been opened to a person who made me want to be my best self. . . . I find myself just wanting to be better by simply being around her because of the standard she holds.”

Now that Williams has these additions to her personal life, there’s been some outside chatter that she doesn’t “need” tennis anymore.

But she says, “I want more.”

She concedes she can feel the sweep of her 20-year career behind her and dreams of leaving with a “drop the mic” moment.

She’s volunteered that “there’s something really attractive” about just going off to the house she and Ohanian recently bought near his San Francisco base and being a mom to their nine-month-old daughter. She said Tuesday that she thought about Olympia before taking the court Tuesday against Pliskova. When told during her on-court interview immediately afterward that her outfit was trending on Twitter, Williams smiled and said it was a nod to, “All the moms out here that had a tough pregnancy and have to come back and try to be fierce in the middle of everything.

“Can’t beat a catsuit, right?” she joked.

Advertisement

Williams – who plays Australia’s Ashleigh Barty next, and perhaps two-time French Open champ Maria Sharapova after that — has been asked over and over the past few months what she’s enjoyed most about Olympia so far, and she always sounds absolutely smitten: “My favorite thing is her toothless smile….Just holding her, and the way my heart skips a beat. I never thought of that…We’ve never been apart more than 24 hours. Ever…We’re not spending a day apart till she’s 18.”

But there is at least one more huge thing in tennis that Williams says she has to do, and it has less to do with proving anything about competing after motherhood – though she’s interested in that too. It’s more about cementing her claim to the title of greatest tennis player ever, regardless of gender, even if that’s another honorific her main rival for the distinction, 20-time Slam winner Roger Federer, ceded to her in an interview with the Wall Street Journal a week ago.

Williams wants to slingshot past Margaret Court for most Grand Slam singles titles ever, at 25. She needs two more.

Maybe that will be the drop-the-mic moment Serena is looking for. Or maybe she’ll look back someday and say it wasn’t one moment, but a constellation of them. Either way, it’s riveting to see her back. The breadth of what Williams has accomplished and the person she’s become isn’t limited to tennis. She’s the queen of The Big Ask, all right. And already, she’s emphatically answered every question no matter how this last act goes.

(Top photo: Jean Catuffe/Getty Images)