Tori Spelling and Jennie Garth reunite for reboot pitch meeting with three 90210 castmates Tori Spelling and Jennie Garth reunited in LA on Thursday with three of their fellow Beverly Hills, 90210 castmates for a scripted reboot pitch meeting.

45-year-old Tori (who played Donna Martin) shared a silly video of 46-year-old Jennie (who played Kelly Taylor) pushing her through an office hallway in a mail cart.

'I get to work with my best friend. Been celebrating holiday seasons for almost three decades with @jenniegarth,' the daughter of 90210 producer Aaron Spelling gushed earlier this month.

Rolling through! Tori Spelling and Jennie Garth reunited in LA on Thursday with three of their fellow Beverly Hills, 90210 castmates for a scripted reboot pitch meeting

'Your the Kelly to my Donna and the Yin to my Yang. A friendship that was created on television but a sisterhood for a lifetime. Work is always play when it's with you.'

The blonde gal pals have been pictured hanging around CBS Studio Center several times, including 'taking bestie selfies' on the lot's official golf carts.

The married mother-of-five first let news of the possible 90210 reboot slip in a March 9 Instagram post captioned: 'Great creative day yesterday with my #partnerincrime!'

The teen soap centered on West Beverly Hills High School students ran for 10 seasons spanning 1990-2000, and spawned three spin-offs as well as a short-lived reimagining on The CW in 2008.

Weee! 45-year-old Tori (R, who played Donna Martin) shared a silly video of 46-year-old Jennie (L, who played Kelly Taylor) pushing her through an office hallway in a mail cart

The daughter of 90210 producer Aaron Spelling gushed earlier this month: 'I get to work with my best friend. Been celebrating holiday seasons for almost three decades with @jenniegarth. Your the Kelly to my Donna and the Yin to my Yang. A friendship that was created on television but a sisterhood for a lifetime. Work is always play when it's with you'

'Don't tell our studio!' The blonde gal pals have been pictured hanging around CBS Studio Center several times, including 'taking bestie selfies' on the lot's official golf carts (pictured December 10)

The married mother-of-five first let news of the possible 90210 reboot slip in a March 9 Instagram post captioned: 'Great creative day yesterday with my #partnerincrime!'

TMZ's cameras caught Spelling and Garth meeting up with Ian Ziering (who played Steve Sanders) at a Sunset Blvd. coffee shop along with producers Mike Chessler and Chris Alberghini.

Also at the meeting were Jason Priestley (who played Brandon Walsh) and Brian Austin Green (who played David Silver)

And while TMZ reported the Peach Pit gang met with reps from Netflix, Amazon, and Hulu; Deadline insisted the project was solely destined for CBS.

Throwback! The teen soap centered on West Beverly Hills High School students ran for 10 seasons spanning 1990-2000, and spawned three spin- offs as well as a short-lived reimagining on The CW in 2008

October 20 hang session: TMZ's cameras caught Spelling and Garth meeting up with Ian Ziering (L, who played Steve Sanders) at a Sunset Blvd. coffee shop along with producers Mike Chessler and Chris Alberghini

Evergreen: Also at the meeting were Jason Priestley (L, who played Brandon Walsh) and Brian Austin Green (R, who played David Silver)

Looking for an outlet! And while TMZ reported the Peach Pit gang met with reps from Netflix, Amazon, and Hulu; Deadline insisted the project was solely destined for CBS

Deadline also alleged that current SAG-AFTRA President Gabrielle Carteris is interested in reprising her role as brainy Andrea Zuckerman on the reboot.

But it's unclear if CBS convinced Luke Perry to return as the brooding Dylan McKay since the 52-year-old father-of-two keeps busy as Fred Andrews in The CW's Riverdale.

As for Shannen Doherty (who played Brenda Walsh), the 47-year-old breast cancer survivor Insta-storied a video of herself 'back at it' in the make-up chair of a mystery project.

The Heathers actress - who notoriously butted heads with many involved in the original 90210 series - was 'feeling sassy' alongside her mother Rosa.

Free time? Deadline also alleged that SAG-AFTRA President Gabrielle Carteris is interested in reprising her role as brainy Andrea Zuckerman on the reboot (pictured December 12)

Yay or nay? But it's unclear if CBS convinced Luke Perry to return as the brooding Dylan McKay since the 52-year-old father-of-two keeps busy in The CW's Riverdale (pictured October 8)

'Back at it!' As for Shannen Doherty (who played Brenda Walsh), the 47-year-old breast cancer survivor Insta-storied a video of herself in the make-up chair of a mystery project