Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner Get Warnings About Health and Relationships on 'Hollywood Medium' - Watch Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner are getting strong warnings about their futures.

The sisters appear on Wednesday's episode of Hollywood Medium With Tyler Henry, where Henry warns Khloe, 32, that she might be susceptible to skin cancer and tells Kylie, 19, that she might be stuck in an unhealthy relationship.



RELATED: Kylie Jenner and Boyfriend Travis Scott Get Matching Tattoos – See the Pics!

"OK this just came through really strongly. Skin, I'm seeing skin, I'm referencing to what looks like melanoma," Henry tells the Keeping Up With the Kardashians star. "I'm getting a reference to three separate situations that I view as being problem areas. You have a susceptibility on your back and there's a susceptibility on your leg and I need you to keep both in mind. This is huge."

He then tells Kylie that there is a situation "with an individual from the past that you have been romantically involved with."

"I basically see this individual coming in and out. And to me that generally indicates that this person is kind of in our lives, then kind of out of our lives," he continues. "The feeling is basically that we want to really set healthy boundaries and say, 'No, you can't kind of dip your toes in and leave when you want and really can't commit.'"

"Yeah, I think I know who you're talking about," Jenner chimes in.



RELATED: Kourtney Kardashian Hits Miami Beach in High-Waisted White Swimsuit

In another clip, Khloe brings a stuffed animal toy monkey that belonged to her father, Robert Kardashian Sr., and Henry proceeds to jot down everything that comes to him.

"There is a feeling of not having full closure of not being there in the moment of the passing," he tells Khloe, adding that her father might not have wanted his family to be there when he died.

"His parents didn’t know he was dying," Khloe replies. "He just kept it a secret. He wanted them to come and see him and then he wanted to say goodbye to them and say goodbye to all of us. After everyone left he ended up passing away."



Hollywood Medium with Tyler Henry airs Wednesdays on E!