Mandy Moore marries Taylor Goldsmith in 'intimate backyard ceremony' Mandy Moore and Taylor Goldsmith married in an intimate boho-style backyard ceremony at her Los Angeles home on Sunday evening.

The This Is Us star, 34, and the musician, 33, tied the knot at sunset in front of just 50 guests, including Mandy's co-stars Milo Ventimiglia and Chrissy Metz, three years after meeting on Instagram.

The actress is said to have arranged 'very boho' nuptials with 'rugs on the floor surrounding the altar' and a selection of 'beautiful' floral arrangements.

Wedding bells: Mandy Moore wowed in a stunning pink wedding gown as she tied the knot to fiancé Taylor Goldsmith in a romantic ceremony at her home on Sunday evening

An insider told E! of their special day: 'It was an intimate backyard wedding at Mandy's home that started just after sundown on Sunday evening.

'There was a small group of family and friends that looked to be about 50 people.'

After the couple exchanged their 'I dos', they continued the celebrations at The Fig House, which is a private event space in the Highland Park neighborhood of Los Angeles.

Minka Kelly, Sterling K. Brown and even Mandy's former flame Wilmer Valderrama were also among the famous faces who turned out for the couple's big day.

Another insider told E! there was no formal dinner at the nuptials, but a 'number of food stations around the venue, including meat, chicken, vegetarian, raw food, flat bread, cheese and charcuterie and more'.

The happy couple! Mandy shared this blissful snap after saying 'I do' to husband Taylor Goldsmith in her intimate backyard ceremony

Nontraditional: Mandy is said to have arranged 'very boho' nuptials with 'rugs on the floor surrounding the altar'

Stunning: Mandy styled her hair into simple loose waves, atop of which was a stunning veil that boasted ornate beaded detailing

Guests could also treat themselves to 'a whiskey station, lots of wine, and 12 different kinds of cake'.

But just hours before the wedding, Mandy suffered a tragic loss after her beloved cat Madeline passed away.

The actress revealed her rescue cat died 'suddenly' on Saturday evening.

Mandy and Taylor met on Instagram back in July 2015, with the musician proposing in the summer of 2017 after two years of dating.

The actress was previously married to musician Ryan Adams, 44, for six years from 2009 to 2015.

Mandy filed for divorce in January 2015, with the couple describing the marital split as 'respectful, amicable parting of ways'.

Gorgeous: The star complemented her pink dress with soft blush hues, including a glistening eyeshadow, dewy rouged cheeks and a natural lipstick

Wedding of dreams: Guests could also treat themselves to 'a whiskey station, lots of wine, and 12 different kinds of cake'

Meticulous attention to detail: The charming bouquets of flowers were spruced up with intricate feather details

Doing her own thing: Speaking ahead of the wedding, Mandy admitted she had no plans to wear a traditional white wedding dress

Speaking ahead of her wedding, the Princess Diaries actress revealed she had no plans to wear a traditional white wedding dress because she'd already been married once.

Mandy said: 'I’m kind of confident that it’s not going to be the stereotypical white wedding dress, because it just doesn’t feel the most me.'

She also told People: 'I feel like I eloped before and I think I’ll probably keep it very small again. I’ve never been the girl that wanted to wear a white dress.

Smitten: Taylor proposed to Mandy in December 2017 after two years of dating

'No judgement, but it’s not for me. I think it’ll be just as small with family and friends. No bridal magazines for me.'

The actress also revealed plans to keep her wedding low-key, telling E!: 'It's not going to be some lavish affair, it's maybe something that isn't going to require as much planning or at least that's what I'm telling myself.

'I picked a funny profession for someone who doesn't like all the attention focused on them.'