Andy Cohen Says This Celeb Was One of the Worst Watch What Happens Live Guests "She didn't want to answer any of my shady questions," Andy said of one disappointing guest.

Andy Cohen Says This Celeb Was One of the Worst Watch What Happens Live Guests

Bravo Rewind is celebrating the shows, moments, and Bravolebs that make this network iconic. Continue the trip down memory lane by getting an exclusive update from The Real Housewives of New York City's Kristen Taekman on Life After Bravo.

How to Watch Tune in to WWHL on Bravo Sunday through Thursday and next day onPeacock. Catch up on Bravo. Stream Now on

Andy Cohen is in Los Angeles for a week of Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen tapings. While in La La Land, the talk show host caught up with Jason Kennedy at E! News — and he offered some pretty juicy scoop.

When the E! host asked Andy to share a time that a WWHL interview didn't go as planned, Andy responded with candor. "Amber Rose ... didn't want to answer any of my shady questions," he said. "She turned to me, she goes, ‘Am I a horrible guest?' I go, 'You are in the running for one of the worst guests we've ever had.'" Check out part of that interview in the clip, above.

Andy also opened up about questions that he was nervous to ask on his show. "I got nervous asking Oprah if she'd been with a woman," he said. "I got nervous asking Shaq how big his dick was." Fair enough!

Kennedy had one more big question for the WWHL host: Will Kim Zolciak-Biermann return to The Real Housewives of Atlanta? "I think she's done," Andy confessed. "She walked out of [The Season 10] reunion and I was like, 'OK, I've seen the last of that wig at these reunions.'"

Watch Andy spill more tea in the clip below.

Every night Sunday through Thursday at 11/10c, Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen brings you lively conversations about everything in the world of entertainment, politics, and pop culture. Now, get that same dose of celebrity (and Bravolebrity) fun as a podcast! Get the audio from every episode, plus the After Show and exclusive behind-the-scenes details from Andy Cohen himself. Subscribe now for new episodes every afternoon at 4/3c on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Stitcher, or wherever you listen to podcasts.