Kylie Jenner and Jordyn Woods take it to 'next level' Kylie Jenner and best friend Jordyn Woods fake tied the knot in Peru during Sunday's season finale of Life Of Kylie.

The 20-year-old reality star left momager Kris Jenner, 61, stunned as she told her that she and Jordyn wanted to 'perform a ceremony' together on their South American trip.

Kylie after stringing her mother along over dinner revealed that the pair wanted to take part in a friendship commitment ceremony.

Friend wedding: Kylie Jenner took part in a friendship ceremony with best friend Jordyn Woods on Sunday's season finale of Life Of Kylie

'You know that me and Jordyn have a special connection. Since it has been a few years now we thought we should take it to the next level. We are going to do a little ceremony,' she told her confused mother on the season finale of the E! show.

'Your ceremony?' asked Kris nervously.

'It's our wedding day,' Kylie told her.

'So are you coming out? Are you gay' Kris asked.

Best friend: Jordyn exchanged vows with her best friend Kylie

Good question: Kris Jenner asked if Kylie was gay as she talked about the ceremony

Kylie explained that the ceremony was 'like a marriage for friends'.

'Are you against us being together?' Kylie asked.

'No but you guys can't get married, I mean you are best friends,' Kris told her.

Relationship ceremony: Kylie explained that the ceremony was 'like a marriage for friends'

'I want people to know we are more than that,' said Kylie.

Kylie told the cameras that she wanted Jordyn to 'know that I will always be there to support her.'

Kyle and Jordyn then went ahead with the full commitment ceremony, dressed in white fur jackets and hats, carrying flowers and goats.

Symbolic color: The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star wore white for the ceremony

Kris then asked if the official overseeing the ceremony understood that it wasn't a real marriage.

'Do we need to get this annulled after? There's no prenup, f***,' whispered Kris.

Jordyn then told Kylie that she 'vowed to always be there for you through thick and thin, in this life and after.'

Always thinking: Kris asked if Kylie would need an annulment after the ceremony

'Jordan I promise to encourage you, inspire you and love you through all the good and bad times. I will forever be there to laugh with you and lift you up when you are down,' said Kylie.

'I vow to love you through all our adventures and I vow to take you as my best friend,' Kylie added.

The pair then exchanged rings.

Ring exchange: Kylie and Jordyn exchanged rings during the ceremony

'We have a relationship, she is my girlfriend . Do we kiss now?' said Kylie

'I care for her like I care for my girlfriend,' Kylie said of her bond with Jordyn.

The pair then laughed and danced.

Good times: The friends danced together after the ceremony

'I don't know what the laws are in Peru, but technically I am not single,' joked Jordyn.

'Jordyn is my ride or die and vice versa. We might not always be together but we will always be connected in the mountains of Peru,' Kylie said.

The episode kicked off with Kylie, Kris and Jordyn, 19, meeting a shaman.

Shaman visit: The half-hour episode opened with a visit to a shaman

The group sat around for the ancient ceremony.

'I think my mom thinks we are a little crazy,' said Kylie as she asked the shaman about her love life.

The shaman told her that the signs for her were 'actually very good' and that there was already a suitor 'talking' to her.

Love reading: Jordyn was told that she had no immediate prospects for love

But Jordyn was not so lucky and the shaman told her there were no immediate prospects for love.

'They are there but right now they are busy doing other things,' she said as the girls giggled.

When the shaman asked if she was currently working, Jordyn told her that she was but 'was currently lost in every direction.'

Group session: Kylie and Jordyn took part in the shaman ritual as Kris watched on

'That's okay Jordy you have me,' said Kylie comfortingly.

Kylie then told the cameras how she liked to keep a small group of very close friends, including Jordyn.

'They bring out a part of me that I love. Jordyn and I are always on the road and doing something, we just have a connection that is, like, once in a lifetime,' she said.

Rare connection: The reality star said she had a once in a lifetime connection with Jordyn

Jordyn then went to speak to Kris and told her that she had not been home in three weeks and that she was feeling a lot of pressure.

Kris told Jordyn that she had a lot on her plate and urged her not 'to get lost in Kylie, in her world.'

'I have a lot of empathy for everybody around me and I tend to lose focus on what I need,' admitted Jordyn.

Own space: Jordyn was worried about getting lost in Kylie's world

Kris asked her if she felt there was 'co-dependency' with Kylie and urged her to say no to her friend when necessary.

'You have to take care of Jordyn,' urged Kris.

'Sometimes I get lost in her world and she has so much going on all the time,' Jordyn told the cameras.

Sage advice: Kris told Jordyn that she had to look out for herself and not get lost in Kylie's life

'I need to work on not following her because when you are just 19 you have an excuse, but when you are in your 20s you have to figure that s*** out. This is a whole new chapter but I am kind of nervous to tell Kylie.'

Kylie later connected with fans in Peru as she and Jordyn drove along in a SUV.

And it did not take long for Jordyn to bring up her concerns about their situation and about the difficulty she was experiencing 'establishing her own place and career.'

Candid conversation: Jordyn broke it to Kylie that she needed to work on taking care of herself

'It's the pinnacle of my life and so much fun. I just feel bad saying no to doing things because we really only have each other,' Jordyn shared.

'I don't want you out here doing stuff by yourself that's not fun. It's hard for me to find the balance in my life.'

But Kylie quickly pushed back.

Pushed back: Kylie pushed back that she didn't force Jordyn to do anything

'I do feel like I do a lot of s*** by myself,' she shot back.

But Jordyn was not giving any ground and told her that she was on a lot of the trips.

Kylie told her even if she was she rarely saw her.

Showing support: Jordyn was assured by Kylie that she would always be there for her

'Because you are occupied. In Miami was I supposed to just sit in my room and wait until you guys are ready to go?' she asked.

'I was doing my makeup,' Kylie countered back at her.

'I was going to go in your room and do my makeup with you and get ready and we were gonna leave. It was just a miscommunication.'

Makeup miscommunication: Kylie and Jordyn bickered about a makeup situation in Miami

Kylie then reached over and rubbed her friend's neck as they bickered about the situation.

'I never force you to do anything. I've always been the 'stan' for you, like, always do what you want.

'Don't make me seem like I'm forcing you to do s***.'

No force: The E! star insisted that she never forced Jordyn to do anything

But Jordyn was quick to try and sooth the tension.

'That's not what this conversation is about,' Jordyn shared.

'I don't want you to feel like I am saying you're dragging me to these places because it's all me.

Mutual blame: Jordyn admitted that it was her decision to follow Kylie around

'Even being around you I feel pressured. Not even from you.'

'We should all strive to be great,' Kylie encouraged her BFF.

'I need to be the best me I can be and you help me become the best me I can be,' agreed Jordyn.

Best version: Kylie said everyone should strive to be great

Kylie then told the cameras that she understood it was hard being the best friend of a celebrity.

'I do think it is hard, it is a lot of attention and dealing with me and my family becomes a lot of positive but also a lot of negative too.'

Kylie then told Jordyn that they should not put so much pressure on themselves and 'get lost.'

Under pressure: Jordyn admitted that she felt under pressure being around Kylie

'We can't not have fun,' she told her.

'I don't know without you where I would be mentally, we always will have something that no-one can take away from us,' said Jordyn.

'I will always support you, so it is whatever you want to do,' Kylie assured her.

Good talk: Kylie assured Jordyn that she would always support her

Snap happy: Kylie showcased her taut abs in her sports attire

Kylie then joked that they would probably just end up married to each other.

Out on bumpy roads in SUVs, Kris Jenner joked that she missed the comfort of her Maybach.

Kris grew aggravated as their drivers got them lost on the way to Inca ruins and demanded that they pull over the whole convoy.

Convoy chaos: Kris got upset when their drivers got them lost on the way to Inca ruins

She then gave the whole team an angry dressing down on the side of the road but Kylie eventually talked her down.

'I can really change a mood right?' laughed Kris after she got back into the SUV.

As the trip came to an end, the group flew back to the US on a private jet, and Kylie asked her mom if she could drop her off in Houston, so she could see boyfriend Travis Scott's show.

Pull over: The convoy pulled over as Kris grew increasingly frustrated

But Jordyn told her that she was not coming to Houston and would be heading home with Kris.

Kris joked that she would drop off Kylie because she was her last child.

'This one is going to kill me,' she told the cameras.

Kylie ended the series by telling the cameras she was 'really, genuinely happy.

'I can be more myself, I feel way more free, life is good,' she said.