Becca Kufrin vs. Lauren Burnham’s Arie Luyendyk Jr. Bachelor Rings In what truly proved to be the most dramatic finale of The Bachelor ever, Arie Luyendyk Jr. proposed to his runner-up, Lauren Burnham, on the show’s After The Final Rose special, after breaking off his engagement to 27-year-old publicist Becca Kufrin in the penultimate episode. The former race car driver proposed to the 26-year-old Virginia Beach native during the live finale on Tuesday, March 6, with yet another Neil Lane engagement ring, and we’ve got exclusive details on how Lauren B.’s sparkler compares to the one Luyendyk gave Becca K.

For his original proposal to Kufrin in Peru, Luyendyk met with celebrity jeweler Neil Lane to select a 4-carat ring. While we didn’t see the Bachelor star meet with Lane for his second go around, we know the ring he presented to Burnham weighed in slightly smaller at 3.65 carats.

Related: ‘Bachelor’ and ‘Bachelorette’ Engagement Rings Through the Years See all the engagement and promise rings ever given on the 'Bachelor' and 'Bachelorette' TV shows!

As Us Weekly previously reported, Kufrin’s sparkler — which she returned to Luyendyk when he blindsided her with a breakup in January — was a platinum set diamond halo ring that featured an additional set of smaller diamonds surrounding the center stone. The band was also completely covered in diamonds.

Related: ‘The Bachelor’: All the Details on the Engagement Ring From Season 22 Well, the season 22 of the Bachelor has been quite the journey for Arie Luyendyk Jr. who started out dating 29 women on national television. He whittled his choice down to two women (Becca Kufrin and Lauren Turnham) and proposed to one of the ladies — and as we reported, later broke it off with […]

Sources tell Us that Burnham’s rock, meanwhile, features a cushion cut diamond accented by two baguette stones with tiny gems surrounding it on all sides. There are also micro-pave stones akin to chips laid into the band — about 170 in total — but they don’t go all the way around.

While Burnham’s bling certainly looked blinding on TV, these subtle differences mean it is likely worth less than the $80,000 Kufrin’s was estimated to cost.

But that doesn’t mean it’s any less dazzling — designer Lane released a statement saying “this is one of the most intricate ring designs I have ever done for The Bachelor, which is appropriate as this is also the most intricate and intriguing finale I’ve ever been involved with. But I believe in doing whatever it takes to find love.”

Related: All the Details on Lauren Burnham’s Engagement Ring From Bachelor Arie Luyendyk Jr. Another angle of Lauren B.'s engagement ring from Arie #TheBachelor pic.twitter.com/DAYCXx3R0d — Us Weekly (@usweekly) March 7, 2018 Arie Luyendyk Jr. popped the question for the second time on the Tuesday, March 6, episode of The Bachelor: After the Final Rose and Us Weekly has the exclusive details on the ring. Lauren Burnham’s ring is […]

Both beautiful in their own right, here’s hoping Burnham’s ring gets a bit more use than Kufrin’s did!