Blac Chyna's Instagram hacked exposing messages about Tyga and Rob Kardashian Blac Chyna's Instagram account was hacked on Saturday - and the end result appears to be a world of hurt.

Chyna, 28, moved quickly to let her social media followers know that she had set up a new account.

'Just to let you all know that’s not me on my IG page,' she explained in a video she shared after a series of messages claiming she had been cheating on Rob were posted on her original account.

'That’s somebody that hacked me And somebody’s really, really, really, really, really mad,' she explained.

Scroll down for video

Hitting back: Chyna posted videos Saturday explaining 'that's not me' after a series of messages claiming she had been cheating on Rob were posted on her original Instagram account

She then goaded the hacker: 'LOL post it all!!! Do it now!!! Don't keep the people waiting :)'

Then followed a series of screen grabs allegedly showing text messages between Rob Kardashian's fiance and her BFF Treasure.

There are also what purportedly show texts exchanged with Will Smith's son Jaden Smith, 18, and rapper Young Thug.

Still on social media: Chyna, who gave birth to Rob's daughter Dream last month, quickly alerted fans she'd set up a new official Instagram account

'Post it all!" The former exotic dancer appeared to egg the person who on had taken over her Instagram

In one lengthy conversation, the authenticity of which cannot be verified, the former exotic dancer appears to tell Treasure that she plans to give Rob a year to shape up otherwise she's leaving him.

'He's lazy, fat, insecure,' writes the 28-year-old, who became engaged to Kris Jenner's only son in April.

'Imma give rob 1 year to get it together or I'm gone,' she adds.

Her pal advises her to 'just stack ur money' and that 'Kris will make sure y'all stable always.'

Were engaged: Just a couple of days ago, Rob shared some cute snaps of himself and Chyna looking happy together as they cuddled and kissed

The two then chat about what Chyna is going to do to get Rob 'in line.'

'I don't wanna treat him like Tyga but I will,' the former exotic dancer texts. 'Imma slap the s*** outta him.'

Chyna was previously engaged to the Rack City rapper with whom she shares son King Cairo, four.

Tyga is currently in a relationship with Rob's younger half-sister Kylie Jenner, 19.

Pamper session: As a hacker posted a series of text messages allegedly between her and several others including Jaden Smith, Young Thug and BFF Treasure, the former exotic dancer was busy having her wig trimmed, as she shared on Snapchat

The first of the messages posted by the hacker was written as if Chyna herself was posting.

It claimed she had 'left Rob' and 'taken the baby'.

After Chyna hit back with her new account, the tone of the messages changed, and they admitted to being a hacker - but said they would expose Chyna for cheating on her Kardashian fiance.

Hacked: A suspicious message was posted online by Chyna's account, claiming she had left Rob and 'taken the baby'

Whoever was posting then began posting a string of screen grabs alleged to be text messages exchanged between Rob's fiance and other guys including Will Smith's son Jaden Smith.

Jayden appeared keen to meet up with Chyna to talk about his friend Kylie Jenner's romance with the former exotic dancer's ex Tyga.

'This Kylie-Tyga s*** is sus,' the teen wrote, suggesting he was scandalized by Kylie's relationship with the much older recording artist.

'I think we need to sit down with a glass of wine and talk about our feelings,' he allegedly told Tyga's former fiancee and mother of his son.

This series of texts appeared to show Will Smith's son Jaden Smith, 18, suggesting her and Chyna meet to discuss the 'scandalous' relationship between her ex Tyga and Rob's younger half-sister Kylie Jenner, 18

Rapper Young Thug and Chyna exchanged messages, again that can't be authenticated, about meeting up and making money, probably by making sure they got photographed together by the paparazzi to create some drama for the Rob and Chyna storyline.

Rob's fiance tells Young Thug: 'Ok so uma pop up at your next show.... then we goin to get caught in the mall spending a lil check Udigg?' (sic).

The 'check' no doubt refers to the money the two of them would make by tipping off the paps and getting a share of the proceeds from the sale of the pictures.

Friends; Chyna allegedly reached out to rapper Young Thug with one word 'Need!' and plenty of kissing emojis

Money maker: However, the later posts suggested the two were exchanging messages about how to meet up and have paparazzi take photos of them together and then split the proceeds

Carefree: The mother of two said she didn't care what anyone else would think because she just wants to make money

Whoever was posting on Chyna's account also wrote: 'I have all the messages with Chyna and her lawyer on how her plan was to marry Rob and trademark the name Kardashian and texts saying that was the only way to do it and that she is then going to win.'

The message, which cannot be verified, refers to her attempts to trademark the name Angela Kardashian, ahead of her marriage to fiance Rob Kardashian.

Her attempt was blocked by lawyers for the Kardashian family - a move which was said to have caused some strife.

An exchange between Chyna and someone the hacker claimed was her attorney revealed the ex-stripper's determination to trademark the Kardashian name and make money off it once married to Rob

The 28-year-old, whose real name is Angela Renee White, says she's not going to tell Kris (Jenner) about her plan and that she doesn't want people to think she's 'shady' 'Until me win'.

After all the riveting messages were posted, Chyna managed to raise even more questions on Saturday night.

Apparently the mother of two was able to regain control of her original Instagram account @blacchyna, only to delete all of the explosive messages and instead post a reminder that Rob and Chyna's Baby Special is set to air on Sunday at 8pm on E!.