How Will & Grace Gave Rosario the Farewell She Deserved Will & Grace finally said its official goodbye to Shelley Morrison’s character Rosario on Thursday night. Though the actress is still alive and well, she has retired from the business—so creators Max Mutchnick and David Kohan were unable to include her in NBC’s revival series. But they still felt obligated to give the beloved character a goodbye befitting her stature within the show. As Karen said in her eulogy Thursday night, Rosario spent eight seasons being much more than a maid. She was Karen’s “sparring partner,” her “best friend,” her “everything.”

Until Thursday, the show had written around Rosario’s absence—but now, it’s permanent. Rosario collapses at Karen’s house and dies of complications during surgery. Karen decides to make Rosario’s funeral the quinceañera she never got to have as a teenager, but is too overcome by grief to show up at the event until the very end, when the room is empty. The episode welcomed back Karen’s frequent bartender, Smitty (played by multiple actors during the original series), and Minnie Driver’s Lorraine Finster, a.k.a. onetime mistress to Karen’s husband. And there was one final revelation, which the show’s creators and show-runners say will be addressed this year in further detail: Grace’s mother, Bobbi, played in the show’s original run by Debbie Reynolds, also passed away sometime between the original series and the revival. (Reynolds herself died in December 2016.)

“The character felt too much a part of the fabric of the show to just dismiss it with a line or two or an explanation,” Kohan told Variety, speaking about Rosario. “It felt like it merited more of a loving farewell.”

So Will & Grace scripted Rosario a fitting send-off, with Kohan and Mutchnick only making one edit to the writers’ original funeral monologue for Megan Mullally: they removed all of the jokes.

“You can’t be as funny as Megan Mullally without having the inverse ability, and that’s just something you know if you work with actors that are very good: the best ones can easily do both very well,” Mutchnick said. “And Megan is just someone who’s displayed this one side. But as soon as we knew we had a chance to do something heavy, we knew we had the actress that could deliver the most dramatic episode we’ve ever done.”

The show-runners told Variety that even during her first cold read, Mullally drove them to tears. The same thing happened during rehearsal—and during shooting.

Seeing Karen get serious gave extra shades to the character, a woman whose bravado usually masks her vulnerability. On Thursday night, her emotions were on full display—even as she used a cleaning spray from inside Rosario’s coffin to buff out a spot on the casket, and Rosario’s dress to do the wiping.

“We want people to know how much Karen loved this character, that all of the fighting and all of the bluster and all the attitude was really just her showing her affection—or masking her affection,” Kohan told The Wrap. That’s probably why, before the cleaning thing, Karen gave Rosario an heirloom ring that belonged to her mother.