Ray J and Princess Love Are Expecting Their First Child A dream come true! Ray J and Princess Love are expecting their first child together.

The “Sexy Can I” singer, 36, announced the news while appearing as a guest cohost on The Real on Monday, November 27. “Love is on my mind. Love is on my heart. Princess and I are expecting,” he gushed before standing up and clapping for himself.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2017 Babies on board! Click through to see all the adorable bundle of joys who were born in 2017

“I’mma be a dad,” Ray J (real name William Norwood Jr.) continued. “I’m nervous, excited. It finally happened. My first one.”

The on-off couple tied the knot in Los Angeles in August 2016. Their fertility struggles were chronicled throughout season 4 of Love & Hip Hop: Hollywood, and they further expressed their frustrations during the VH1 reality series’ reunion special in October.

Related: Cutest Celebrity Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

“I don’t know the process of it — when it actually happened, what night — but it was special because we was trying for a while,” Ray J, who starred in a sex tape with ex Kim Kardashian in 2003, said on The Real. “It’s not as easy as people think. For some people, they just go on tour and get everybody pregnant. But for me, it was love. We took our time, and as we were taking our time, it just took a little while.”

The “I Hit It First” crooner, who is the brother of singer Brandy and first cousin of rapper Snoop Dogg, went on to explain that he and his model wife, 33, do not know the sex of their child just yet. “I want to have a little girl first because it’s like daddy’s little girl,” he explained. “A little boy is probably going to be a little aggressive, so I just want to be able to have some peace first. But whatever God blesses us with, I’m happy.”

Related: Celebrity Moms Who Ate Their Own Placentas More and more celeb moms are eating their placentas after their pregnancies — click through the gallery to see how they consumed them!

After Ray J announced the news, Princess Love shared a photo of her growing baby bump on Instagram. “It’s such a blessing from God to be able to carry our child,” she captioned the post. “We kept this to ourselves until after the first trimester because it’s bad luck to announce too early. But we’re so proud to share this journey with you guys. Thank you for all of the love and prayers.”

It’s such a blessing from God to be able to carry our child. We kept this to ourselves until after the first trimester because it’s bad luck to announce too early. But we’re so proud to share this journey with you guys. Thank you for all of the love and prayers ❤️ A post shared by Princess Love Norwood 🇵🇭 (@princesslove) on Nov 27, 2017 at 9:47am PST