Chrissy Teigen finally lands in Tokyo, surviving an epic 8-hour flight to nowhere Dec. 26, 2017 Updated Dec. 28, 2017, 8:48 a.m. ET

All Nippon Airways (ANA) has apologized to the passengers, which included Chrissy Teigen and husband John Legend, who took an eight-hour flight to nowhere Tuesday.

Teigen live-tweeted her experience of taking off from LAX bound for Tokyo with Legend, only to have the plane make an abrupt U-turn after four hours. Flight 175 then returned to LAX after eight hours and 20 minutes of flight.

The ANA statement Wednesday morning offered "sincere apologies to the passengers on NH 175 that were impacted by the delayed flight... We failed to deliver the customer service we strive for and passengers expect from us."

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

The statement made clear that the decision to return was correct for safety reasons when it was discovered a passenger had incorrectly boarded the flight at LAX.

"During the flight, the pilot in command was presented with information about the discrepancy in the passenger manifest," the statement said. "Based on the available information in flight, he made the correct decision to return to LAX. ANA supports the decision of the pilot, out of the abundance of caution and safety for the passengers and crew onboard.”

Teigen, 32, made the most of onboard Wi-fi to tweet about the flight to nowhere in progress Tuesday.

"A flying first for me: 4 hours into an 11 hour flight and we are turning around because we have a passenger who isn’t supposed to be on this plane," Teigen wrote. "Why...why do we all gotta go back, I do not know."

The seat map clearly showed it was an unusual flight.

Teigen was not satisfied with this return flight to nowhere, even with a stellar movie selection that included Clint Eastwood's 2008 drama Gran Torino.

"Laughing," but frustrated over the cause — a person apparently had boarded the wrong flight with a United ticket — Teigen went after the airport boarding machines.

The flight landed back at LAX after 8 hours and 20 minutes in the air (just imagine how the people in the cheap seats felt).

But Teigen tried to keep it all in stride. "The pleasure I get out of the story is worth more to me than a direct flight to Tokyo," she said.

Though she made a swipe at the boarding pass machine.

After more hours waiting at LAX, Teigen and Legend boarded a new flight for Tokyo early Wednesday morning.

Unfortunately, Teigen and Legend celebrated Legend's birthday in the air.

Teigen, who is expecting baby number two with Legend, also experienced some in-flight pregnancy aches and pains.

Thankfully, the two made it to Tokyo safely.

Here's ANA's entire statement: