Ashley Iaconetti and Jared Haibon Want a TV Wedding Let the cameras roll! Ashley Iaconetti and Jared Haibon are considering exchanging vows in a televised ceremony, but they have one condition.

“I think we’re both down for it, but our caveat is that we want as many guests as we want and we don’t want to have to be limited to that,” Iaconetti, 30, explained on the Monday, June 25, episode of her and Ben Higgins’ Almost Famous podcast. “So if we couldn’t have it the way we imagined, that’s the only reason we wouldn’t do it … We want it, we want it.”

Related: ‘Bachelor in Paradise’ Couples That Are Still Together: Pics There’s something about Paradise that makes someone fall in love. Over 10 seasons of Bachelor in Paradise, the spinoff has become the show with the most success in the franchise. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the […]

Iaconetti also revealed details about the day Haibon, 29, proposed to her, and admitted that her fiancé “didn’t seem nervous at all” when getting down on one knee.

“I had an inkling, I was, like, 50-50. I thought it was going to happen for a couple weeks leading up to it, and then the week of, everyone was throwing me off,” the Bachelor Winter Games alum recalled. “So I knew that Jared would ask my dad, he always said he would ask my dad. But I talked to my parents and they’re like, ‘Ashley, he did not call.’ Total straight faces. [But] he did call. My parents are apparently really good actors, so is my sister, so are Jade [Roper] and Tanner [Tolbert], it’s like all very crazy. It was off and on. I was like, ‘It’s gonna happen; no it’s not gonna happen.’”

Related: 10 Quotes Ashley Iaconetti and Jared Haibon Have Said About Their Televised Love Story There are only happy tears here! After a roller coaster relationship captured on reality TV, Bachelor in Paradise stars Ashley Iaconetti and Jared Haibon are engaged … and fans will get to see the proposal play out in season 5 of the hit ABC show. In the meantime, however, check Iaconetti and Haibon’s trajectory in […]

Adding to the confusion was Haibon’s calm state of mind in Mexico during the days leading up to the proposal. “That’s the other crazy part is that he didn’t seem nervous at all,” Iaconetti noted. “I know he’s a good actor, though. I know Jared, I always knew he was a good actor, not the rest of my family and friends.”

In the meantime, the reality star couple, who met on Bachelor in Paradise season 2 and dated on and off before getting engaged, are soaking up the honeymoon phase of their relationship. “I’m, like, the happiest ever. I’m just so concerned, like, when is life gonna turn around?” she joked. “Like, it’s been so good … Jared’s always like, ‘You know, it’s not ever this good.’ Like, this is crazy good. Since we’ve been dating in March, we haven’t had any sort of fight yet.”

Related: Couples Who Survived the Reality TV Curse (So Far) Who says true love doesn’t exist on reality TV? While it seems to be a trend that many marriages on reality TV end in divorce, there are still some reality TV couples out there beating the odds. Big Brother‘s Nicole Franzel and Victor Arroyo met while filming season 18 of Big Brother in 2016. The timing […]

Iaconetti, who plans on moving in soon with The Bachelorette alum, also raved about her Neil Lane sparkler. “It’s perfect! It’s exactly what I always imagined on my finger,” she gushed. “Jared and my sister [Lauren Iaconetti] kind of worked together on putting it together.”