Justin Bieber's rumoured ex Baskin Champion wows in a bikini.. amid his engagement to Hailey Baldwin Her rumoured ex Justin Bieber recently announced his engagement to Hialey Baldwin following a whirlwind romance.

Yet Baskin Champion didn't seem too bothered as she showed off her sensational figure during a Miami Beach photoshoot on Friday.

The American model, 22, flaunted her envy-inducing abs and toned legs in a skimpy bikini as she worked her best angles on the sand.

Wow: Baskin Champion, 22, didn't seem too bothered with her rumoured ex Justin Bieber's engagement to Hailey Baldwin as she sizzled during a Miami Beach photoshoot on Friday

Baskin, who was said to be dating Justin shortly after the demise of his relationship with Selena Gomez earlier this year, was in her element during the saucy display.

The skimpy two-piece put focus on her cleavage as well as her peachy posterior.

The Instagram sensation, who boasts 300,000 followers, looked every inch the blonde bombshell as her locks billowed in the wind.

Her sexy beach display comes in light of her rumoured ex Justin proposing to model Hailey after only one month of dating.

Bottoms up! The American model flaunted her envy-inducing abs and peachy posterior in a skimpy bikini as she worked her best angles on the sand

Babe: The Instagram sensation, who boasts 300,000 followers, looked every inch the blonde bombshell as her locks billowed in the wind

Justin had confirmed his engagement on Instagram on Monday after days of speculation.

He shared two loved up pictures with a gushing caption: 'Was gonna wait a while to say anything but word travels fast, listen plain and simple Hailey I am soooo in love with everything about you!

Adding: 'So committed to spending my life getting to know every single part of you loving you patiently and kindly.

'I promise to lead our family with honor and integrity letting Jesus through his Holy Spirit guide us in everything we do and every decision we make. My heart is COMPLETELY and FULLY YOURS and I will ALWAYS put you first!

Like a pro! Baskin, who was said to be dating Justin shortly after the demise of his relationship with Selena Gomez earlier this year, was in her element during the saucy display

Beauty: Baskin started modelling in 2012, according to W, and was crowned Miss Alabama Teen USA in 2014

'You are the love of my life Hailey Baldwin and I wouldn't want to spend it with anybody else. You make me so much better and we compliment each other so well!! Can't wait for the best season of life yet!'

Meanwhile Baskin started modelling in 2012, according to W, and was crowned Miss Alabama Teen USA in 2014.

Her lookalike sister is Abby, 21, is dating actress Patrick Schwarzenegger.

Love: Her sexy beach display comes in light of her rumoured ex Justin proposing to model Hailey after only one month of dating