Georgina Chapman Could Reportedly Receive $12 Million in Harvey Weinstein Divorce Days after the hammer came down on Harvey Weinstein and the first accusations of sexual assault were published in early October, his wife, Georgina Chapman, announced she was separating from him. She said in a statement, “I have chosen to leave my husband. Caring for my young children is my first priority and I ask the media for privacy at this time.”

Speculation about a prenuptial agreement—whether it exists, what it could contain, the various laws and clauses that govern it—swiftly followed. A Chapman-Weinstein divorce demanded attention not only because of the scandal associated with it, but also because of the dwindling fortunes of one and the sturdy fortune of the other. Prior to Weinstein’s downfall, he was estimated to be worth between $240 and $300 million; Chapman at about $20 million thanks to Marchesa, her popular fashion label.

Now, TMZ has published details from the prenup, as is its wont in this world. Chapman stands to receive $400,000 annually for every year of marriage to Weinstein, the publication says. (Vanity Fair has reached out to Chapman’s divorce lawyer for comment). In addition to that annual sum, she would reportedly receive a $250,000 bonus per year of marriage up until her sixth year, when that figure was reportedly bumped to $700,000 (for all those counting, that adds up to a total of $4,750,000 million as of December of this year). Then there is the “housing allowance” wherein she reportedly receives $25,000 per month of marriage up to $3 million. A final figure is $4 million for spousal support, bringing the total to $11.75 million, according to TMZ.

The publication also points out that their marriage hit the 10-year mark on December 15, their wedding anniversary; neither have officially filed for divorce yet. That’s significant because a decade of marriage unlocks, so to speak, a level in many prenups, including this one apparently. Prior to their anniversary, she reportedly would have “only” received $300,000 per year.

There could be several reasons the couple have decided not to file yet, going on three months after Chapman announced she would. Laura Wasser, a go-to divorce lawyer in Hollywood who’s represented the likes of Johnny Depp and Angelina Jolie, explained to Vanity Fair’s Julie Miller in 2016 that high-profile clients will work out all the niceties prior to filing, so as to avoid scrutiny. “People may not even realize that this couple is getting divorced, but we’re actually all the way through the entire settlement before they even file anything with the court and announce to the world that they’re splitting up,” she said. “Then they don’t have to go through their entire divorce-settlement negotiation under a microscope.”