Meghan Markle STUMBLES in sky-high heels at Prince Harry’s cousin’s wedding Meghan Markle and Prince Harry attend Diana's niece's wedding 17694520192mnH8d8R

The new Duchess of Sussex had to be steadied by her doting husband Prince Harry as she appeared to slip on the uneven grass pathway grass in her towering four-inch Aquazzura stilettos .

Meghan appeared to lose her footing as she held on to her floaty £3,922 long-sleeved blue-and-white floral Oscar de la Renta wrap dress. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

But Prince Harry, 33, saved the day when he sprang into action and helped his new bride as they walked hand-in-hand towards the church in the village of Rochford, Lincolnshire.

The newlyweds’s appearance came just one month after the pair tied the knot for the Royal Wedding in Windsor.

And all eyes were on the royal couple when they arrived for Princess Diana’s niece Celia McCorquodale’s wedding to George Woodhouse alongside Prince Harry’s cousin and the bride’s brother George McCorquodale. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Sporting minimal make up and her signature messy bun, Meghan looked set for summer in a pretty floral frock teamed with a white fascinator, thought to be just £29.50 from Marks and Spencer, and a small mirrored clutch bag. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

However, the floaty maxi dress has received mixed reviews from online royal watchers, with some even likening the frock to a baggy pair of curtains and a table cloth.

While many thought the floral frock “swamped” the 36-year-old duchess.

Meghan Markle narrowly avoided taking a tumble

Meghan Markle was steadied by her husband Prince Harry

Meghan Markle appeared to slip on the unsteady pathway

The new Duchess of Sussex had to be steadied by her doting husband Prince Harry

But Meghan Markle, 36, appeared relaxed and at ease as she mingled and greeted guests of the congregation including members of the Spencer family, Lady Kitty Spencer and Princess Diana’s siblings Earl Spencer and Lady Jane Fellowes.

However there was no sign of Kate and Prince William at the country wedding.

Royal expert, Richard Fitzwilliams, told Express.co.uk it is due to the fact Kate is on maternity leave and spending quality time with her third child, Prince Louis.

Princess Diana’s niece Celia got married in a lavish country wedding this weekend and the beautiful bride stunned in the same dazzling tiara worn by her auntie at her Royal Wedding to Prince Charles.

Celia McCorquodale, the daughter of Diana’s oldest sister, Lady Sarah McCorquodale, paid a touching tribute to her late auntie by wearing the stunning Spencer tiara during her nuptials on Saturday.

Princess Diana, formerly Lady Diana Spencer, broke tradition when she wore the non-royal family heirloom at her wedding to Prince Charles in 1981.

Celia wore the sparkling tiara with a full veil and a beautiful lace dress, with three-quarter-length sleeves.

The latest news and gossip from the Royal Family plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

Her father, Neil McCorquodale, walked her into the church after they arrived in a vintage 1910 Rolls Royce Silver Ghost.