SEE IT: Reese Witherspoon and Oprah appear to have extra limbs thanks to Vanity Fair Photoshop fail Give a hand — or three — for Vanity Fair’s February cover stars.

On the upcoming cover of Vanity Fair, both Oprah and Reese Witherspoon appear to have extra body parts.

Twitter blew up on Thursday night after the cover went public, showing Witherspoon, 41, with her legs crossed and what appeared to be a third leg behind the pair.

However, Vanity Fair noted that the “third leg” wasn’t a Photoshop fail, but rather the lining of her dress giving off the illusion of a third limb.

Vanity Fair’s 2018 Hollywood issue cover. Annie Leibovitz exclusively for Vanity Fair.

Oprah did appear to have three hands in the cover shoot — an error Vanity Fair didn’t provide as good of an excuse.

“As for @Oprah, how can we expect her to juggle it all with just two hands?

\\_(?)_/ _/ (We are correcting this error? online?.)” a tweet from the magazine’s main account read.

Both of the actresses poked fun at the reactions to the image.

Witherspoon wrote “Well…I guess everybody knows now…I have 3 legs.”

“I hope you can still accept me for who I am. (and I will never apologize for snuggling @Oprah .. if you get the opportunity, I highly recommend it;),” she continued.

Oprah responded to the “Big Little Lies” star, writing “I accept your 3d leg. As I know you accept my 3d hand.”

Social media users were quick to react to the “fails.” Some believing that Witherspoon was actually Photoshopped to have a third leg.

“Really bizarre that somebody had the guts to make Reese Witherspoon appear to have a third leg and Oprah have a third hand… Whoever did this deserves to be in a lot of trouble!” one user said seeming to be serious.

Another jokingly shared the image, writing “Retweet this picture of Oprah with 3 hands or you’ll have a decade of bad luck.”

A third social media user posed the question: “Would you rather: be Oprah and have three hands or Reese Witherspoon and have three legs lmk”

Not everyone first noticed Oprah’s third hand, but Witherspoon’s third leg was quick to catch.

“Im tryna figure out how many legs reese witherspoon’s got in here, it’s been bothering me for the last five minutes,” a Twitter user wrote, to which another user replied: “What really gets me is the fact that @Oprah has three hands.”

In addition to the small errors on the cover shoot, Vanity Fair also chose to digitally remove James Franco from the cover after he was accused of sexually inappropriate behavior.