Brandi Glanville Is Convinced Omarosa Slept With Donald Trump Brandi Glanville does not believe Omarosa Manigault never slept with her former boss, President Donald Trump. As previously reported, during Celebrity Big Brother, The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills alum asked Omarosa straight out — completely shocking the former political aide — if she had ever slept with Trump.

Related: ‘Big Brother’ Alum Share Predictions For ‘Celebrity Big Brother’ The first-ever season of U.S. Celebrity Big Brother is finally here! Ahead of the Wednesday, February 7, premiere, Us Weekly spoke exclusively to 14 of your favorite (or maybe least favorite) players from the game, who shared who they think will win, who will be sent home first and who is most likely to stir the […]

“Hell no,” the former Apprentice star replied during the February 16 episode. “Oh, my God. Brandi, that’s horrible!”

However, Glanville, 45, didn’t buy it! During an appearance on E!’s Daily Pop on Thursday, March 8, she was asked if she thought Omarosa was being honest.

Related: Everything Omarosa Has Said About the White House While on ‘Celebrity Big Brother’ Omarosa Manigault has nothing to hide! From the moment she stepped into the Celebrity Big Brother house, her castmates began asking about President Donald Trump, working with him over the years and her time in the White House. Us Weekly has compiled all of her comments and will continue to update throughout the season! Thank […]

“Nope, I don’t think so. Like how would they have that relationship for so long and he just keeps bringing her back,” she explained, adding that Omarosa also took a “moment” to pause before answering. “I don’t know … I’ve heard a lot of rumors, but listen, you never know what’s true. But I needed to know.”

Omarosa appeared on Trump’s first season of The Apprentice in 2004 and again on the show in 2008. She went on to join Trump’s administration in January 2017, working in the White House for just under a year before resigning in December. She joined Celebrity Big Brother to “adjust her image,” Glanville recently told Us Weekly.

Related: Get to Know the Cast of ‘Celebrity Big Brother’ CBS just announced the 11 celebrity houseguests set to move into the Big Brother house, and while you may recognize a few, others may not be so familiar. Luckily, Us Weekly is breaking down where you’ve seen each of the stars. Get to know them all below before watching the houseguests compete for $250,000! The […]

“I didn’t mind her. In the end, I liked her, but it was very clear to me, and I think to most people, that she was there to do a PR campaign, to change a conversation and adjust her image,” the reality star told Us after she was eliminated from the show. “That said, she has the temper of most, like myself!”

Glanville also told Us that her Real Housewives costars “couldn’t handle” Omarosa. “They get in a fight over diamond earrings that might not be three carats … no,” she said.

To hear more from Brandi Glanville subscribe to our new podcast ‘In Case You Missed Us’ below!

