Kylie Jenner Baby Name Theories: Butterfly, Posie, Monarch Kylie Jenner’s fans are going crazy trying to figure out the name of the reality star’s newborn daughter. The unique monikers that have been making the rounds include Butterfly, Posie and Monarch.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2018 A new bundle of joy! Scroll through to see all the cute babies who were born to famous parents in 2018, so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive […]

Fans first speculated that Jenner named her first child Butterfly after the 20-year-old wore a butterfly necklace and showed off the baby’s butterfly-themed nursery in a video that Jenner shared on YouTube on Sunday, February 4, to announce that she quietly gave birth three days earlier.

But then, Kylie’s mother, Kris Jenner, shared a promotional photo on Instagram of her daughter’s latest beauty product, causing fans to wonder if it was yet another clue. The new Lip Kit shade is called Posie K. and it comes packaged in a pink box. Some Instagram users speculated that Posie can be used as a nickname for Mariposa, a Spanish word that translates to “butterfly.” In addition, the K in the product’s name could either be a middle initial or even an homage to Kylie’s sisters, all whose names begin with the letter.

Over on Twitter, fans continued the butterfly-themed name speculation, with many placing their bets on Monarch. “I’m calling it right now, Kylie is going to call the baby Monarch. It’s butterfly related AND bougie af, the perfect mix,” one user tweeted. Another wrote, “With all the emphasis on butterflies, I’m guess[ing] Kylie is naming the baby ‘Monarch’ … ‘Queen.’”

Related: Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott: A Timeline of Their Relationship See a timeline of Kylie Jenner's relationship with boyfriend Travis Scott, with whom she’s expecting her first child — see the pics

Multiple sources confirmed to Us Weekly in September 2017 that the Keeping Up With the Kardashians star was expecting her first child with boyfriend Travis Scott, whom she began dating that April. She chose to keep her pregnancy private, explaining in an Instagram post on Sunday, “I’m sorry for keeping you in the dark through all the assumptions. I understand you’re used to me bringing you along on all my journeys. my pregnancy was one I chose not to do in front of the world … for my little life and our happiness.”