How to wear a hoodie like Beyoncé and Hailey Baldwin When you think of warm-weather style, itty-bitty bikinis, denim cut-offs and mini skirts are what come to mind, right?

This summer, stars are reaching for hoodies as their go-to garments. Applying simple styling hacks, Beyoncé, 35, Hailey Baldwin, 20, and Nina Agdal, 25, are making the cozy basic feel completely fresh and season appropriate.

Here are the newest and coolest ways celebs are wearing their hoodies right now.

GO GLAM

Style Queen: Leave it to Beyoncé to elevate the humble hoodie into a fashion statement

Leave it to Beyoncé to elevate the humble hoodie into a fashion statement. The mother-of-three looked glam as she stopped by the FYF Festival this weekend in Los Angeles to watch her sister Solange perform.

Bey rocked a tan Joanna Ortiz hooded sweatshirt that featured dramatic ruffled sleeves. By pairing the basic with a matching fluted skirt, the 20-time Grammy winner pulled off a coordinated streamlined look.

Stella McCartney platforms and a Gucci backpack completed the sleek and modern ensemble.

MAKE IT A DRESS

Off-duty style: Never afraid to take fashion risks, Hailey Baldwin hit the streets of New York City last week with her toned pins on full display

Never afraid to take fashion risks, Hailey Baldwin hit the streets of New York City last week with her toned pins on full display.

Putting a cool spin on the comfy topper, the model ditched bottoms all together, and decided to rock an oversized Vetements hoodie as a dress.

To pull this look off, be sure to find a sweatshirt that is long enough to cover everything and perhaps wear a pair of tiny shorts underneath to avoid any wardrobe malfunctions.

CROP IT

Flaunt it: Hoodies may not normally come to mind when you want to show a bit of skin, but Victoria's Secret model Nina Agdal proves you can indeed make the basic sexy

Hoodies may not normally be your typical go-to when you want to show a bit of skin, but Victoria's Secret model Nina Agdal proves you can indeed make the basic sexy.

While performing on Lip Sync Battle, the former flame of Leonardo DiCaprio, showed off her trim model figure in a white hoodie that had been cut into a crop top.

Re-create her sultry look and wear the cropped hoodie with a leather mini skirt and lace-up heels.

Now that you know the hottest ways to style the cozy basic, shop our edit of the most stylish options on the market now.