Amber Heard packs on the PDA with Vito Schnabel at Wimbledon She began dating art dealer Vito Schnabel, 31, last month.

And after multiple sightings of the pair, Amber Heard confirmed her relationship on Tuesday at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, when she shared her first public kiss with her beau in quite the PDA show.

While the 32-year-old and the ex-boyfriend of Heidi Klum appeared to be enjoying the sporting match, they spent much of their time preoccupied with each other's presence.

Scroll down for video

It's official! Amber Heard confirmed her relationship with Vito Schnabel on Tuesday, when she put on quite the PDA show at Wimbledon

Amber stunned in a green jumpsuit with a modest v-neck cut for the tennis game.

She had her blonde locks pinned back with a few front tresses left out to frame her face.

The actress sported a radiant complexion complete with well-defined and bronzed cheekbones.

Sports fan: Amber stunned in a green jumpsuit with a modest v-neck cut for the tennis match

Loved up: According to onlookers, the pair were extremely comfortable with each other and between their kisses, were seen taking selfies and had their arms around each other

According to onlookers, the pair were extremely comfortable with each other and between their kisses, were seen taking selfies and had their arms around each other.

Vito too dressed up for the match in a blue button-up shirt and navy trousers.

With the help of some product, his brunette locks were slicked back.

Stylish: Vito too dressed up for the match in a blue button-up shirt and navy trousers

Blossoming relationship: The pair were also spotted walking into the stands holding hands earlier in the day

The pair were also spotted walking into the stands holding hands earlier in the day.

Amber most recently dated American businessman Elon Musk, but they parted ways after a year, and he has since moved on with musician Grimes.

The actress was previously married to Johnny Depp from 2015 until 2016, with their high-profile divorce finalized in 2017.

Meanwhile, Vito previously dated supermodel Heidi Klum, 45, on and off from 2014 until 2017 with the two even attending Wimbledon 2016.