Hailee Steinfeld celebrates birthday in West Hollywood She has launched a successful singing and acting career in Hollywood, so of course her 21st birthday was going to be a big affair on Monday.

And Hailee Steinfeld continued the celebrations when she partied up a storm at the Nice Guy Club in West Hollywood on Saturday as her pals gifted the star a life size portrait of herself.

The Pitch Perfect 3 actress shunned the cardinal fashion rule of legs or cleavage when she sizzled in a skimpy scarlet PVC minidress.

Scroll down for video

Picture Perfect! Hailee Steinfeld celebrated 21st birthday in style as she sizzled in a skimpy scarlet PVC minidress in West Hollywood on Saturday

American rose Hailee flaunted her petite figure in the skintight garment which clung to every inch of her physique and consequently left little to the imagination.

The singer also put her slender legs on parade in the thigh-skimming dress, adding to the look as she stepped out in sky-scraper high heels to match.

Letting her hair down for her night on the tiles, Hailee's long locks cascaded down her shoulders in loose curls drawing attention to her incredibly tiny waist.

Leggy lady: The Pitch Perfect 3 actress shunned the cardinal fashion rule of legs or cleavage when she sizzled in a skimpy scarlet PVC minidress

Racy ensemble: American rose Hailee flaunted her petite figure in the skintight garment which clung to every inch of her physique and consequently left little to the imagination

Letting her hair down! Hailee's long locks cascaded down her shoulders in loose curls drawing attention to her incredibly tiny waist

She's a work of art! Hailee's friends gifted her a huge life size picture of herself as she continued the celebrations for her 21st birthday

The 3 Days to Kill actress kept her appearance at the club dramatic as ever when she wore a shade of vibrant scarlet lipstick.

Three weeks ahead of the big day, Hailee had discussed her birthday plans with E! news on the 2017 American Music Awards red carpet.

She told the reporters: 'The big 2-1. What do I do? Do I do something? I'm kinda torn. I probably will do something small with my friends.'

'We love you': The superstar's pals signed the picture and gushed about their love as well as their bond with the beauty

Burst of colour: The 3 Days to Kill actress kept her appearance at the club dramatic as ever when she wore a shade of vibrant scarlet lipstick

The songstress also revealed she was back to working on her music following her acting stint in the third Pitch Perfect movie.

'I'm now back in my music headspace, so I'm all music 'til the end of the year and, come the new year, will be more, so we'll see what that brings,' she added.

Hailee has made an impression in the limelight as a woman of many talents in both the acting and musical circles.

Pin-credible: The singer also put her slender legs on parade in the thigh-skimming dress, adding to the look as she stepped out in sky-scraper high heels to match

She was propelled into fame in 2010 when she starred in True Grit which she received critical acclaim for including an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress.

Reflecting on the nomination seven years later earlier in December, she admitted to Metro Online: 'It's never really been about that for me.

'I guess having been nominated so young, I knew it was an incredible honour and I felt lucky to be recognised for my work but I didn't really know at 13 what it meant, or what I did to get that, to deserve that.'

The actress went onto star in Ender's Game, Romeo & Juliet, 3 Days to Kill before combining her singing and acting talents in the Pitch Perfect trilogy.

Youthful: The songstress was in high spirits as she partied up a storm with her pals at the West Hollywood celebrity hot spot for the 'small' gathering

Home time: The American rose made a dramatic exit in scarlet as she headed home from her night out with her friends

Cat out the bag: Three weeks ahead of the big day, Hailee had discussed her birthday plans with E! news on the 2017 American Music Awards red carpet

The star was also gifted her own custom icon by Lyft, which picked her up and dropped her off to her party

Now Pitch Perfect 3 gives the Bellas a chance to reunite for a USO Tour where they are able to make more music and memories.

Hailee reprises her role alongside the star-studded line-up including the likes of Anna Kendrick, Anna Camp, Elizabeth Banks and Brittany Snow.

Following her performance of Flashlight in Pitch Perfect 2, she was inspired to release her debut single Love Myself.

She has followed up her singing success with tracks including Starving and her collaboration with Alesso, Florida Georgia Line and Watt for Let Me Go.

Priorities: The songstress also revealed she was back to working on her music following her acting stint in the third Pitch Perfect movie

Top woman: Hailee has made an impression in the limelight as a woman of many talents in both the acting and musical circles

Sensational: She was propelled into fame in 2010 when she starred in True Grit which she received critical acclaim for including an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress

Starring roles: The actress went onto star in Ender's Game, Romeo & Juliet, 3 Days to Kill before combining her singing and acting talents in the Pitch Perfect trilogy