5 of the funniest, most awkward and most touching moments in People's Choice Awards history Nov. 6, 2018 Updated Nov. 11, 2018, 8:27 p.m. ET

Since 1975, the People's Choice Awards have given the general public the opportunity to weigh in on the best pop culture works of the year. And through the years the award show has given us a whole bunch of iconic moments: some funny, some awkward and others heartwarming.

This year's awards air live November 11 (E!, 9 p.m. EST/PST). To get in the spirit, we compiled five of the award show's most memorable moments through the years.

1. Hugh Laurie hilariously dedicated a trophy to himself

While accepting the award for Favorite TV Drama in 2010 on behalf of the cast and crew of "House," Laurie channeled his character, the arrogant Dr. Gregory House.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

"I would like, on their behalf, to dedicate (this award) to me," Laurie joked. "Without me they are nothing. I am truly fantastic and an honor to work with."

2. Vin Diesel gave a touching tribute to his late costar, Paul Walker

While accepting the award for Favorite Movie in 2016 on behalf of "Furious 7," Vin Diesel got emotional mentioning his co-star Paul Walker, who died in a car accident on Nov. 30, 2013.

"My only message to you is: You would be amazed what you can do with love," Diesel said. "You'd be amazed how powerful a force that is. We didn't want to come back to filming when the tragedy was too heavy -- it was the love of everyone combined that saw us through to the end."

The actor finished his speech singing a portion of Wiz Khalifa's "See You Again": "It's been a long day without you my friend / And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again."

3. Ellen DeGeneres breaks a PCA record

Who else would hold the record for most People's Choice Awards wins?

In 2017, Ellen DeGeneres became first person in the award show's history to be awarded 20 trophies, with wins in three separate categories that year: Favorite Daytime TV Host, Favorite Comedic Collaboration and Favorite Animated Movie Voice.

"She's the most decorated winner in People's Choice history," singer Justin Timberlake said while introducing her. "She is one of my very good friends. I love her so much. She is one of the best people on this planet and no one else is more deserving."

DeGeneres gave her acceptance speech in the most extravagant way possible: surrounded by men in white gloves carrying all of her past trophies.

"This is amazing: 20," she marveled. "I mean, 17, I get it. 18, sure. 19, I can see that. But 20 is outrageous. This is really something that means more to me... because it comes from the people."

4. Nick Cannon helped Maria Carey waddle her way to the stage

When Maria Carey's name was called as the 2010 winner of Favorite R&B Artist, she was slow to get up – not because she was shocked, because her dress was a bit too tight.

It was Nick Cannon to the rescue – Carey's then-husband escorted her to the stage as she struggled up the steps in her floor length mermaid-style gown.

"I especially want to thank my husband Nick," she said toward the end of her acceptance speech. "Thank you Nick, especially for helping me with this dress, because it's a drama. I didn't mean to do this."

5. Olivia Munn jokingly pulled a Kanye

Most of the fans in the crowd of the 2013 PCAs were pretty excited when Taylor Swift was awarded Favorite Country Singer (remember when Taylor Swift was a country singer?).

But one person onstage seemed decidedly not thrilled: award presenter Olivia Munn.

"If you want to thank me first, it would make sense," Munn deadpanned to Swift, before reluctantly handing over the trophy... and then taking it back.

"This always happens," Swift said, referring to four years prior, when Kanye West infamously jumped onstage at the VMAs to interrupt Swift's acceptance speech and proclaim "Beyonce had one of the best videos of all time."

"And it will always happen, Taylor," Munn responded. "This is your lot in life... OK, no, I'm not going to be this person. I'm going to be over here."