Gal Gadot's Pink Suit, Margot Robbie's Floral Dress & More Celebrity-Inspired Valentine Day's Outfits Valentine's Day is right around the corner and it's time to start brainstorming the perfect date outfit.

Whether it's a romantic dinner for two, brunch with the gal-pals, family outing or a "treat yourself" spa day, ET is gathering up the celebrities who have rocked perfect red, white and pink V-Day-inspired ensembles to give you some inspiration for the holiday.

No matter what your plans are on Feb. 14, step out looking like a sweet delight with these fashionable ideas.

Have you been dating someone for a couple of weeks? Check out Gal Gadot's two-toned selection. The Wonder Woman star perfectly paired a bright pink suit with a red sweetheart top for a fun and flirty look, proving that the two shades belong together when done in a tasteful way. Take note of her nude heels and minimal jewelry to tone the outfit down.

Rich Fury/Getty Images for Palm Springs International Film Festival

Chrissy Teigen knows how to go all out for a date night with the hubby! Dare to be sexy in a red satin slip with a lace hemline and strappy heels.

Not brave enough to show some skin? Pair the delicate dress with an oversized matching blazer to keep things sensual yet sophisticated.

Gotham/GC Images

Reese Witherspoon has the perfect mother-daughter ensemble for a special V-Day date with your family. The Big Little Lies star and her daughter, Ava Phillippe, show you that coordinating outfits are a great way to spend a holiday that is all about love.

One color for Mom, one color for you and another for whoever else tags along!

A great option for a first date is a subtle floral print! Take a note of Margot Robbie's flowy dress that mixed a soft pale pink flower print with a touch of ruffles. The sweet look is just what you need for a seaside brunch, wine tasting or a picnic.

Phillip Faraone/Getty Images

Meanwhile, for those non-single ladies, let the world know you're taken like Paris Hilton did with her red heart-shaped Sara Battaglia bag. Donning a white dress on your Valentine's Day outing is a great blank canvas to either dress up or down.

Pair the ivory tone with pink or red heels and a matching statement accessory. The options are endless!

Michael Tran/FilmMagic

Busy working all day, but still want to show your V-Day spirit? A fitted and stylish colorful suit like Aubrey Plaza's is always great for the boardroom, lunch meeting or presentation.

Whatever work environment you're in, change up the shoes for sleek sneakers, kitten heels or even wedges. Keep the rest of the look to a minimum.

Robin Marchant/Getty Images

Ready to celebrate Galentines? Victoria's Secret Angels Romee Strijd and Josephine Skriver have fitting looks for day or night!

Strijd's white dress with red heart prints can be played up with sexy heels and a peek-a-boo red bra or dressed down with sandals or even white sneakers. Meanwhile, Skriver's curve-hugging mini dress can take you from dinner to a night out on the dance floor with your besties.

JB Lacroix/ Getty Images

For moms who will be stepping out for the night, look to Victoria Beckham. The mother of four is an expert at flawlessly rocking a comfortable and chic outfit wherever she goes. Done are the days of body-hugging and now loose-fitting and classic dresses are in!

Pair a maxi, wrap or midi dress with a nice sandal or heel and don't be afraid to let your face show with a messy updo and smoky makeup.

Carlos Alvarez/Getty Images

And lastly, dare to be bold like Zendaya by going for a major statement. A strapless silk jumpsuit in your choice of color gives you the courage to take things to a fearless level!

Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images for Glamour

RELATED CONTENT: