Ryan Seacrest, 43, packs on the PDA with girlfriend Shayna Taylor, 26, during getaway in Italy He has one of the busiest schedules in show business.

And Ryan Seacrest decided to take a well-deserved break from his hectic routine as he enjoyed a romantic getaway with his girlfriend, Shayna Taylor, in Portofino, Italy, on Thursday.

The former Keeping Up With The Kardashians executive producer, 43, couldn't resist packing on the PDA with the model, 26, as they walked hand-in-hand and shared a sweet kiss during the idyllic boat ride.

Smitten: Ryan Seacrest decided to take a well-deserved break from his hectic routine as he enjoyed a romantic getaway with his girlfriend, Shayna Taylor, in Portofino, Italy, on Thursday

Ryan looked handsome in an unbuttoned light blue linen shirt, which he teamed with navy coloured shorts.

The American Idol host teamed the ensemble with a silver pendant necklace, black loafers and a pair of stylish sunglasses.

Meanwhile, his girlfriend, Shayna, showed off her toned figure in a pair of tiny denim shorts with white flowers on them.

Sweet: The former Keeping Up With The Kardashians executive producer, 43, couldn't resist packing on the PDA with the model, 26, as they shared a sweet kiss during the idyllic boat ride

Dapper: Ryan looked handsome in an unbuttoned light blue linen shirt, which he teamed with navy coloured shorts

Stylish: Meanwhile, his girlfriend, Shayna, showed off her toned figure in a pair of tiny denim shorts with white flowers on them

She teamed the item of clothing with a white plunging crop top and a pair of brown slider sandals.

Shayna accessorised her look with a collection of necklaces, bracelets and rings, as well as black sunglasses.

The model styled her honey blonde locks into a sleek low-down bun as she added a slick of make-up.

Ryan and Shayna appeared loved-up as they walked to the boat with a shopping bag.

Romantic: They couldn't resist cuddling up and kissing on the boat ride as they took in the stunning views of Portofino

Stylish: Later on in the day, the couple made a wardrobe change as they arrived in Saint-Tropez, France

Chic: Shayna wore a plunging grey and white striped maxi dress, which tied in at the waist, with a stylish white rucksack

They couldn't resist cuddling up and kissing on the boat ride as they took in the stunning views of Portofino.

Later on in the day, the couple made a wardrobe change as they arrived in Saint-Tropez, France.

Shayna wore a plunging grey and white striped maxi dress, which tied in at the waist, with a stylish white rucksack.

She styled her blonde locks into a relaxed half-back hairdo, as she added a slick of make-up.

Elegant: She styled her blonde locks into a relaxed half-back hairdo, as she added a slick of make-up

Handsome: Meanwhile, Ryan wore a pair of white chinos which he teamed with a navy blue t-shirt and matching coloured loafers

Meanwhile, Ryan wore a pair of white chinos which he teamed with a navy blue t-shirt and matching coloured loafers.

Only recently, Ryan jokingly admitted that he once found himself in Shayna's blouse during a date night.

Talking on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon earlier this month, the American Idol host revealed that his girlfriend called him out for mistakenly putting on her shirt.

The hilarious mishap was revealed as Ryan opened up about his hectic schedule of traveling back and forth between coasts for work.

Sweethearts: Ryan and Shayna rekindled their love in early 2017 after dating for a few years before taking a bit of a break

Ryan and Shayna rekindled their love in early 2017 after dating for a few years before taking a bit of a break.

They now live together in New York, but have no plans for marriage, Ryan recently told his Live With Kelly And Ryan co-host Kelly Ripa last year.

It was recently reported that Seacrest makes a cool $10million for his hosting gig with the recently revived (and renewed) American Idol.

As soon as the talent show ends on Sunday nights, the couple hops on a private jet to be back in NYC on Monday for his KIIS-FM morning radio show, On Air With Ryan Seacrest, and ABC's Live With Kelly And Ripa.