Katy Perry spends $7.5 million on lavish four bedroom mansion for her friends and family Katy Perry has treated her closest friends and family members to new $7.5 million guest home in Los Angeles, more than a year after putting her own Hollywood Hills mansion on the market.

The four bedroom, five bathroom property in upscale Beverly Hills will reportedly be used communally by those closest to the American star, whose bid to offload her listed home resulted the price being lowered in July.

Spread over 4,400 square feet, the lavish Spanish style house includes tasteful French doors, a large outdoor area and sweeping manicured lawns.

Generous gesture: Katy Perry has treated her closest friends and family members to new $7.5 million guest home in Los Angeles, more than a year after putting her own Hollywood Hills mansion on the market

Lovely: The four bedroom, five bathroom property in upscale Beverly Hills will reportedly be used communally by those closest to the American star, whose bid to offload her listed home resulted the price being lowered in July

A large outdoor pool and seating area affords tenants plenty of space to relax and unwind, while its acres of space is perfect for those hoping to make the most of the balmy Californian sunshine.

The property is nestled within the heart of an exclusive gated community, with previous celebrity residents including Adele, Ellen Degeneres, Jennifer Lawrence and married couple Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis.

Neutral decor and minimalist furnishings prove to be recurring theme throughout the home, with a tasteful living room featuring fitted bookshelves surrounding a large, widescreen television.

Green with envy: Spread over 4,400 square feet, the lavish Spanish style house includes tasteful French doors, a large outdoor area and sweeping manicured lawns

Dive in: A large outdoor pool and seating area affords the occupier plenty of space to relax and unwind

Elsewhere a modest, open-plan kitchen and breakfast nook sits adjacent to a polished glass table - an ideal spot for early morning coffee.

Given Katy's musical background it's little surprise to find a piano in another of the property's tastefully decorated rooms, surrounded by welcoming sofas, chairs and a roaring open fireplace.

The dining room table can comfortably seat ten, while patio doors look out on the property's neatly manicured back garden.

Upstairs the inviting master bedroom includes a huge amount of space, filled with comfortable chairs, a sofa and obligatory double bed.

Invite only: The property is nestled within the heart of an exclusive gated community, with previous celebrity residents including Adele, Ellen Degeneres, Jennifer Lawrence and married couple Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis

Bird's eye view: An overhead shot shows the property surrounded by shrubbery, while a long driveway sis behind its large gate

Come on in: The living room features neutral cream decor and fitted book shelves surrounding a large, wide-screen television

Katy's purchase comes just months after she reportedly slashed a further $335,000 from the price of her extravagant Beverly Hills compound in a desperate bid to offload the property she originally put on the market in September.

The American singer, 33, was said to be open to offers of $8.95 million (£6,741,274) for the Mediterranean style property, which encompasses a four bedroom house, guest house, security building, separate fitness studio and an enormous outdoor pool.

Katy originally listed the sprawling home 13-months ago, but a lack of offers is understood to have resulted in a modest reduction on its original $9.285 million valuation.

Despite the marginally lower price, Katy is still set to make a modest profit from the property she purchased from heiress Aileen Getty for $8.2 million.

Play us a tune: A piano sits in one corner, surrounded by welcoming sofas, chairs and a roaring open fireplace

Settle down: A polished glass table sits adjacent to the property's modest, open-plan kitchen and breakfast nook

Let's eat: The dining room table can comfortably seat ten, while patio doors look out on the property's neatly manicured back garden

Rooms with a view: Open doors offer a glimpse of the tasteful dining room (L) and minimalist hallway (R)

Walk this way: An open staircase leads guests up the second floor of the stunning Spanish style home

Rest and relaxation: The inviting master bedroom includes a huge amount of space, filled with comfortable chairs, a sofa and obligatory double bed

Wash and go: The bathroom includes huge mirrors and plenty of storage space for toiletries

The singer also owns a separate five bedroom, and five and a half bathroom property, covering 2,815 sq ft and tucked away in its own gated community.

According to Katy paid just under $19 million for the home, which was not officially on the market, in April 2017, according to TMZ.

MailOnline has contacted a representative for further comment.

Previously: The singer also owns a separate five bedroom, and five and a half bathroom property, covering 2,815 sq ft and tucked away in its own gated community (pictured)