Vanderpump Rules' Scheana Shay kisses beau Robert Valletta When it comes to mending her heart, this reality star certainly picks the best locations to do so.

A clearly loved-up Scheana Marie Shay could not keep her hands off her new beau Robert Parks-Valletta.

The 31-year-old separated from her husband in November and it was revealed on Wednesday that Scheana believes her husband cheated on her in a just released reunion trailer.

Scroll down for video

Making a splash: A clearly loved-up Scheana Marie Shay could not keep her hands off her new beau Robert Parks-Valletta in Hawaii on Sunday

The couple spent a romantic and heart racing - in more ways than one - day at a waterfall in Maui on Sunday.

It was obvious her impending divorce from husband Mike Shay was the last thing on her mind as she went for a dip in the rainforest pool.

When she first plopped into the water, the Sur waitress seemed nervous to even out her hands under the murky water.

But with Robert's encouragement, she got in and splashed around enthusiastically in the shallows.

Loved-up: The couple spent a romantic and heart racing - in more ways than one - day at a waterfall in Maui

Mike who? It was obvious her impending divorce from husband Mike Shay was the last thing on her mind as she went for a dip in the rainforest pool

The Vanderpump Rules star then threw her legs and arms around the muscular actor before giving him a long and lingering kiss.

And they probably would have stayed that way had Robert's sense of adventure gotten to him.

Without fear, he clambered up the waterfall and leapt off to land just near his bathing suit-clad babe.

Not her thing: When she first plopped into the water, the Sur waitress seemed nervous to even out her hands under the murky water

You can do it: But with Robert's encouragement, she got in and splashed around enthusiastically in the shallows

Not done yet, he then grabbed a rope swing and swung across the natural pool.

Perhaps trying to be Scheana's Tarzan, he carried the reality star on his back and tried to pull them both up the side of the waterfall.

But his modern-day Jane was not having it and hoped back into the water.

Come here you: The Vanderpump Rules star then threw her legs and arms around the muscular actor before giving him a long and lingering kiss

Can't stop: And they probably would have stayed that way had Robert's sense of adventure gotten to him

Hold on tight: The actor gave the reality star a piggy back as they shared some PDA

To be fair the West Hollywood princess was doing her best to seem as outdoorsy as her love interest but it was obviously not her thing.

For their trip to the waterfall, Scheana wore a monokini with a leaf print.

The rather daring one piece featured a plunging neckline which was created by two strips of material which gathered together at her waist.

I, 2, 3, jummmmppp! Without fear, he clambered up the waterfall and leapt off to land just near his bathing suit-clad babe

In the swing of things: Not done yet, he then grabbed a rope swing and swung across the natural pool

The swimsuit's design showed off lots of her chest as well as her slender waist.

Robert meanwhile showed off his buff bod in black boardshorts.

The duo had to walk through rainforest to get to their wet and wild day date spot.

You Jane: Perhaps trying to be Scheana's Tarzan, he carried the reality star on his back and tried to pull them both up the side of the waterfall

Not so fast: But his modern-day Jane was not having it and hoped back into the water

That's better: The 31-year-old star much preferred to relax in the water with her beau

One and done: For their trip to the waterfall, Scheana wore a monokini with a leaf print

So for the hike Scheana wore one of her beau's long sleeve T-shirts with a cap and fringed sandals.

While Robert through on a white tank top and sipped on a coconut.

While their romance may seem fast, Scheana and Robert have been friends for a decade but things turned into something more over New Years.

Not the best for jumping: The rather daring one piece featured a plunging neckline which was created by two strips of material which gathered together at her waist

Dare t bare: The swimsuit's design showed off lots of her chest as well as her slender waist

Scheana announced her split from husband Mike in November when it was claimed he was missing and was struggling with his sobriety.

Mike, 29, later took to Instagram to assure family, friends and fans he was not in a drug spiral and was not missing.

He's publicly battled with an addiction to prescription drugs, but had been sober since January the year before.

Simple style: Robert meanwhile showed off his buff bod in black boardshorts

Cover up: The duo had to walk through rainforest to get to their wet and wild day date spot so the reality star wore one of her beau's tees

Their split has yet to be dealt with on Vanderpump Rule's but on the latest episode cracks had started to appear.

Lisa Vanderpump tried to talk to the waitress about her relationship but Scheana insisted they were fine.

However, in the sneak peek of next week's episode a tearful Scheana told Mike - who was distraught - she wanted a divorce.

Relationship questioned: Their split has yet to be dealt with on Vanderpump Rule's but on the latest episode cracks had started to appear

It's over: n the sneak peek of next week's episode a tearful Scheana told Mike - who was distraught - she wanted a divorce

In a just released trailer for the three-part Vanderpump Rules' reunion special obtained by E!, Scheana comes face to face with her husband on camera for the first time since announcing her divorce and accuses him of cheating.

She says in the trailer: 'I caught him texting another girl.'

When confronted by his ex Shay just responds: 'I can't even look at you right now.'

The waitress explained to boss Lisa prior to his arrival on set: 'I think he's going to feel more uncomfortable than I'm going to feel. I'm in a room of support and friends.'