April Love Geary bares her baby bump in a bikini She is one of the thousands who lost their home in the California wildfires last month.

And April Love Geary referenced the loss as she posed for an Instagram selfie on Thursday, lamenting that her swimwear collection had been destroyed in the blaze.

The 24-year-old model - who is expecting her second child with Robin Thicke, 41 - posed in a two-piece as she revealed she's been stocking up on new bikinis.

Starting again: April Love Geary referenced the loss of her home as she posed for an Instagram selfie on Thursday, lamenting that her swimwear collection had been destroyed in the blaze

Showing off her burgeoning baby bump, April looked radiant in a ruffled floral bikini as she snapped a selfie in the bathroom.

Allowing her natural beauty to shine through, the star looked positively radiant as she went make-up free, whilst a red bandanna kept her glossy locks out of her face.

She captioned the snap: 'Didn't pack any of my bikinis when I evacuated so starting my new collection with this super cute @toripraverswimwear bikini!'

Cute couple: The 24-year-old model - who is expecting her second child with Robin Thicke, 41 - and is one of the thousands who lost their home in the California wildfires last month

Robin and April welcomed their first child, a daughter Mia nine months ago, and their second child is due in March.

April and Blurred Lines singer Robin were evacuated from their $2.4m family home last month due to the raging wildfire, and returned to the site of their home to find everything gone.

April took to her Instagram story to reveal the tragic news that their home had been burned down, as she uploaded a photo of the front gate of their destroyed house nd, alongside a crying emoji, wrote: 'Our house is gone.'

Family fun: Robin and April welcomed their first child, a daughter Mia nine months ago, and their second child is due in March

Robin then told TMZ that he wasn't worried about looting at their home, as there was nothing left.

'There's nothing to loot at our house,' he told them, as he explained it was too early for him to start thinking about rebuilding.

Robin earlier told Entertainment Tonight that after being given an hour and a half to evacuate: 'We just packed everything we could in the car, some guitars, some family albums, my computer with all my music on it, and got a bunch of baby stuff.'

He added: 'You never really think it'll actually happen. You know, you think of what you would have done, but you just can't really prepare for that kind of thing.'