Kit Harington should stop complaining about sexism towards men and take his shirt off, claims Patricia Clarkson Your support helps us to tell the story Read more Support Now From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging. At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story. The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it. Your support makes all the difference. Read more

Patricia Clarkson has claimed Game of Thrones star Kit Harington should “get over” his complaints of double standards of Hollywood “sexism” towards male actors.

Last month, Harington, who plays Jon Snow in the hit series, said there is a “double standard” towards men in the film industry.

“I like to think of myself as more than a head of hair or a set of looks,” the 29-year-old told The Sunday Times magazine. “It’s demeaning. Yes, in some ways you could argue I’ve been employed for a look I have. But there’s a sexism that happens towards men. There’s definitely a sexism in our industry towards women and there is towards men as well. At some points during photoshoots when I’m asked to strip down, I felt that.”

Clarkson appeared to have little sympathy for Harrington’s supposed plight when asked about the comments by the Guardian, saying: “He’s a sex symbol. Get over it. You have an amazing career and you’re on a hot show. Take your shirt off.”

The Green Mile actress was discussing some gendered negative responses to the upcoming Ghostbusters all-female remake when she claimed white male actors don’t have a leg to stand on when bemoaning anything in the film industry.

“There are still so many movies made starring 50 men and one woman! A white male actor should never be allowed to complain about anything,” the 56-year-old said. “Shut up and sit in the corner. I mean, seriously!”