Kourtney Kardashian (1979-)

Who Is Kourtney Kardashian?

Kourtney Kardashian was born on April 18, 1979, in Los Angeles, California. In 2007, Kourtney and her family began appearing on the reality television series Keeping up with the Kardashians. After three seasons, Kourtney landed the first of multiple spin-offs. Kourtney had three children with longtime boyfriend Scott Disick, Mason, Penelope and Reign, before they split in 2015.

Early Years

Kourtney Mary Kardashian was born on April 18, 1979, in Los Angeles, California, to parents Robert and Kris Kardashian. Kourtney had two younger sisters, Kim and Khloé Kardashian, and a younger brother, Robert. A famous lawyer; her father defended O.J. Simpson during his murder trial. Her mother is best known as Kourtney and her sisters' "momager" due to her role in managing their public appearances.

In 1989, Kourtney's parents divorced. Two years later, her mother remarried, to gold medal Olympian Bruce Jenner (later Caitlyn Jenner). The marriage brought Kourtney four step siblings: Burt, Casey, Brandon and Brody Jenner. Bruce and Kris also gave Kourtney two younger half-sisters, Kendall and Kylie.

Kourtney graduated from Mary Mount High School in Los Angeles in 1998. After two years at Southern Methodist University in Dallas, she transferred to the University of Arizona, Tucson, where she received her bachelor's degree.

In 2003, Kourtney's father died of esophageal cancer.

Reality Shows

In 2007, Kourtney and her family began appearing on the reality television series Keeping up with the Kardashians. Kourtney was no stranger to reality TV; she had already starred in the E! Network series The Simple Life, with her childhood friend Paris Hilton. Kourtney had also been cast, among other the children of other wealthy celebs, in the failed reality show Filthy Rich: Cattle Drive.

Keeping up with the Kardashians follows the exploits of Kourtney and the rest of the Kardashian clan, from their love lives and personal conflicts to their professional pursuits. The show has given rise to several spin-offs, including Kourtney and Khloé Take Miami, later renamed Kourtney and Kim Take Miami; Kourtney and Kim Take New York and Kourtney and Khloé Take the Hamptons.

Personal Life

Thanks to her reality shows, audiences were privy to the ups and downs of Kourtney's relationship with her long-term boyfriend, Scott Disick. The couple started dating in 2006. During the filming of Kourtney and Khloé Take Miami, the couple split temporarily. Before the show aired, the couple reunited and Kourtney discovered she was pregnant.

Kourtney and Scott's first child, a son named Mason Disick, was born on December 14, 2009. Kourtney gave birth to a girl named Penelope Scotland Disick on July 8, 2011. In June 2014, she revealed that she and Scott were expecting their third child. The couple welcomed a son, Reign Aston, on December 14, 2014 — the same day their son Mason celebrated his fifth birthday.

In 2015, the on-again, off-again couple reportedly split up over the Fourth of July weekend, according to E! News. The breakup came after tabloids reported that Disick, who was in and out of rehab facilities, was partying in Monte Carlo with other women, including his ex-girlfriend.

Kourtney later became involved with French model Younes Bendjima, who reportedly disapproved of her revealing social media photos. The pair split in August 2018, though they rekindled their romance the following year.

Kardashian confirmed her relationship with Blink-182 drummer Travis Barker in early 2021.

Business Ventures

In addition to being a mother and reality show personality, Kourtney is a successful entrepreneur. She and her sisters ran a chain of clothing stores called DASH, before their April 2018 announcement that the stores would close. She also co-owned a children's boutique, Smooch, with her mother and collaborated with Kylie for new products through her younger sibling's cosmetics line.

Kourtney has also positioned herself as the most environmentally conscious member of the family. In April 2018, after accepting an invitation from the nonprofit Environmental Working Group, she participated in a congressional briefing on regulatory reform of the cosmetics industry, earning approval for using her "star power" to draw attention to the issue.

In April 2019, Kourtney launched a new lifestyle and wellness site, Poosh, with a stated mission to "educate, motivate, create, and curate a modern lifestyle, achievable by all."

QUICK FACTS

Name: Kourtney Kardashian

Birth Year: 1979

Birth date: April 18, 1979

Birth State: California

Birth City: Los Angeles

Birth Country: United States

Gender: Male

Best Known For: Kourtney Kardashian, sister of Kim Kardashian, has starred in the reality TV show 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians' and its spin-offs.

Industries

Television

Astrological Sign: Aries

Occupations

Reality Television Star

Fact Check: We strive for accuracy and fairness. If you see something that doesn’t look right, contact us!

QUOTES