Anne Hathaway teases Josh Gad about social media snub from their 2010 movie Love & Other Drugs Anne Hathaway and Josh Gad had a laugh on social media Saturday after Gad excluded her from a throwback post.

The 37-year-old actor shared a shot in which he was posed with Jake Gyllenhaal on the set of their 2010 romantic comedy Love & Other Drugs, which also co-starred Hathaway.

The Hollywood, Florida native wrote: '#tbt Wow. Here’s an oldie but a goodie. #jakegyllenhaal and I behind the scenes during #loveandotherdrugs.'

Scroll below for video

Buddies: Anne Hathaway, 35, and Josh Gad, 37, had a laugh on social media Saturday after Gad excluded her from a throwback post. The stars were snapped together in 2010 in Hollywood

The 35-year-old actress chimed in about her exclusion from the social media post, as she left a comment reading, 'I’m not sure if you’ll remember me but I was in Love and Other Drugs with you. My name is Annie?

'Anyway, I hope you are well! (Please like my comment, it would mean so much to me!).'

Gad responded with a bit of industry humor, writing back to the Princess Diaries star, 'Please reach out to my agent. That’s where I have my fan mail sent. Thank you!!'

Yukking it up: The Hollywood stars enjoyed a spirited exchange via the social media site

Gad, who voices the character of Olaf in the Frozen universe, also sent his regards to another Hollywood peer Friday.

He wished Kevin Hart - his-co-star in 2015's The Wedding Ringer - a happy birthday, as the Philadelphia native turned 39.

'Happy birthday to one of the greatest talents and human beings I know, @kevinhart4real who is the only male adult in the world who makes me feel like a basketball player when standing next to him,' Gad wrote, along with a shot of the two men chatting. 'Love you my friend.'

Hollywood pals: Gad also wished Kevin Hart a happy birthday on Friday

Gad, who has two children with wife Ida Darvish - daughters Ava, seven, and Isabella, four - opened up about his natural chemistry with Hart during a joint interview with Entertainment Weekly in 2014.

Asked if he and Hart were chummy prior to making the film, Gad wisecracked, 'I didn’t even know of Kevin. I think we went to the same temple. We definitely got a crash course in pretending to be each other’s friend.'

Hart said of Gad: 'I can honestly say that he’s a friend now.'