Khloe Kardashian Has Lost 33 Lbs in Three Months Since Giving Birth Talk about a True transformation! Khloé Kardashian says she has lost 33 lbs in the three months since she gave birth to daughter True, her first child, on April 12.

Related: Celebrities’ Weight Loss and Transformations: Before and After Pictures Shocking, indeed! Some celebs seek out extreme methods to shed pounds, while others transform with the aid of healthier methods. From Rosie O'Donnell's and Jordin Sparks' respective 50 pound weight losses to Biggest Loser winner Rachel Frederickson's whopping 155 lighter frame, see before and after pictures of celebrities' weight loss transformations.

In a post on her official app, the 34-year-old reality star credited a “combination of breastfeeding and being very active” for the impressive weight loss.

Mommy’s Little Love A post shared by Khloé (@khloekardashian) on May 26, 2018 at 2:13pm PDT

“After I had True, I didn’t put any pressure on myself to lose the baby weight,” Kardashian wrote. “I just wanted to get back to my regular routine from before I got pregnant, which was working out five to six times a week.”

Related: Relive the Kardashians’ Best Quotes About Family Family over everything. Despite their many ups and downs, the Kardashian-Jenner family will always stand by each other’s sides. The reality TV stars have always boasted about having a big family, even noting in several episodes of Keeping Up With the Kardashians over the years that they couldn’t imagine having a small brood. As their […]

Then Kardashian got down to specifics: “Here is where I am at currently. True turned 3 months old on July 12. I honestly didn’t give myself a number that I wanted to lose by this time, especially since I wasn’t able to work out for the first six weeks. But, since then, I’ve lost 33 pounds! I’m shocked that I lost that much weight that quickly. I’m chalking this up to the combination of breastfeeding and being very active during and after my pregnancy.”

Shortly after she and boyfriend Tristan Thompson welcomed True, the Good American founder resumed workouts with her trainer, Joel “Coach Joe” Bouraïma, and she recently slammed speculation she was on a “ridiculous” post-baby diet.

Related: Stars Who Have Been Spokespeople for Diet Programs Weight Watchers, Jenny Craig, and Nutrisystem, oh my! For years, stars from Jessica Simpson to Valerie Bertinelli to Kirstie Alley have been lending their names and bodies to weight loss programs to serve as spokespeople. See some famous faces that have promoted weight loss brands.

And in her latest post, Kardashian emphasized the role of exercise in her life while asserting that not all mothers need to be such gym devotees. “I never compare myself to other women as every woman has their own journey. We also all have different priorities in our day-to-day lives. One of mine is having that one hour where I can be selfish and alone in my place of refuge,” she wrote.

“Staying healthy and active is something that’s very important to me,” she added. “Exercise is something I’ve always used to maintain my sanity and relieve stress. And, now that I have a baby, I still want to keep something that’s my time, my space, something I’m doing for myself.”