Robert Pattinson and Suki Waterhouse spark romance rumors in London Robert Pattinson is rumored to be dating Suki Waterhouse.

The 32-year-old Remember Me star split from his ex-fiancée FKA Twigs last year, and it seems he's now officially moved on, since he's been spotted getting cozy with the 26-year-old actress and model.

According to E! News, the two stars appeared to enjoy a date night at the Electric Cinema in Notting Hill, London, over the weekend, before heading to the SoHo House across the street for drinks.

Breaking: Robert Pattinson is reportedly dating Suki Waterhouse

The pair left the venue at around 1am, and were reportedly 'very close' as they walked together.

An eyewitness told the publication: 'Along the way, they were very close and cuddled and kissed many times.

'Robert was very affectionate to her and had his arm around her the whole way and Suki reciprocated by holding his hand and kissing it.

'They were very loved up and close. Robert stroked Suki's hair and gave her another loving kiss.'

Romance: According to E! News , the two stars appeared to enjoy a date night at the Electric Cinema in Notting Hill, London, over the weekend, before heading to the SoHo House across the street for drinks

Summer fun: The pair left the venue at around 1am, and were reportedly 'very close' as they walked together

For Suki, the reported new romance comes after she was previously spotted locking lips with ex-boyfriend and musician Miles Kane whilst at a Liam Gallagher concert in November last year.

A source said at the time: 'They went to Liam's concert at The Wiltern together and it was much more than just a friendly thing.

'Suki was being very affectionate with Miles. They were kissing and cuddling.

'They looked super-close. It definitely didn't look like they had just bumped into each other there. It was clear they were an item and didn't care who saw them.'

Getting close: 'Robert was very affectionate to her and had his arm around her the whole way and Suki reciprocated by holding his hand and kissing it

The Insurgent actress was also reported to be romancing director Darren Aronofsky, but rumors were quickly squashed by her representative.

They said: 'They are not dating nor are they together.'

Meanwhile, Robert was previously spotted with his former girlfriend and Twilight co-star Kristen Stewart whilst at a birthday party for Lily-Rose Depp in June, but the pair weren't thought to be back together.

Smooching: 'They were very loved up and close. Robert stroked Suki's hair and gave her another loving kiss'