Cole Sprouse and Lili Reinhart's Relationship Timeline Seventeen picks products that we think you'll love the most. We may earn commission from the links on this page.

Jughead and Betty may be totally in love on Riverdale, but unfortunately, Cole Sprouse and Lili Reinhart didn't work out as well. The couple was on and off since 2017, but in March of 2020, they officially called it quits. Mourn the end of their relationship by remembering the good times with this timeline of Sprousehart.

October 26, 2020

It seems like Cole may have moved on seven months following his split from Lili. The actor was spotted getting cozy with Canadian model Reiña Silva, leading many to think that the pair is dating.

Cole and Reiña were seen hanging out in Vancouver and, at one point, paparazzi caught Reiña hugging Cole under his jacket while he kissed her on the cheek. While this isn't confirmation of a relationship, it was enough to spark dating rumors.

BACKGRID

Related Story What to Know About Cole Sprouse's New Girl

August 19, 2020

After months of speculation, Cole confirmed that he and Lili did, in fact, break up. The actor posted an Instagram to announce the news to fans.

"Lili and I initially separated in January of this year, deciding to more permanently split in March," he wrote. "What an incredible experience I had, I’ll always feel lucky and cherish that I had the chance to fall in love. I wish her nothing but the utmost love and happiness moving forward. All I’ll say about it, anything else you hear doesn’t matter."

The confirmation comes after Lili talked to Refinery 29 about recently dealing with a "withdrawal of love." Many thought she was speaking about the breakup, though she later confirmed that wasn't the case.

"Quotes taken from my most recent interview are not about a 'breakup,' she tweeted after many outlets began reporting them as such. "They are about the depression I’ve felt over these last few months. Tired of people taking my words out of context and piecing together their own story for clickbait."



The two exes will be reunited very soon. Riverdale season five is back in production and the actors will be back on set soon after they quarantine for two weeks. When sources first reported that the couple broke up back in May, many said that being back on set together would likely rekindle their relationship. Now, we will have to wait and see if that is the case.



May 25, 2020

Lili and Cole are reportedly over...for now. According to People, the couple is "currently not together" and E! News is saying they broke up in late April.

Apparently, the pair was "in a good place when Riverdale was shut down due to the coronavirus outbreak, but they isolated separately and distance has never been a good thing for their relationship."

The breakup might not last too long though. E!'s source suspects that Lili and Cole "will likely reconcile once filming resumes." They continued, saying, "both aren't interested in dating other people, just using this time to chill and focus on themselves."

May 20, 2020

Skeet Ulrich seemingly just confirmed that Cole Sprouse and Lili Reinhart are, in fact, no longer together.

While on Instagram Live with his girlfriend, one fan asked the actor, "Do you think Cole Sprouse and Lili Reinhart are a cute couple?"

"I think they were a very cute couple," Skeet responded. His girlfriend then added,"They were a very cute couple. They're both beautiful people," while seemingly emphasizing the "were."

Of course, people are pointing out Skeet and his girlfriend's use of the past tense, citing it as a sign that Lili and Cole are no longer together. While neither Lili nor Cole have commented on Skeet's statement, their breakup wouldn't be too surprising considering everything that went on with the cheating rumors and Lili and Cole not quarantining together.

May 4, 2020

Lili Reinhart took to Twitter to voice her feelings on #ColeSprouseIsOverParty trending on the platform.

"Twitter is such a vile place," she wrote in a string of now-deleted tweets. "It's so easy to say sh*t behind your f*cking phone, isn't it?"

She continued, explaining that situations like this are why she keeps her relationships private, but she felt that she had to say something about what was going on.

"I refuse to keep my mouth shut about things like this," she said. "You have no idea how destructive this can be to someone. To anyone. It's abusive. There is no excuse for this. You need god in your life or some form of help if you participate in cancel culture."

Twitter

The hashtag was most likely trending after rumors that Cole cheated on Lili with model Kaia Gerber. Lili went on a rant when those rumors initially surfaced, which you can see below.

April 24, 2020

While previously, it didn't seem like Lili was going to respond to the rumors that Cole had cheated on her with Kaia, in actuality, it seems like she commented on the situation when Cole originally made his post.

The actress took to her Instagram stories to share a message the same day that Cole went on his own Insta-rant.

"Dear everyone on social media," she wrote. "Don't put people down for the sake of putting them down. Don't be a f*cking asshole. The world doesn't need anymore of that sh*t."

Instagram

She later also tweeted, "Twitter is actually the most toxic form of social media. People are assholes for the sake of being assholes," she said. "Do you not understand karma? It's fine if you don't, you'll understand when it bites your miserable ass."

Twitter

Lili later deleted both of these posts, and while it isn't clear if these comments are about the cheating allegations, the timing and the nature of them suggest that they are.

April 21, 2020

Despite allegations that Cole cheated on Lili with Kaia Gerber (see more below), the two are apparently "still together." According to a source from E! News, while they aren't quarantining together, they "haven't split" and they're doing OK.

"Their relationship is always up and down but they do talk every day and care very much about one another," the source said. "Lili and Cole have been trying to be more low-key."

As for Kaia, she and Cole apparently are friends, but they "have never been romantic," and that photo that Kaia shared from Cole's house was old, according to the source.

April 20, 2020

Cole was forced to deny rumors that he cheated on Lili when fans started claiming that the actor was quarantining in LA with model Kaia Gerber.

"So apparently Cole (27) cheated on Lili (23) with Kaia (18) and Lili found out they were quarantining together cause Kaia posted an insta story from his house and Lili recognized the background so she broke up with him... yikes," wrote when Twitter user.

Of course, Cole was having none of it. "I tolerate a lot of rumors and slander from people online claiming to be my fans," he wrote on his Insta story. "Fans who feel entitled to my privacy precisely because I never indulge them. But attacking my friends, baseless accusations, leaking my address and sending death threats are all qualities of insanity and fanaticism."

He continued, writing, "When I first stepped into a public relationship this was one of the foreseeable consequences. And while I truly never intended to indulge any part of my private life to the ravenous horde, it's clear my restraint in updating them has allowed them to push their own agenda onto my habits and lifestyle."

Instagram Instagram

Neither Lili nor Kaia have commented on the rumors, but it is important to note that while they are both reportedly in LA, Lili and Cole are seemingly not quarantining together. Still, there could be a lot of reasons for this and it might mean nothing.

February 5, 2020

Sprousehart fans had a minor freak out when it looked like Lili and Cole unfollowed each other on Instagram. Lili later explained the situation, though, writing on her story that it was simply a glitch on the social media site.

November 10, 2019

Though Cole attended the People's Choice Awards alone, Lili showed her support for her man from bed, as he accepted the award Drama Movie Star of 2019.

"Congrats, to my people's choice best baby," she wrote along with of Cole on stage at the show.

Instagram

While I'm annoyed we missed out on a red carpet moment from these two, this was still pretty cute.

November 7, 2019

In an interview with Cosmo, Lili revealed that she's not a gift-giving person because she finds that it's more romantic to give an "experience."

"If I can pay for a trip somewhere...whether it's booking a flight, or a really cool hotel, and going somewhere together and making it a romantic thing," she said. "That's really better than a physical gift. Walking away with an experience is more romantic in my mind."

October 27, 2019

Cole posted a pic to Instagram of Lili at the 2019 Governors Awards, along with the caption, "This is me bragging." Honestly, I don't blame him, she looks gorg!

Instagram

October 12, 2019

Lili and Cole headed out for a romantic dinner date in LA where they reportedly looked "very happy together" and were "openly affectionate and loving with one another." If you don't believe me, check out the pics from their night:

BACKGRID

September 13, 2019

In honor of Lili's 23rd birthday, Cole posted the cutest quartet of photos on Instagram, featuring the couple embracing and making out.

"Lil @lilireinhart was born on a Friday the 13th and haven’t I just been so lucky ever since?" he captioned the pic.

This comes a few days after Lili confirmed, yet again, that the couple is still together following breakup rumors early this summer. She also hinted that the two are working on a couples costume (!!) together, so get ready for that.

August 7, 2019

Lili and Cole are still not over the crazy rumors that they broke up, but it looks like they're having a good laugh about it now. Lili has some fun on Instagram when she commented on a post about Cole that was posted on Variety's account.

"Sources say he's single now- is he available?" she asked in a comment.

Of course, Lili wasn't the only one who had a bit of fun. Cole confirmed that they were totally still together and said that they're just having a laugh about it.

"I think you have to poke fun at it a little bit," he told Entertainment Tonight. "It's kind of something you sign up for, but as long as can keep it light and fun, it's all good."

August 4, 2019

Lili Reinhart posted a super sweet poem on Cole's birthday with a brand new photo of him relaxing on vacation.

Of course, Cole decided to have some fun and commented back, "follow for follow?" which made some fans confused. For the record, they totally follow each other so it's likely an inside joke between them, but it seems he had a really great birthday after he thanked everyone on his Instagram story.

"Thank you for all the birthday wishes guys feeling v pregnant with your love," he wrote.

Instagram

July 26, 2019

After a confusing week of trying to figure out what really going on with Sproushart, it looks like Lili is officially setting the record straight once and for all. After their hot and steamy cover that caused a lot more confusion was released, Lili took to Twitter to reassure everyone that all the recent reports of their breakup were false.

"Don’t believe everything you read on the internet, kids. And news sources should try a little harder to be less vile. 'Reliable sources' can kiss my a**."

Glad we can all finally relax and enjoy the fact that our favorite on-camera and off-camera couple is still going strong!

July 22, 2019

It looks like Sproushart is over! Us Weekly is reporting that the two have officially called it quits after two years of dating, with multiple sources saying that the couple is done and kept their distance at a San Diego Comic-Con party. According to someone at the party, Sprouse told a friend that they broke up and he ended up going home with co-stars KJ Apa and Camila Mendes.

The former couple didn't show any signs of a breakup at their Hall H panel where they gushed about season 4 and what's next for their characters. Hopefully this means the couple is on good terms with each other as they continue to film the show.

May 31, 2019

Lili and Cole are notoriously known for keeping their relationship really private, but the two just gave us a peek into their love on Instagram, once again solidifying the fact that they're total #relationshipgoals. Cole shared a stunning photo of Lili in a gown leaning over a pool of water while staring at her reflection. "Some mercurial pool," he captioned the photo.

Lili also put her love for Cole on display by posting a photo of the film poster for Cole's most recent movie, Five Feet Apart, to her Instagram Stories. Underneath Cole's photo, Lili wrote "That's My Boy." We're so here for Bughead PDA in real life.

April 29, 2019

Lili just shared a video of her boyfriend, Cole Sprouse, getting a whole lot of attention from another lady. OK, to be fair, the other lady has a lot of fur and while she's a cute pup, she has nothing on Lili.

The Riverdale actress posted a video on her Instagram story that shows Cole getting his faced licked by an adorable dog, Pinky. "She thinks that you're Dylan," said someone in the background. "She does the same thing to Dylan."



In Pinky's defense, ever since Cole dyed his hair back to blonde, he does look A LOT like his twin brother. It was later revealed that Pinky was probably going after some of the barbecue chicken wings that Cole had previously indulged in. Either way, the video is so cute. Pinky is having the time of her life with Cole, and Lili is having the time of her life watching her bf get slobbered on.

March 15, 2019

Cole and Lili like to keep their private life, well, private. So, it isn't often that we hear about things like their dates...until now! That's right, Cole revealed to Glamour the most romantic thing he's ever done for Lili and, unsurprisingly, it's straight out of a movie.

"I took my [Lili] on a date where we drove to this location deep into Canada, and I surprised her with a big hot-air balloon adventure, which was quite a bit of fun," he told Glamour. "I like traveling quite a bit. I like road-tripping. Those grand experiences always end up yielding the greatest memories—and the greatest romances."



OK, um, imagine Lili's face when she saw that hot-air balloon. I'm sure that was the most magical date either of them have ever had. In the interview, Cole also mentioned that he's not a big movie date kind of guy, instead he prefers doing something more personal, like photography. Of course, we already knew that because he takes the most incredible photos of Lili.

March 13, 2019

It didn't take long for Cole and Lili to realize their connection with each other.

"We legitimately could not stay away from one another," Cole revealed to the Los Angeles Times.

Even though the couple has been more public than ever, Cole says that fans shouldn't expect things to change, especially when it comes to things like his relationship with Lili.

"I’ve girded my private life very intentionally," he says. "It’s one of those things that I still sort of grapple with, and Lili and I grapple with."

March 7, 2019



Cole's new movie, Five Feet Apart, is almost here and Lili Reinhart was there to support her beau during the movie premiere. The Riverdale co-stars looked so cute as they posed together on the red carpet and even showed some super rare PDA.

Kevin Winter // Getty Images

Kevin Winter // Getty Images

Jon Kopaloff // Getty Images

Dylan was also there to support his brother and the twins seemed to have a good time together!

Frazer Harrison // Getty Images

February 14, 2019

Love is in the air for Valentine's Day and Cole just posted another amazing photo of Lili for the big holiday!

"Quite actually the only thing keeping me sane is @lilireinhart," he wrote.

Cole and Lili have been posted photos from the same shoot over the past few days. She posted a photo a few days earlier with the caption, "the sun came out for us."

February 12, 2019

Cole and Lili are setting the record straight about their relationship just in time for Valentine's Day. Amid rumors that the pair broke up, Cole posted a hauntingly beautiful image of Lili laying in the snow.

"'How do the people you shoot even tolerate you?' @lilireinharton ‘making her suffer for my art,’" Cole wrote on Instagram. And while I can't help but agree (he made her lay in snow!), I sure am glad that Lili endured the pain in order to capture this amazing image.



January 30, 2019

Fans have been getting a bit concerned after rumors of the couple possibly breaking up have been going around the internet. So do fans have anything to worry about? Not at all! In fact, there is proof that all is good between Lili and Cole, so everyone can rest easy!

December 17, 2018

Lili knows that she found herself a real catch in Cole Sprouse, and she's not afraid to let the world know too. When a meme account posted a joke regarding the perfect man not existing, Lili was quick to correct them.

"No man has all 5: good d*ck game, empathy, a height above 5' 9", no hoes, common sense," the post read. Initially, it was Miley Cyrus who corrected the meme page, commenting, "Mine does! Don't give up!"

When Instagram account @commentsbycelebs posted Miley's response, Lili commented too, making it known that Cole was also among the rare breed of men along with Miley's bae, Liam Hemsworth.

"I found one! 🙋" she commented, revealing some much needed information regarding Cole Sprouse's "d*ck game."

December 14, 2018

It might be getting cold outside, but Cole Sprouse is heating things up with his latest photo of Lili Reinhart.

Cole posted the photo on his Instagram story featuring Lili in a bra and matching sweater. He captioned it, "some one let this girl know I'm interested."

Instagram

Oh, we're pretty sure she knows Cole. Here's hoping she posts a response real soon.

November 22, 2018



Lili and Cole took a big step in their relationship when they traveled home to Lili's family for Thanksgiving dinner.

The pair spent the holiday in North Carolina, where the Reinharts now reside. Not only did Cole meet his girlfriend's whole clan, but he also got to play with some of Lili's adorable dogs!

Instagram

Seems like things are getting pretty serious for the IRL Riverdale couple. Maybe Christmas will be held at the Sprouse house with Dylan and his model beau.

November 12, 2018

While People's Sexiest Man of the Year might've gone to Idris Elba this year, Lili Reinhart has a completely different idea of who should've gotten the honor.

Lili posted a photo of Cole on her Instagram story with the caption, "my 2018 sexiest man." While we're not exactly sure what his response is, it's safe to say that fans were freaking out over the post. Check it out below:

October 15, 2018

Lili Reinhart and Cole Sprouse have been heating things up lately with their recent photoshoots, but this time it was Lili's turn to share a steamy photo of her beau Cole.

The couple had some fun with fans after the photo was posted, especially after Cole responded with a hilarious comment that we all wish we wrote first.

"Are you guys dating?" Cole asked.

Lili still hasn't officially responded to his question, but the answer seems pretty obvious.

October 3, 2018

Lili Reinhart just opened up about her relationship with Cole Sprouse and why it’s been so important for her to keep her love life private.

"I think it’s just that I’m so protective over it. It’s not something the world needs to know about, because if you give them anything, they are just going to want more," she told Who What Wear. "I’m not going to hide away from my relationship or hide away from what’s going on in my life, but what does happen in my relationship is so private, and I cherish it a lot. He does as well. A relationship is a very intimate thing, and I want it to be between me and him, not me, him, and the world."

She also couldn't stop gushing about his love for photography.

"I think he is such an incredible photographer, really. Sometimes he’s inspired by a location, and he’s like, 'I want to shoot you here,'" she revealed. "Other times, I’m inspired by a dress, and I’m like, 'I want you to shoot me in this.' Our photo shoots are very intimate, just him and me; no one else is there ever."

September 25, 2018

While the couplehave been pretty quiet about each other over the years, Glamour finally got them to share their thoughts about each other and they were super sweet (for the most part).

They had to share their first impressions of each other and Cole revealed that it took time for him to really get to know Lili.

"Lili was a tough egg to crack. She's very shy at first and reserved. I think it was about halfway into the first season she started letting people in truly," he said.

When it came to Lili sharing what she thought of Cole, she had something a little bit different to say...

"I thought his voice was annoying. That was my first impression. I was like, 'That guy's got an annoying voice.' And now it's grown on me, I guess," she revealed.

Lili did, however, have some nice things to say about Cole, praising his passion for photography and art.

"Cole is one of the smartest, the smartest person that I’m friends with. He’s incredibly passionate about art, about photography, about acting, and I really admire that," she said.

Cole even revealed that Lili is part of the reason why he continues to push himself creatively.

"She’s one of those people that consistently pushes me to be better at the arts that I’m pursuing," he said. "That’s just the kind of person she is. She inspires excellence out of everybody she works with."

He also pointed out how much her family has helped her become the person she is today.

"Maybe your mother inspired this in you, but you are by nature a caretaker and an extremely nurturing person. You just want to make people feel better and help people get through whatever they’re getting through."



Lili also talked about Cole's strong connection to his family.

"I said you’re very loyal to your family, because you are,” she said.



If only this video was longer cause we can honestly listen to them talk about each other all day!

September 13, 2018



The pics just keep coming and this one is the best yet! In honor of Lili's 22nd birthday, Cole posted this GORGEOUS pic of his topless GF.

Along with the picture, Cole wrote, "Both the birthday and the gift. My little muse, happy birthday my love." Ugh be cuter guys, I dare you.

September 12, 2018

Is the new purpose of Instagram just to keep up with all of the incredible Lili and Cole content? It seems like it, and, honestly, I'm OK with that. Especially when Cole posts breathtaking photos of Lili like this artistic-dream he shared recently.

Seriously is that a Renaissance painting of a gorgeous queen or a modern shot of Lili Reinhart? Who can tell the difference?! You can feel the love emanating from this image.

September 9, 2018

While Cole and Lili still haven't officially confirmed their relationship, it seemed they were getting pretty close late last night in Cole's new pic of the two of them together.





The caption is just "it's pretty, pretty late," which means they definitely stayed up all night together and by the looks of it, they got pretty close and almost KISSED in the photo.

Even though it's still not the official confirmation that we're all looking for, it's definitely close enough.

August 30, 2018

Lili and Cole are taking on the City of Love together and they look chic af doing it. Maybe the two just needed to get away from filming Riverdale season 3 so they flew off to France as a spontaneous, beautiful act of love? Just a thought.

Considering the photo is captioned "6 am," one can only assume that the two couldn't sleep, so they put on their best coats (and scarf in Cole's case) and strolled the streets of Paris, window shopping, chatting, and maybe stopping for some croissants when they got a little hungry. While we don't actually know why they're in Paris or what the trip entails, we can only assume the two of them are having a beautifully romantic time.

August 20, 2018

While Cole is typically the one behind the camera, Lili had her beau act as model during a photo shoot in some very exotic-looking mountainous location. Cole is rocking jeans and a button-up, with his iconic camera slung around his neck. He looks totally like Jughead in the wild. Lili captioned the image with the praying hands emoji. Preach, girl!

August 12, 2018

Cole and Lili made an appearance at the 2018 Teen Choice Awards, where they (along with their Riverdale cast mates) were nominated for a bunch of awards. While Cole and Lili did win Choice TV Ship and Choice Liplock, they noticeably did NOT walk the red carpet together. They also did not pose for photos as a couple (though Cole did pose for pics with his on-screen BFF KJ Apa). A fan also caught a photo of the award show's seating arrangement, which does appear to have Cole and Lili sitting near each other, but with an empty seat between the two of them. What does it all mean!?

Kevin Mazur // Getty Images

Lili stunned in a sequin pink midi dress (do you thinkKylie's 21st bday look inspired this dress?!) and Cole took a slightly more casual approach with a white blazer, denim shirt, red bandana, and slim black pants.

August 6, 2018

Big news! Skeet Ulrich and Mädchen Amick (AKA FP Jones and Alice Cooper) pretty much just confirmed Sprousehart!

"It's great. I mean, they didn't talk about [their relationship] the entire time, until just recently," Amick told Entertainment Tonight. "So, it's nice that they're able to now, like, be public with it, so it's not so under wraps." You hear that? They're public with it! And while we weren't sure exactly whether or not Lili and Cole were just really good friends or much more, their on screen 'rents pretty much just gave us all the information we need. We hope they had permission from their kids!

"Behind the scenes, they're so sweet with each other and they're both just exceptional people," Amick continued. Ok, we would do anything to see Lili and Cole interact behind the scenes during Riverdale filming.

While this is all amazing news, Ulrich ended the interview saying, "Their friendship is beautiful." Talk about mixed messages! We're just going to chalk it up to the fact that Lili and Cole are best friends and dating, because isn't that just beautiful.



August 4, 2018

Lili celebrated Cole's 26th birthday with an adorable Instagram post. Along with the cutest pic of Cole pointing at the camera she wrote, "It seems as if the world would still be a stranger to me, if not for you. I’m so thankful that our paths intertwined to form this beautiful adventure~" She finished off the post with, "Happy birthday, my love." You read that right, MY LOVE!

While the two have been very private about their relationship in the past, can we officially all agree that this relationship is happening? Is this their way of breaking the news? The suspense is paralyzing!

July 27, 2018

The two got together after filming the third season of Riverdale to watch the very rare Blood Moon lunar eclipse. Hanging in Cole's trailer, Lili documented the whole night on her Instagram story. At first, Lili adorably joked that, "If the world really is gonna end tonight then I'm happy it's with my best bud!!"

Instagram

Then, it became obvious that maybe Cole didn't care as much about the lunar eclipse as Lili did, but she kept going!

Instagram

Lili continued to joke writing, "Asked him to tell me all the things he loves about me. He's been silent for 30 minutes. Awww he must be thinking really deeply."

Instagram

As the night went on, Lili continued to goof around, documenting her and Cole as he played video games, discussed "The Purge," and took selfies. We will never get enough Cili content!

Instagram

August 4, 2018

Lili celebrated Cole's 26th birthday with this adorable Instagram. "It seems as if the world would still be a stranger to me, if not for you," the caption read. "I’m so thankful that our paths intertwined to form this beautiful adventure~" The big kicker though? The caption ended with, "Happy birthday, my love." You read that right. MY LOVE!

So, this confirms their relationship, right? I mean, you can't get anymore couple-y than that! Bring on the PDA! We're ready for it.

July 23, 2018

Lili, who is usually super tight-lipped about her romance with Jughead IRL, calls Cole Sprouse her "love" on Instagram. Lili posted a pic of herself (rocking a stunning, powder blue two-piece set) and co-stars Cole and Casey Cott (aka Betty's bestie Kevin Keller on Riverdale) from their weekend at Comic Con. Lili captioned the pic: "Loves."

The pic currently has over 2 million likes, and I'm pretty sure that 98% of those people ship Cole and Lili ALL THE WAY.

During the Comic Con panel, Lili and Cole revealed that things were looking up in season 3 for Bughead, and that they two will be going strong. Is art imitating life here, Lole/Cili?

July 4, 2018

During an interview with HarpersBazaar.com, Lili got real about talking about her relationship with Cole in public.

"I'm not okay talking about my relationship,” Lili said. “I'm not going to tell you my love story. That's just not appropriate right now.”

Lili also shared that her fame just comes with the job but it's not something that defines her.

“I don't act to be famous,” she said. “I just am a performer.”

She also opened up about dealing with all the speculation about her life now that she's famous, despite the fact that she doesn't enjoy it at all.

"Am I pregnant? Am I dating someone? Am I gay? Am I gaining weight? Am I homophobic?," she said. "People will always have something to say. I’ve accepted that. It doesn't mean it's not frustrating when people say those things. It's not like it just rolls off my back."

After the interview, Lili also fired back at critics who went after she opened up about her experience with body dysmorphia in the same interview. She tweeted out various tweets throughout July 3 and 4.

"Mental illness gets worse when people say that you don’t have a right to feel the way you do. That’s where we are dailing. Do not encourage this behavior," she tweeted. "It is destructive. More destructive than you’ll ever realize. You may not understand someone’s insecurity- but respect it."

May 13, 2018

In case you didn't know, there's been a running joke between the Riverdale cast about who is the most "daddy," so when Cole tweeted "I can't wait to be a mommy someday" on Mother's Day, Lili saw it as the perfect opportunity to start a Twitter war.

"You've admitted defeat," she responded the same day, at 8:43 P.M.

As you might expect, Cole responded with a healthy dose of sarcasm. At 9:04 P.M., he shared screengrabs of their Twitter accounts and wrote, "Sorry I didn't reply quicker, your notification got a little lost down the feed."

Finally, at 11:10 P.M., Lili replied with a "Whatever" and a Barbie gif that shows one of the most epic hair flips of all time. Enjoy.

May 7, 2018

Bughead fans, rejoice! Lili and Cole finally made their red carpet debut at the 2018 Met Gala. Without a doubt, this was the most fabulous way to confirm their relationship.

Getty Images

April 17, 2018

Lili is still Cole's photography muse. The star shared not one, but two gorgeous photos of Lili on Instagram looking like an angelic goddess in a flowey white dress.

It's hard to know if Cole took these pics WHILE they were in Mexico, but whether he did or not, clearly posting them while on their trip is a sign that he's in his feels and having a BLAST with Lili.

April 16, 2018

While most celeb couples were schmoozing at Coachella, Lili and Cole are having a romantic getaway in Mexico! Lili and Cole have both been sharing the most beautiful pics from their trip — none together, though. Of course.

So how do we know they're there together?

Well, Lili posted this video riding a horse looking like she's having a blast.

Then Cole posted this video riding a horse where Lili can be seen riding her horse in front of him.

They're probably not feeling too bad about missing Coachella at all with views like this!

April 4, 2018

Two days after Cole and Lili pretty much confirmed their relationship with a very public kiss, the couple seemingly let the cat out of the bag with actual words!

TMZ caught Cole and Lili making their way through LAX airport and asked the couple if it was a big decision for a celeb couple to go public with their relationship.

And what did Lili have to say? She said, "It's obvious."

There's some debate about what, exactly, Lili meant. She could have meant it's obvious that they're dating at this point, but she also could have been answering the paparazzi's question. As in, it's pretty obvious that a celeb couple making their relationship public is a big decision.

Or maybe both?

April 2, 2018

Cole and Lili came pretty close to confirming they're together... by kissing in public! They totally got snapped smooching casually while on a press trip in Paris, France. And can you blame them? It's the City of Lights, after all. Love is most definitely in the air.

March 25, 2018

The cast of Riverdale hit up Paley Fest 2018 to promote their upcoming season two musical episode. When it came time for the audience to ask questions, one fan decided to score a goal for Bughead shippers everywhere.

"Cole and Lili, there's been a lot of rumors that you guys are dating. Are you dating?" the fan asked, giving Cole and Lili the opportunity to finally shut down all the speculation and rumors if they are not, in fact dating. But the rumored couple didn't take the bait.

"No comment," Cole whispered awkwardly into his mic as fans freaked out — no doubt taking his non-denial as confirmation that there's something going on between them.

Check out the moment below.

January 16, 2018

Lili echoed Cole's refusal to open up about the nature of their relationship with V magazine, explaining: “People are just dying to know information about if I’m in a relationship or not. I understand the interest, but it’s called a private life for a reason. And it’s not something that I owe the world."

Lili thinks people are bound to speculate over every one of her relationships, so why bother addressing any of it?

“People are going to say anything and everything. They’re going to say that I love KJ, they’re gonna say that I love Cami, and they’re gonna say that I love Cole: it’s inevitable,” she said. “But I’m not at a point in my life where I’m ready to openly confirm, deny, or talk about a relationship that I’m in, because I think it’s brutal to have a relationship in the spotlight where I can be scrutinized by anyone and everyone.”

January 1, 2018

Cole and Lili spend New Years together in Hawaii. The couple that holidays together must be real, right?!

December 19, 2018

The pair won't confirm their relationship, but they will gush about each other on Instagram. For example, Lili couldn't even begin to handle how adorable Cole was on Friends as a child.

November 27, 2018

Cole told People he will never, ever confirm his relationship with Lili. But he won't deny it either!

"Whether you dismiss those rumors or whether you encourage those rumors, it’s giving people who are, in my opinion, a bit entitled to your personal life more power," Cole explained to the mag.

"You have to have spaces for reverence in the industry," he continued. "The more you let people in on that, the more people feel entitled to it and the more it becomes problematic with whoever you end up being with in the future, so I take that very seriously. So I just never talk about it because it’s not anyone’s right to know."

But Cole knows that fans are bound to continue speculating whether he confirms his relationships or not and he's okay with that. "People can speculate all they want," he said. "People speculate about me with every member of the cast practically, but it’s really no one’s right to know. It’s also sexy, these parts of the relationships that are just yours."

October 26, 2017

Cole admitted that he doesn’t mind making out with Lili.

When asked what fans could expect from season two on Live With Kelly and Ryan, Cole hinted at more Bughead sexy times. “[There will be] a little bit more of that, which is going to be good,” he said awkwardly.

And he certainly doesn't mind kissing Lili on screen. “They’re contractually obliged to give me as many kiss scenes as possible this season,” he joked. “I wrote it into my contract.”

Check out the moment below!

October 17, 2017

Just another gorgeous shot of Lili snapped by Cole.

He captioned this one "410," which was pretty mysterious to fans. Some think it refers to a date, while others think the number is a secret way for Cole to call Lili his angel.

Lili shared another photo from their shoot captioned, "You go first."

September 14, 2017

Cole seems to suggest that Sprousehart is all in fans' heads in an interview with Entertainment Weekly.

“Since the show began, people have wanted Lili and I to be together," Cole told the mag about the impact of Bughead. "People have wanted Lili and Camila to be together. People have wanted KJ and I to be together. People have wanted every actor on this show to be in a union that they could make real. Truthfully, it’s very pleasing that people talk about Lili and I in that way because it means that we’re resonating so strongly that people really want that to be true,” Cole added.

September 13, 2017

Cole and Lili held hands on the cover of Entertainment Weekly. No biggie. (AKA, excuse me while I go cry my eyes out from happiness...)

Entertainment Weekly

August 11, 2017

Cole's TV dad Skeet Ulrich opened up about just how real Cole and Lili's chemistry is with Entertainment Tonight.

"They have great chemistry and they've been at our house with a lot of the Riverdale people and they always enjoy each other's company. So I wish them the best."

Skeet was also asked if the pair share a "special connection" off screen, to which he responded: "It seems like it, yeah. You just hear them talking to each other like they've been best friends for 20 years. So it's a good sign."

July 23, 2017

Eagle-eyed fans spotted Cole and Lili sneakily caressing one another's hands in an interview during Comic Con.

Casey Cott clearly felt the sparks.

The pair were supposedly spotted making out at the event, but pictures or it didn't happen, right? The closest thing we got to real evidence was this fan photo that proves Cole gave Lili his jacket to keep her warm, which is the next best thing, I guess!

June 12, 2017

Lili responded to a ~creative~ thirst trap photo Cole shared on Twitter with major heart eyes.

April 22, 2017

Cole shared another photo of Lili prancing through a flowery field, this time with a gushy, deep caption that fans had no trouble reading into and deciding was a veiled admission of undying love for Lili.

March 18, 2017

Fans were feeling Cole and Lili on screen from the moment Riverdale premiered in January, but the real-life dating rumors didn't start until Cole shared this gorgeous photo of Lili in a field of flowers. Because clearly, it means she's his muse, right?