Netflix Hits ‘Queer Eye’ and ‘Nailed It’ Are Returning for Second Seasons It’s time to bust out the yogurt guacamole and misshapen pirate donuts, because two of Netflix’s best new food-related shows — Queer Eye and Nailed It — are getting picked up for second seasons. The news comes six weeks after the premiere of the lifestyle makeover show and less than three weeks after the debut of the hilarious cooking competition. Vulture notes that Netflix wants to release new episodes of both series by the end of the year.

A reboot of a trend-setting early aughts TV show, Queer Eye introduced audiences to five new lifestyle experts — aka the Fab Five — including culinary aficionado Antoni Porowski. Shortly after the show’s debut, a handful of publications questioned whether or not Porowski, who demonstrated how to make things like grilled cheese and dressed-up hot dogs, actually knew how to cook. The resounding answer to that question is: Yes, Antoni definitely does know how to cook, but also, he shouldn’t have to do culinary backflips on Queer Eye as part of his job. The Fab Five want to instill confidence in the people they work with, and sometimes that involves showing a sad dad how easy it is to mix avocados with Greek yogurt for a light and fabulous party dip. Antoni is clearly not fazed by the haters.

Nailed It, meanwhile, is a game show wherein amateur bakers attempt to recreate elaborate pastry masterpieces in a limited amount of time. The key to the show’s success is largely attributed to the comedic stylings of host Nicole Byer, and her charmed chemistry with judge Jacques Torres. Nailed It celebrates pastry triumphs and colossal kitchen blunders in equal measure.

Nicole Byer and Jaques Torres

Netflix never releases ratings information, but the head of unscripted content, Bela Bajaria, points out that both shows generated great buzz on social media. “All of the cultural conversation and all the social media has increased every week,” Bajaria says, referring to Queer Eye in particular. “And that means people are feeling an emotional connection, and they want to share it. That doesn’t always happen.”

There’s still no word yet on whether or not Netflix’s other big new food series, Ugly Delicious, is getting a second season order, but that seems like an easy green light given the social media response and online chatter. Stay tuned for updates on all of Netflix’s food new food shows as they become available.