Wilmer Valderrama spotted visiting ex Demi Lovato in hospital in LA Wilmer Valderrama was among the first people to visit Demi Lovato in hospital after her suspected drug overdose.

The 38-year-old, who dated the singer for six years, was spotted entering Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles on Wednesday, the day after she was brought in.

Security staff ushered the actor to a staff parking lot, after which he spent two hours by her bedside, E! News reported.

Came running: Wilmer Valderrama was among the first people to visit Demi Lovato in hospital after her drug overdose

A witness told the site he seemed 'very down.'

'He was somber and quiet and you could tell he was in a very serious mood,' the source said. 'He arrived and left by himself.

Sources close to the That 70s Show star, who was Demi's significant other between 2010 and 2016, revealed he was was 'completely devastated' after hearing about her heroin overdose.

He was pictured grabbing dinner with friends in West Hollywood Monday night, just hours before his the grim news broke.

Ex: The 38-year-old, who dated the singer for six years, was spotted entering Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles on Wednesday (pictured February 2016)

'Wilmer is completely devastated and he still loves Demi and it was just a matter of scheduling and time that they needed to make a romantic relationship work,' a source told Us Weekly.

'He was not aware that her issues were this severe and intense at this time.'

The insider continued, 'She's been honest with him about her relapse, as she has with her family, friends, fans and the entire public, especially with her new song, but he didn't think it was this severe and that she would be struggling so much and have a situation that had these repercussions.'

So sad: Wilmer, 38, is reportedly 'completely devastated' over her overdose on Tuesday. He is pictured out on Monday night just hours before the news broke

Still has feelings: 'Wilmer is completely devastated and he still loves Demi and it was just a matter of scheduling and time that they needed to make a romantic relationship work,' a source exclusively told Us Weekly

'Her friends and him are just hoping that she gets better and that she can be great and thrive,' the source added.

It was confirmed on Tuesday afternoon that Demi had been rushed to the hospital after being found unconscious in her Hollywood home.

Her life was reportedly saved thanks to a Narcan shot that was administered by one of her pals.

'One of her friends had Narcan on hand in case something like this happened. Her friends knew this was coming because she's been using so much again,' the insider revealed.

Didn't know: 'He was not aware that her issues were this severe and intense at this time' the insider added

Honesty: 'She's been honest with him about her relapse, as she has with her family, friends, fans and the entire public, especially with her new song, but he didn't think it was this severe and that she would be struggling so much and have a situation that had these repercussions,' the tipster said

'They were up all night partying the night before at her house. Luckily, the Narcan worked and she will recover.'

The source added that Lovato 'had two friends with her at her house and they called 911.'

The former Disney star's health scare comes one month after she revealed in her song Sober that she had relapsed following six years of sobriety.

On Wednesday, E! News reported through sources that Demi was 'very grateful to be alive' and is set to re-enter rehab.

What saved her: Her life was reportedly spared thanks to a Narcan shot that was administered by one of her pals

Demi and Wilmer most recently broke up because of their intense schedules and after realizing she needed to work on herself and that they were better off as friends.

Lovato recalled meeting the actor in 2010 during a recent YouTube interview, and noted that things were not promising early on.

'I've never loved anybody like I loved Wilmer and I still love him,' she said. 'I met him on Jan. 11, 2010. I thought 'I have to have him,' but I was only 17 and he was like, 'Get away from me...When I turned 18 we started dating. I think it was love at first sight, we connected on a level that I've never connected with anybody before, he was just my rock, my everything.'