Pregnant Heidi Montag and husband Spencer Pratt kiss He's just finished working up a sweat on a fun run.

But that didn't put off Heidi Montag, who gave her husband Spencer Pratt a big kiss as he completed the 4th of July Will Rogers run in California's Pacific Palisades.

The pregnant former reality star and her man were decked out for the day in their most patriotic ensembles.

Scroll down for video

On the move: Pregnant Heidi Montag kissed her husband Spencer Pratt on the 4th of July, the day they took part in a 40th Anniversary Palisades Will Rogers run

In Heidi's case this included a baseball cap with the stars and stripes, as well as a white tank top with an American flag emblazoned on the front.

The 30-year-old ex-The Hills star had tied a red, white and blue shirt about the waistband of her blue short shorts, and her red bra showed through her sheer top.

Meanwhile, her 33-year-old husband was in red white and blue as well, having popped on a stars-and-stripes themed hat, a red T-shirt and a navy pair of shorts.

Heidi's tweeted a GIF of a fireworks show, writing: 'Happy 4th of July!' and chucking in an American flag emoji before adding, for good measure: 'God bless America!'

Grand old flag: Her patriotic ensemble in Pacific Palisades included a baseball cap with the stars and stripes, as well as a white tank top with an American flag emblazoned on the front

For his part, Spencer retweeted Bella Thorne, who wrote: 'Happy birthday America. I love you and all that you have given to me,' closing out with a heart emoji.

Heidi and her former The Hills co-star Spencer, whom she's been married to since 2009, revealed she was pregnant by covering Us Weekly together this April.

She rhapsodized to E! News in May: 'Spencer is gonna bring a lot of strength. I think that he's very loving, he's very loyal, he has a great heart, he's very genuine, he's smart, he's set - everything. Spencer's gonna be a really great role model.'

Smiling ear to ear: The 30-year-old ex-The Hills star had tied a red, white and blue shirt about the waistband of her blue short shorts, and her red bra showed through her sheer top

Quick change: The duo were later seen in less festive attire

Heidi went on: 'He's gonna be very active in our son's life. He's excited to do all the sports and really be there, and I really want - just want to give a lot of love.'

In her words to E! News: 'You know, I want our child to just feel so loved and encouraged, and - the mom role, you know, and be the ultimate mom.'

Festive: Heidi's tweeted a GIF of a fireworks show, writing: 'Happy 4th of July!' and chucking in an American flag emoji before adding, for good measure: 'God bless America!'

She's confided that she 'really wanted a boy,' and that though - in his words - Spencer '"did want a little Heidi,"' the father-to-be 'just wants a healthy baby.'

With a laugh, Heidi also revealed in that interview that she is, according to her doctor, 'having one of the top 10 different babies she's ever seen, so I'm like: "Great!"'

The couple appeared on Off The Vine With Kaitlyn Bristowe last month, where Heidi dished that she's 'starting the negotiation' for a second baby with Spencer, whereas he said: 'You haven't even had one yet!' with Kaitlyn giggling in the background.