Pregnant Jessie James Decker shows off her baby bump She is pregnant with her third child with NFL star husband Eric Decker, 30.

And Jessie James Decker showed off her baby bump in a sage green jumpsuit as she attended a signing of her new record at The Grove in Los Angeles on Wednesday.

The singer and reality star, 29, displayed a radiant glow as she promoted Southern Girl City Lights, her second studio album after releasing her debut LP Jessie James in 2009.

Bumping along: Pregnant Jessie James Decker showcased her baby bump in two stylish outfits as she promoted her new album in Los Angeles on Wednesday

The musician swept her hair back and wound it into a ponytail, accessorizing the look with multiple necklaces.

Jessie modeled a pair of black leather boots, posing with her hands in her pockets and beaming for the cameras as she showcased her beautiful bump.

The songstress completed her look with dramatic make-up to accentuate her stunning features.

Jessie has churned out four EPs - two of them earlier this year - in the run-up to Southern Girl City Lights, which dropped last Friday.

Hot mama: The singer and reality star, 29, showed off her bump in a sage green jumpsuit as she attended a signing of her new record at The Grove

Oh baby: The musician swept her hair back and wound it into a ponytail, accessorizing the look with multiple necklaces

Jessie posted a photo of herself at the album signing to Instagram on Wednesday night.

She wrote: 'Thanks to all my cali girls and boys for coming out to the album signing tonight at the grove! Loved all of you #southerngirlcitylights'.

Jessie was also seen stopping by Universal Studios Hollywood on Wednesday to visit the Hallmark Channel show Home And Family.

The Vicenza-born country artist dressed to impress in a stylish sweater dress.

Dressed to impress: Jessie modeled a pair of black leather boots, posing with her hands in her pockets and beaming for the cameras as she showcased her beautiful bump

The mother-of-two's outfit featured maroon and midnight-blue horizontal stripes, and was hemmed above the knee to showcase her toned legs.

With a hand over her bump, Jessie stood for photos at a Home And Family set done up with autumnal decor, including pumpkins and haystacks.

While sat on a couch at Home And Family, she was seen holding a gift from the show - a little baby onesie with the program's name on the front.

The present had been given to her in a wicker basket full of flowers.

Jessie has been married to her husband, NFL wide receiver Eric Decker, since 2013, and they have two children - Vivianne, three, and Eric II, two.

Hard at work: Jessie was also seen stopping by Universal Studios Hollywood on Thursday to visit the Hallmark Channel show Home And Family

Twice as nice: . The Vicenza-born country artist dressed to impress in a stylish sweater dress

Simply beautiful: The songstress completed her look with dramatic make-up to accentuate her stunning features

The singer announced her pregnancy on October 9, posting an Instagram video of her and Eric telling Viv she was about to have another sibling.

The three-year-old was delighted with the news, giggling and clapping and burying her head in her hands.

Eric II stood nearby, ignoring the conversation and sipping a beverage from a straw.

Jessie crowed in her caption: 'Eric and I are so excited to share with y'all that we are expecting baby Decker number 3!'

She wrote: 'As you can see Viv is so happy and Bub doesn't quite know what's going on' - adding a laughing emoji - 'but we are over the moon and feel so blessed and can't wait to meet this little one end of march'.

So sweet: While sat on a couch at Home And Family, Jessie was seen holding a gift from the show - a little baby onesie with the program's name on the front

Building a family: Jessie has been married to her husband, NFL wide receiver Eric Decker, 30, since 2013, and they have two children - Vivianne, three, and Eric II, two

Last week, Jessie revealed to E! News: 'I'm almost four months.'

As for the sex of the baby: 'I'm not going to say but we did just find out and we're very excited about it.'

More children are off the table, with Jessie telling E! News: 'Honestly it's just not a question. I don't want more than three.

'There's nothing wrong with people that have four or five kids, it's just not for us. The fact that we were teeter-tottering on two, I felt like three was probably in the cards.'