Aubrey O'Day shares lingerie snaps amid Trump Jr. divorce drama She's embroiled in Donald Trump Jr.'s divorce drama after their alleged affair in 2012 was exposed.

But Aubrey O'Day is certainly keeping herself busy as she delights her fans on Instagram sharing numerous sexy snaps, including one of her raunchiest yet on Sunday.

In the latest photo the 34-year-old buxom blonde beauty is seen wearing skimpy black lingerie with lacing on the back as she sits cross-legged on her bed.

Scroll down for videos

Peachy! Aubrey O'Day is seen in a sexy lingerie snap as she shared saucy Instagram snaps amid the Donald Trump Jr. drama

'it's sunday. mongolian beef, side of pineapple fried rice.' she captioned the image with a takeout bag seen on the table in front of her.

In another image she shared the day before Aubrey this time faces the camera as she wears an off the shoulder crocheted bikini.

'i always gotta mean hand.' she captioned the post which shows her holding Uno cards.

Meanwhile, on Monday was spotted taking part in a glamorous outdoor photoshoot.

The former member of Danity Kane wore a plunging blue jumpsuit giving a generous glimpse of her cleavage.

The pictures come as it emerged that the alleged brief affair between Aubrey and Donald Trump Jr was more than just a fling.

The 34-year-old singer shared numerous sexy snaps to her Instagram after making headlines that she was allegedly planning a family with Trump Jr.

Blonde bombshell: Aubrey posed for a sultry photoshoot on Monday in Los Angeles as she showed off plenty of cleavage in a blue jumpsuit

US Weekly reports that the two were trying to start a family back in 2012 during their five-month relationship.

'Don told Aubrey he wanted to have a baby with her,' an insider told the magazine.

'They were trying for one.'

At the time of the affair Don Jr had three children and his wife Vanessa was pregnant with her fourth.

O'Day actually wrote on Twitter that she was pregnant shortly after she and Don Jr reportedly split, saying: 'I've been nervous to tell u this tweets, its been 3 1/2 months n hiding..But, I'm PREGNANT! Hope my baby is fearless!'

Purple pup: The singer posed with her dog Ginger too as she modeled a flowing maxi dress

Chilling: The former Danity Kane member sprawled out on a patch of grass for more snaps

She even included an image of a positive pregnancy test as well, though she later revealed it was all a joke.

The magazine also reveals that the relationship between the pair carried on even after the affair was over.

'He'd call Aubrey and leave long voicemails telling her he still loved her over and over,' said the source.

'He'd cry and say he was nervous his wife would take the kids away.'

The article also points out the comments that O'Day made on a 2012 podcast about her romance on the set of Celebrity Apprentice with a mystery man.

'We did a little eye-f***ing thing,' said O'Day of their early flirting, which all culminated with a steamy tryst during the taping of the show's finale.

'I was walking through the hallways and got pulled into this bathroom,' said O'Day.

Split: At the time of the affair, Don Jr and his wife Vanessa had three children and she was pregnant with her fourth (Don Jr and Vanessa with Donnie III and Kai in October 2012)

'He threw me up against the wall and looked at me for, like, two seconds, and then we started making out like crazy.'

O'Day on the other hand made the decision to transform herself from a Marilyn into a Jackie after the split.

In red carpet footage from the launch party of Assassin's Creed III in October 2012, O'Day explained her new look after showing up in an understated gown that was floor-length and revealed no cleavage.

'I'm trying to dress like a politician's wife,' said O'Day.

In addition to replacing her skin-tight mini dresses with more understated attire, O'Day also toned down her hair by going from an electric crimson to a more subtle shade of chestnut blonde.

Protect and serve: Aubrey O'Day posted a photo in March 2012 of her feet being covered by the feet of another man, now thought to be Trump Jr.

This sudden shift came just a few months after O'Day was dumped by Don Jr., who ended the pair's alleged affair after his wife Vanessa allegedly discovered correspondence between the two.

It actually had begun in April, just after Don Jr called it quits, and lasted well into 2013, at which time O'Day then returned to wearing more body-conscious looks.

O'Day's red carpet outing also took place just three days after Don Jr and Vanessa welcomed their fourth child.

Vanessa would soon be pregnant again for the fifth and final time at the end of the following year and give birth in 2014 to daughter Chloe.

A little less than four years after that birth, Vanessa filed for divorce.