Royal Christmas: How are Prince Harry, Meghan, Prince William and Kate celebrating? Updated Dec. 19, 2018, 11:12 a.m. ET

It's Christmas again, the time of year when British royals generally step up their round of good work and cheery public appearances before disappearing to private celebrations, far from prying eyes. This year is no different.

Routine is built into royal life, especially for senior royals such as Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Charles the Prince of Wales, whose busy schedules are usually laid out for them months or years in advance.

Each royal year has a certain rhythm: Easter at Windsor Castle, Trooping the Colour and Royal Ascot in June, the annual eight-week holiday at Balmoral in Scotland in late summer, Remembrance Day in November, and Christmas always at Sandringham House.

Sandringham:

For the past three decades, the queen has hosted her sprawling family at her private estate in Norfolk for the Christmas and New Year holidays. There they exchange cheap gag gifts and sit down to a black-tie Christmas dinner on Christmas Eve.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

On Christmas morning, they have breakfast (the men go downstairs for a hearty "fry up," the women have something light served in their rooms, according to former royal chef Darren McGrady), then gather before 11 a.m. local time to walk to services at nearby St. Mary Magdalene Church. They return for Christmas lunch and then gather around the TV to watch the queen's annual Christmas speech to the nation and the Commonwealth.

(This is required watching for the family as it is the only speech the queen gets to write herself without involvement from the government of the day. It used to be broadcast from Sandringham, starting with her grandfather in 1936, but now she usually records it ahead of time.)

Why Christmas at Sandringham? It's a private country mansion, unlike Windsor Castle, some of which is open to the public. Unlike Windsor, it's about two hours away by train from London and the media, although there is always an organized photo shoot of the family walking to their little church, even Prince Philip, 97. But not the queen; she is usually driven to church.

Most important, Sandringham is much-loved by the queen and her family, including her father and grandfather, both of whom died there.

Last year, Prince Harry and his then-fiancee, Meghan Markle, were among the walkers –an unprecedented honor for her since she had not yet officially joined the family, their May wedding still months away.

Sandringham estate is sprawling (20,000 acres) so it's suitable for the annual Boxing Day (Dec. 26) pheasant shoot that Philip used to be in charge of organizing, although now that he's finally retired from public life, he may have passed that task on to someone else.

Last year, Harry skipped the shoot, reportedly to spare Meghan's animal-rights sympathies, and he may be absent again this year. Harry's mother, the late Princess Diana, also loathed blood sports but from boyhood on, her sons have joined in enthusiastically with their royal relations.

Where does the Cambridge clan spend Christmas?

Prince William and Duchess Kate of Cambridge and their three children, Prince George, 5, Princess Charlotte, 3, and baby Prince Louis, have a country retreat, Anmer Hall, nearby on the estate, gifted to them by the queen.

Their retreat allows them to participate in the Christmas festivities at Sandringham House while also hanging out with their three small children.

Last year, Harry and Meghan stayed with Will and Kate at Anmer Hall for Christmas. This year, when they are expecting their first child in the spring, they are going to be at Sandringham alongside Will and Kate, despite all the tabloid rumor-mongering about alleged tensions between the brothers and their wives.

Sometimes Will and Harry play in a charity soccer match on Christmas Eve, pitting Sandringham staff and estate neighbors.

Will and Kate take Christmas cheer to military families:

The Cambridges went all the way to Cyprus to say Merry Christmas to Royal Air Force families. First, on Dec. 4, they hosted a holiday party at Kensington Palace for families whose loved ones are serving at a British base on the island.

They collected gifts and letters from the children and the next day hopped on a plane to deliver them to the men and women based at RAF Akrotiri, where they attended another Christmas party for troops who will be apart from their families throughout the holiday season.

Kensington Palace's Twitter account quickly filled up with tweets documenting the fun and laughs had by all at both parties.

The following week, the royal pair visited the Evelina London Children’s Hospital, for which Kate is the new royal patron, and the homeless resource center The Passage, where they visited with children and staff in settings decorated for Christmas.

In past years, Kate has also attended the annual Christmas party at one of her older patronages, the Anna Freud National Center for Children and Families, a child mental health research, training and treatment center in London.

Duchess Meghan's Christmas appearance

In keeping with her former career as an actress (USA's "Suits"), she made a solo visit to the Royal Variety Charity’s residential nursing and care home, Brinsworth House in London, on Tuesday to bring holiday cheer to three dozen residents, including singing carols around a Christmas tree.

The Royal Variety Charity, of which the queen is patron, may end up in Meghan's portfolio when the palace announces her royal philanthropic menu next year.

It's a good fit for her, as the charity helps take care of hundreds of retired entertainers who have fallen on hard times due to old age, illness or financial disaster.

The charity is supported in part by the annual Royal Variety Performance in November in London, which Meghan attended this year with Prince Harry.

Camilla's Christmas tradition:

Duchess Camilla of Cornwall, the second wife of Prince Charles, is a big fan of Christmas. Every year in early December she hosts a children's lunch party at Clarence House in London where the kids help her decorate the palace Christmas tree.

“The tree decorating for me is always the start of Christmas," she told reporters the day of the Dec. 6 party this year. "I haven’t thought about it before today, but I come in and see the tree and the children and everything and it just gets me in a Christmas mood."

This year, she took some of the kids outside to meet two reindeer, "Dancer" and "Blitzen," and their handler elves, leading to cute pictures of them all feeding lichen to the not-so-tiny antlered critters.

For the past nine years, the kids and families invited to Camilla's party have been beneficiaries of the Helen & Douglas House hospice center and Roald Dahl's Marvellous Children's Charity, two organizations for which Camilla serves as patron. Every year the organizations help support thousands of children who suffer from chronic illnesses.

The queen's Christmas lunch:

The week before Christmas, the queen hosts a huge festive lunch for her extended family at Buckingham Palace, including those who will not be at Sandringham. This gives the monarch an opportunity to catch up with relatives she might not see regularly during the year.

Last year, Meghan Markle was included, in another sign of how quickly she was accepted into the family ahead of the wedding. Tradition reportedly dictates that the lunch is attended by only relatives and spouses.

On Wednesday, Dec. 19, Meghan was photographed smiling next to Harry as the two drove onto the palace grounds for this year's luncheon. She sported large diamond studs and what appeared to be a top with a high collar.

Her sister-in-law Kate also showed off her pearly whites upon arrival, clad in bright pink. Photographers also captured Prince George peeking through the backseat.

After the lunch, the queen and Prince Philip depart for Sandringham in a first-class carriage of the train leaving from King's Cross Station. Their routine was interrupted (a rarity) in 2016 when, the day after the lunch, Buckingham Palace suddenly announced they had postponed their departure because the two had "heavy colds." They were flown there by helicopter the next day.

The Royal Christmas Cards:

Every year, Prince Charles and Duchess Camilla, Will and Kate, and now Harry and Meghan send out Christmas cards featuring family photos. This year, Charles and Camilla posed on a garden bench at Clarence House, their London home. The Cambridges posed in the branches of a tree in the garden at Anmer Hall.

And Harry and Meghan chose a previously unseen black and white photo of themselves watching the fireworks at Frogmore House after their second wedding reception to adorn their 2018 card.

But it's the card from the queen that counts. Every year, she and Prince Philip send around 750, usually featuring a family photo, to family, friends and members of the Royal Household staff, along with others such as British and Commonwealth prime ministers, governors-general and high commissioners.

Prince Philip usually sends another 200 cards to different regiments and organizations with whom he's long been associated.

The Royal Christmas Gifts:

All members of the Royal Household receive presents from the queen, who personally hands them out to some members of her household staff at Buckingham Palace and at Windsor Castle.

The Royal Christmas Puddings:

Continuing the tradition from her father, King George VI, and her grandfather, George V, the queen also gives out about 1,500 Christmas puddings to her staff in the palaces, in the Court Post Office and the palace police. Each pudding is accompanied by a greeting card from the queen and Prince Philip.

Americans are familiar with "pudding" as a custard treat. A British Christmas pudding, also known as a "plum pudding" or a "figgy pudding," is nothing like that. It's a medieval soft cake-like dessert made of dried fruits held together by egg, suet, treacle or molasses, and flavored with spices such as cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves and ginger.

The Royal Christmas Trees:

The tradition of decorating trees at Christmas was popularized by British royals, specifically Queen Victoria and her German-born husband Prince Albert, both of whom had grown up with the custom. Her German ancestors introduced the idea to the English and her German mother continued it. By the 1860s it was a thing, with hundreds of trees being sold in Covent Garden.

As well as donating money to several charities in Windsor each Christmas, the queen also gives Christmas trees to Westminster Abbey, St. Paul's Cathedral, St. Giles' Cathedral and the Canongate Kirk in Edinburgh. Churches and schools in the Sandringham area will also receive a tree from Her Majesty.

Decorated trees go up at the London palaces, and at Sandringham there's a large silver artificial tree in the dining room decorated by the grandchildren and great-grandchildren, according to former royal chef McGrady, who dished about the tradition in an interview with Good Housekeeping.



