'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt': Jon Hamm, Amy Sedaris to Return Before “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt” goes away for good, the streaming sitcom is bringing back some familiar, famous and fan-friendly faces.

Netflix announced the guest star line up for the sitcom’s final run — its fourth season — on Thursday, which includes the returns of Jon Hamm, Amy Sedaris, Mike Carlsen, Zosia Mamet and Derek Klena. Busy Philipps, Greg Kinnear, Bobby Moynihan and Aidy Bryant will also join series regulars Ellie Kemper, Tituss Burgess, Jane Krakowski and Carol Kane.

Read below for the official descriptions of some of the guest-centric episodes.

Episode 401: Greg Kinnear plays himself in the first episode — sort of. As he drops his son off at school, Kinnear unwittingly gets caught up in an elaborate Titus scheme to win back his ex-boyfriend Mikey… which brings us to the next guest appearance in this episode: Mike Carlsen, who plays the recently out construction worker.

Episode 403: Jon Hamm will reprise his role as Kimmy’s kidnapper Reverend Richard Wayne Gary Wayne, who is currently serving a life sentence in prison in Indiana. A friend from his DJ days visits — Douglas, aka DJ Fingablast, played by guest star Derek Klena. Bobby Moynihan will also appear as men’s rights activist Fran Dodd, who leads the resistance on “the war on men” trying to free the Reverend.

Moynihan isn’t the only “Saturday Night Live” alum to appear in the episode: Aidy Bryant will play the Reverend’s ex-girlfriend Tabby Bobatti, who lived with the kidnapper the whole time Kimmy was kept underground.

Episode 405: “Girls” star Zosia Mamet returns as the hipster Sue Thompsteen in the fifth episode as she gets wrapped up in a scam by Jacqueline and Lillian. Moynihan will again appear in this episode.

Episode 406: Amy Sedaris reprises her role as Jacqueline’s divorced friend Mimi Kanassis, jumping at the opportunity to become Jacqueline’s assistant. Busy Phillips will also appear as Sheba Goodman, Artie Goodman (Peter Riegert)’s daughter trying to turn over a new leaf.

“Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt” is executive produced by creators Tina Fey and Robert Carlock with Jeff Richmond and David Miner. It is produced by Universal Television, Little Stranger Inc., 3 Arts Entertainment and Bevel Gears for Netflix.

The first six episodes of Season 4 will drop on Netflix May 30. The remaining seven episodes will launch at to-be-announced date.