Camilla Luddington reveals struggle to conceal baby bump She's going to be a new mom in real life.

But Camilla Luddington's Grey's Anatomy character is far from being pregnant and that proved to be a bit of a challenge on set. The 33-year-old actress recently revealed the difficulties with hiding her bump in an new interview with Fit Pregnancy and Baby magazine.

And the beauty also said the child is already a fan of Beyonce's music. 'Whenever Beyoncé plays, I feel her kick,' the star said.

Camilla Luddington, 33, discusses some of the challenges she's faced on the Grey's Anatomy set while pregnant in an interview with Fit Pregnancy and Baby magazine

Working mom! Camilla, who is due next month, says it's been a challenge to hide her growing bump

Camilla, who graces the cover of the March issue, says she's been having a hard time not revealing her pregnancy while playing Jo Wilson on the popular medical drama.

'My character on the show, as of right now, is not pregnant, so I have to make sure I don't rub my belly on camera,' she explained. 'When I start rubbing, which I do mindlessly, the director points to her belly, and I know to stop.'

She continued: 'On Scandal, Kerry Washington is able to block her own belly with elaborate outfits and gorgeous bags. For me, there's only so much you can do in scrubs, aside from carrying an iPad.'

Excited mom! Besides her struggles on set, the soon-to-be new mom is excited to meet her new little girl and loves feeling her grow

Besides her struggles on set, the soon-to-be new mom is excited to meet her new little girl and loves feeling her grow.

'I know the baby can hear at this point, so we have jam sessions during my commute. I think she really loves Beyoncé—and I love her even more for that,' she explained.

The actress continued: 'Whenever Beyoncé plays, I feel her kick. I just can't tell if it's a "Yes! I love Beyoncé!" kick or a "Please, God, stop singing along" kick.'

Early challenges: But it wasn't all fun and excitement for the actress who admits, she had a hard time when she first got pregnan

But it wasn't all fun and excitement for the actress who admits, she had a hard time when she first got pregnant.

'My first trimester was tough,' she admits. 'I felt lied to, because I always imagined myself as the type of pregnant woman who would do yoga and drink rejuvenating smoothies.'

But that wasn't the case: 'Those plans went out the window. I couldn't walk the dogs around the block without needing a nap, and I couldn't eat anything other than bagels and cream cheese.'

'My first trimester was tough': The actress admits she had a hard time with her energy levels when she first got pregnant

She also tried to exercise during the first few months and just couldn't get herself to do that either, but it was not for lack of trying.

'Two months in, despite feeling ill, I said, 'Screw it, I'm going to work out.' Matt [her husband] and I went to a private Pilates class, and afterward, in the parking lot, I threw up all over his feet.'

She decided to give herself a break and listen to her body's limits.

Coming soon! The actress is set to welcome her baby girl in April

The actress, who's mother passed away when she was 19 years old, says she wants to pass on some of the lessons she learned from her mom.

'Because of my mom, I don't need to be validated by anybody else, and I want my daughter to have that too.'

Grey's Anatomy airs Thursdays at 8pm on ABC.