Caitlyn Jenner is 'disappointed' at Kylie's 'pregnancy' Her youngest daughter is reportedly expecting a baby girl with her boyfriend of five months Travis Scott.

And Caitlyn Jenner is reportedly 'shocked and disappointed' with the news of Kylie Jenner's alleged pregnancy.

A source told Hollywood Life: 'She thinks Kylie is way too young to have a baby, and that she should have waited until she was in a long term committed relationship.

Scroll down for video

Claim: Caitlyn Jenner is reportedly 'shocked and disappointed' with the news of Kylie Jenner's alleged pregnancy, saying at 20 she is 'too young' for the responsibility of a baby

Bumping along? A source said: 'She thinks Kylie is way too young to have a baby, and that she should have waited until she was in a long term committed relationship (above, Kylie sheathed her stomach as she stepped out at the iHeart Radio Festival in Las Vegas on Saturday)

'Obviously, Kylie has more than enough money to ensure that she can pay for help but Caitlyn still thinks that having a baby will take a huge toll on Kylie's life.'

The source added that the reality star is worried about the future of Kylie and Travis' relationship and would have preferred her to wait for children.

They said: 'Caitlyn is concerned that Kylie and Travis really haven't been dating very long, and that a baby will put a big strain on their relationship, but Kylie believes the opposite - that she and Travis will be together forever.'

A source added to Us Weekly in a Tuesday article that Caitlyn was 'excited' and 'supportive' of Kylie's pregnancy but also was concerned about how young she is and how it could hurt her lucrative makeup business.

Drama: The source added that the reality star is worried about the future of Kylie and Travis' relationship and would have preferred her to wait for children (pictured with sister Kendall in June)

Concern: They said: 'Caitlyn is concerned that Kylie and Travis really haven't been dating very long, and that a baby will put a big strain on their relationship, but Kylie believes the opposite - that she and Travis will be together forever'

MailOnline has contacted her representatives for comment.

Only adding to the fraught situation, it was then reported that Caitlyn was not told of the news personally, and instead read about it online - which she immediately denied.

A source revealed to The Sun Online: 'Caitlyn had to find out that Kylie was pregnant just like everyone else — from the internet.

'She was heartbroken that her own daughter wouldn't confide something so serious to her first.'

Close: Only adding to the fraught situation, it was then reported that Caitlyn was not told of the news personally, and instead read about it online - which she immediately denied

Upsetting: A source had reported: 'She was heartbroken that her own daughter wouldn't confide something so serious to her first', but her reps confirmed this as untrue

Yet, the source added that Kylie had delayed telling Caitlyn as she was concerned about how she would take the news.

The insider added: 'The fact is, Kylie was just worried about Caitlyn's reaction and then the news leaked out much quicker than she expected - before she had the chance to speak to her.'

However a representative for Caitlyn confirmed this story as untrue, when approached by MailOnline.

Tease: Kylie Jenner stole the limelight again on Monday, as she flashed a peek of her rumoured 'baby bump' in a skintight black top in a Snapchat video

Having fun? The reality star, 20, sent fans into overdrive as she larked around in the clip with best friend Jordyn Woods - who she threw a lavish Malibu birthday party for over the weekend

No official confirmation of the Lip Kit founder's pregnancy has been given as yet with sister Kim Kardashian and mother Kris Jenner dodging the subject

Kylie appeared to tease her millions of followers on Sunday as she shared a snap of her flashing her stomach on Instagram as the rumour mill continued to churn.

Kylie- who has been dating Travis since April - shared the tummy-teasing photo alongside her BFF Jordyn Wood and a giraffe as she marked her pal's birthday.

Hitting back: Kylie appeared to tease her millions of followers on Sunday as she shared a snap of her flashing her stomach on Instagram as the rumour mill continued to churn

According to TMZ, the E! reality star is said to be four-months pregnant yet her latest social media posting kept fans guessing.

Looking in admiration towards her bestie - who turned 20 on Saturday - the raven-haired beauty held onto her waist while her red joggers were slung low on her hips to display what appeared to be a flat stomach according to her 97.9million followers.

Captioning the picture, she wrote: 'Yesterday was cute. hope you had the happiest of birthdays Jordy. Love you forever ever and beyond...'.

Later, the social media sensation posted a shot of her fresh face from the interior of one of her many luxury rides, keeping her controversy churning belly out of sight.

Riding high! Later, the social media sensation posted a shot of her fresh face from the interior of one of her many luxury rides

Out of sight, out of mind! In the car selfies the teen dream kept her controversy churning belly out of sight

Claims: Kylie added further fuel to the pregnancy speculation as she showed off her tummy in a skintight black top

MailOnline have contacted Kylie Jenner's rep for comment.

Unable to contain their suspicions, many of her loyal fanbase flooded her comments declaring that her latest photo meant she was far from expecting in five months time.

One simply posted under the photo that was taken on Friday: 'I don't see no bump.'

According to TMZ , the E! reality star is said to be four-months pregnant with her rapper-beau Travis Scott

'Where's the baby?' another shared. 'Guess she wanted to prove she's not preggo'.

Another fan passionately wrote: 'Doesn't look like Kylie's pregnant to me! Knew she wasn't all along...'.

While many shared: 'She's not pregnant', 'she's not preggo' and 'she ain't pregnant'.

Other's questioned whether she was playing up to the speculation: 'She be playing with us'.

Speculation: Unable to contain their suspicions, many of her loyal fanbase flooded her comments declaring that her figure looked far from that of a pregnant woman in her new snap

'Belly?????? Idk!!!! Why does she play us like this?' a fan posted. 'She is not that dumb to get get pregnant, she fooling y'all and laughing at everyone'.

Despite the outcries of fans insisting she isn't with child, others claimed the photo was old while another claimed that you don't show in the first four months.

'This picture is a old stop fronting show the belly,' one claimed. 'This picture is from a while back'

'At 4 months you don't show very much. It's still possibly.'

Suspicion: Despite the outcries of fans insisting she isn't with child, others claimed the photo was old while another claimed that you don't show in the first four months

Before another shared: 'Ah! Well would you look at that! A glimpse of the tummy...but only TIME will be the truth folks!'

The picture comes after she surprised her best gal pal Jordyn with an over-the-top celebration which included gifting her a 2017 black metallic Mercedes-Benz AMG GLE 63 Coupe.

In awe of her generous friend, the model could be heard crying 'Oh my God' as Kylie presented her generous present for all to see on Snapchat during their trip to the Malibu Wine Safari.

Surprise: The picture comes after she surprised her best gal pal Jordyn with an over-the-top celebration which included gifting her a 2017 black metallic Mercedes-Benz AMG GLE 63 Coupe

Celebrations: In awe of her generous friend, the model could be heard crying 'Oh my God' as Kylie presented her generous present for all to see on Snapchat during their trip to the Malibu Wine Safari

Meanwhile, Kylie's furore online comes after her inner circle are reportedly 'very concerned' about her having a child.

A source told People that her family 'think Kylie is too young to have a baby.'

The insider's said of the reality star, whose baby-daddy is purportedly her boyfriend Travis Scott: 'Kylie is very naive.'

'Too young to have a baby': The furore online comes after her inner circle are reportedly 'very concerned' about her having a child

As this source pointed out: 'Spending time with other people's kids is obviously completely different than being a mom 24/7. Kylie of course has no idea about all the hard work and sleepless nights.'

The source said that during her relationship with her ex 'Tyga, whenever things were good, Kylie said she wanted a baby. Between spending lots of time with her nieces and nephews, and being around Tyga's son, she claimed she was ready.'

Meanwhile, 'Her family would beg her to protect herself. They were very concerned.'

Seen this April: The insider's said of the 20-year-old, whose baby-daddy is purportedly her boyfriend Travis Scott: 'Kylie is very naive'

Tyga, 27, has a four-year-old son called King Cairo by none other than Blac Chyna, who's since also had a daughter by Kylie's half-brother Rob Kardashian.

Travis, 25, has been dating Kylie since this April - the same month she and Tyga had publicly announced that they'd broken up.

The pregnancy story was broken on Friday by TMZ, which reported that Kylie's boyfriend Travis Scott is the father.

People claimed that day that Kylie's baby - allegedly a girl - is due in February.

Spotted in May: Kylie, who owns two lavish homes in Hidden Hills, has yet to publicly confirm the pregnancy herself, as has Travis

A source had gossiped then that Kylie and Travis 'started telling friends a few weeks ago. The family has known for quite some time. She is really excited and so is Travis.'

Kylie, who owns two lavish homes in Hidden Hills, has yet to publicly confirm the pregnancy herself, as has Travis.

Nor have Kylie's parents Kris and Caitlyn Jenner - as well as Kylie's sister Kendall Jenner and four Kardashian half-siblings - confirmed the rumor outright.