Eva Longoria is heartbroken as her beloved dog Jinxy passes away in her arms after a stroke Eva Longoria has said goodbye to her dog Jinxy.

The 43-year-old actress revealed on Friday that she'd cradled the pup in her arms as he died at the vets on Thursday after suffering a stroke at the grand age of 15.

'So the day I've been dreading happened last night. Jinxy passed away in my arms at the vet. He had a stroke that he just couldn’t come back from.' she wrote next to an image of her tearfully gazing down at the maltese.

'My baby': Eva Longoria said goodbye to her dog Jinxy on Thursday night after the little Maltese had a stroke

'He was 15 years old (96 in dog years) and he filled those years with lots of love and laughter. He was my baby before this baby in my belly came along. I’m so sad but know that he’s out of his suffering. Anyone who knew me, knew Jinxy. He will be missed by many. I love you Jinxy'.

Eva, who is heavily pregnant with her first child, shared an album of 10 photos of precious memories with Jinxy over the years.

The Overboard star also has a grey French bulldog named Popeye.

Constant companion: The actress shared a total of 10 photos of Jinxy showing some of her favorite memories with the pup

Dog lover: Eva, 43, also has grey French bulldog Popeye

Eva is ready to welcome her son with husband Jose Baston any day now.

The Desperate Housewives beauty first met the 50-year-old Televisa president through a mutual friend back in 2013, and they wed two years ago.

'Oh my god, [I feel] horrible. I have to pee right now and I just peed. I'm tired. Everything hurts. I can do one thing a day. I'm exhausted,' the mother-to-be said on an episode of Conan last month.

'Anyone who knew me, knew Jinxy. He will be missed by many. I love you Jinxy' Eva wrote in her heartbreaking Instagram post

'He's beyond kicking. He's, like, doing flamenco on my bladder. He, like, moves [around]!'

The Golden Globe nominee also revealed that since being pregnant, she no longer craves chicken, coffee, or wine.

Eva is also stepmother to Jose's three children - Natalia, 22; and twins Mariana & Jose, 14 - from his first marriage to Natalia Esperón.

Ready to pop! Eva is ready to welcome her son with husband Jose Baston any day now