Kelly and Ryan tear up as she reveals dyslexic son gets As She's been worried about her youngest son since he started high school in September because of his dyslexia.

But Kelly Ripa couldn't help getting weepy when she shared that Joaquin, 14, is getting straight As despite his condition on ABC's Live With Kelly And Ryan on Wednesday.

And the sight of the 47-year-old mom tearing up set co-host Ryan Seacrest off too.

So emotional: Kelly Ripa and co-host Ryan Seacrest get weepy as she talks about how well her dyslexic 14-year-old son Joaquin is doing at school, on their show on Wednesday

He grabbed a couple of tissues from a box on their table and they both dabbed at their eyes.

The couple got emotional as Kelly talked about a recent parent-teacher meeting at Joaquin's school, where students are allowed to be present.

'A lot of you that watch the show know he has dyslexia, so school has always been a very big challenge for us in our household,' Kelly revealed.

Reaching out: The 47-year-old mom held Ryan's arm as she told a story about her son's school parent-teacher meeting when she learned that Joaquin had got straight As

Which is why the proud mum couldn't help crying when Joaquin's teacher revealed how well he was doing.

Kelly continued saying Joaquin was 'laughing so hard at me crying because I think it made him so uncomfortable. I said, "I’m so proud of you.” '

Kelly, who also shares Michael, 20, and Lola, 16, with husband Mark Consuelos, 46, then recounted a story from Joaquin’s first grade book fair.

Trying to hold it together: The celebrity flapped at her face in an attempt to stop the emotion overwhelming her as she talked about her boy, while Ryan put an arm on her back

Proud mom: Kelly continued saying Joaquin was 'laughing so hard at me crying because I think it made him so uncomfortable. I said, "I’m so proud of you” '

'He was showing us everybody else’s books. He didn’t want us to see his book,' said the star as she fought back tears. 'So anyway, I’m proud of him.'

That set off Ryan. He choked up as he called Kelly and Mark his role models adding: 'I see the way you handle career, and most importantly family . . . and it’s so impressive.

'I am inspired by it, and anybody who knows you and watches you agrees. When my mom cries, it makes me cry, so when you cry, it makes me cry,' he gushed.

Such as cute 'do: Kelly sported corn-row-style plaits in her blonde hair