Inside Gisele Bündchen's BAFFLING diet Gisele Bündchen eats meat just twice a month, consumes only goat and sheep cheese, and drinks beet juice when she is menstruating - but the supermodel doesn't believe she is particularly strict when it comes to her diet.

In her new book, Lessons: My Path to a Meaningful Life, the 38-year-old describes in detail the whole-food, plant-based diet that her entire family follows thanks to their personal chef, Susan, who comes to their home five days a week.

After oil-pulling and meditating first thing in the morning, Gisele says she begins her days with a glass of lukewarm water combined with half a lemon.

Role model: Gisele Bündchen has opened up about her whole-food, plant based diet

Epitome of health: The 38-year-old model's diet consists mainly of vegetables, fruits, legumes, and whole grains, with the occasional piece of meat or fish

For breakfast, she makes her children, Benjamin, eight, and Vivian, five, 'gluten-free toast with almond butter and honey, or eggs with sliced avocado, or a bowl of cut-up apples and berries with coconut yogurt.'

If she doesn't end up nibbling on their breakfasts, she likes to have a glass of green juice while making her kids' lunches.

Gisele's typical juice recipe includes celery, cucumbers, half of a red or green apple, turmeric, ginger, lemon juice, and sometimes she adds kale or beets.

Juicy read: Gisele wrote about her lifestyle in her new book, Lessons: My Path to a Meaningful Life

'If I'm having period, I'll often just do beets and lemon for extra iron and vitamin C,' she explains.

However, she will opt for a smoothie made up of fresh or frozen berries, some cacao, hemp seed, flax seed, chia seed, and a 'splash' of coconut milk if she has a grueling workout planned that day.

Depending on how she is feeling, she also sometimes adds banana, almond butter, or protein powder to the mix.

For lunch, she typically has a salad with seed crackers and avocado or a bowl of soup with chickpeas and vegetables. In the summer, she likes to make homemade springs rolls with tahini sauce.

The majority of their meals consist of 'raw or lightly steamed vegetables, fruits, legumes, and whole grains, with the occasional small piece of meat or seafood added into the mix.'

After dinner, Gisele says she likes to make chamomile tea for her and her kids, but she tries not to drink anything when she is eating.

She explains her mother taught her and her sisters 'that it's too hard on the digestive system,' so she refrains from drinking during meals. After she is done eating, she waits at least 30 minutes before having any liquids.

Looking back: In her book, Gisele reveals she took her husband, Tom Brady, and his friend Kevin to a raw, organic vegan restaurant in New York just a few weeks after she met

Influence: The 41-year-old New England Patriots quarterback drastically changed his diet after Gisele hired them a personal chef while he was recovering from an ACL injury in 2007

Gisele says she is 'such a big snacker,' but she opts for nuts and hummus with veggies instead of processed snacks like chips and crackers.

Although Gisele and her husband, Tom Brady, 41, are widely believed to lead gluten- and dairy-free lifestyles, she says that's not the case.

'I happen to love eating goat cheese and sheep cheese, though I have stayed away from cow dairy ever since I had a test that showed I have an intolerance to it,' she explains.

At home, they drink homemade coconut milk (her favorite) as well as almond milk and hemp milk.

Gisele insists that when friends come over for dinner, she will serve a cheese platter with nuts and honey.

'Not five pounds of cheese, mind you, but a small portion—a Midnight Moon, a Manchego, and maybe some cashew cheese,' she says.

The avocado to her toast: While Gisele credits herself with getting Tom to eat better, she notes that he is so dedicated to being healthy their 'preferences came together naturally.'

Schedule: Gisele admits she tried to be a vegetarian on two separate occasions but ended up developing anemia. She now has meat twice a month and fish once a week

'I think it's difficult to deprive yourself of something you love, and I happen to love cheese. I just eat it sparingly.'

She and her family will occasionally eat organic, whole grain wheat, and they have pasta about once a week. However, it is usually gluten-free rice pasta or quinoa pasta because she thinks it 'tastes better than wheat pasta anyway.'

Gisele, who says she is 'not too strict' with her diet, claims to have quite the sweet tooth, though most of their 'desserts are a blend of avocado and coconut,' which she believes are the best fats she and her family can eat.

They use fresh honey and dates to sweeten things, but she admits to loving dark chocolate.

'I have chocolate every day, even if it's only a bite; and if I have PMS, it's going to be way more than a bite,' she explains.

Interestingly enough, she says she always has a small dessert after lunch.

Slim secret? The model refrains from drinking during meals because 'it's too hard on the digestive system': After she's done eating, she waits at least 30 minutes before having liquids

Start of her day: After having a glass of lukewarm water combined with half a lemon, Gisele says she likes to have a green juice for breakfast

They all love it! Back in 2015, Gisele shared this sweet photo of her now five-year-old daughter, Vivian, sipping on some of her green juice

Gisele also says she loves thin-crust pizza with 'very little cheese, typically burrata.' Of course, she isn't eating any old pizza.

A family friend who owns a chain of pizzerias that uses 'high-quality Italian ingredients' will send them batches to make 'on those special Saturday nights.'

The mother-of-two likes to take everyone's leftover crusts and dip them in French butter, another one of her weaknesses.

'You don't find me standing in the kitchen at one a.m. devouring ice cream, but once I start eating French butter, I just can't stop,' she confesses.

As for alcohol, Gisele says she doesn't indulge very often, but when she does, she will have a glass of red wine or two on special occasions.

Every now and then she will also have a margarita while on vacation. She stresses that she has nothing against drinking; she just doesn't like how it makes her feel the next morning.

Routine: Gisele's typical juice recipe includes celery, cucumbers, half of a red or green apple, turmeric, ginger, and lemon juice, but she'll do just beets and lemon if she is menstruating

Model behavior: Gisele is also a fan of fasting, but she insists it doesn't have anything to do with weight loss. She says detoxing gives her 'clarity and more energy'

Fit inside and out: In addition to her extremely healthy diet, Gisele gets acupuncture as well as intravenous shots of vitamins from her doctor twice a year

Although they are now known for their incredibly healthy diets, Gisele and Tom weren't always as health conscious. In fact, Gisele says Tom used to eat whatever was in his football team's cafeteria before she got him eating healthy.

The mother-of-two took Tom and his friend Kevin to a raw, organic vegan restaurant in New York just a few weeks after she met the New England Patriots quarterback.

However, their diets didn't drastically change until Tom suffered an ACL injury in 2007. While he was recuperating in Los Angeles, Gisele met a a caterer who delivered healthy organic food to a photo shoot she was working.

She asked him if he would be interested in working for them, and he started delivering food to their home three times a week.

'Once Tom started eating clean, delicious organic foods, he felt much better, and it wasn't too hard for him to give up his old diet,' she explains. 'We both decided that we wanted to keep eating this way, even after we returned to Boston.'

While Gisele credits herself with getting Tom to eat better, she notes that he is so dedicated to being healthy their 'preferences came together naturally.'

Misconceptions: Although Gisele and Tom are widely believed to lead gluten- and dairy-free lifestyles, she says that's not the case

Splurges: Gisele says she and her family will occasionally eat organic, whole grain wheat. She also loves goat and sheep cheese

Much like Tom, she wasn't always the healthy eater that she is now. In her book, she recalls eating meat almost every day when she was growing up in the south of Brazil.

As an animal lover, she admits that she tried and failed to be a vegetarian twice before realizing she needs to incorporate some meat into her diet.

During her first attempt at vegetarianism, which lasted a year and a half, Gisele says she became 'extremely anemic' and 'felt tired all the time.'

She noticed her fingernails were flaky and the skin beneath her eyes was white instead of pink. When she spoke with her doctor, he advised her to reintroduce meat into her diet.

A few years later, Gisele became for a vegetarian for a second time, but she only lasted ten months before getting anemic again.

'Currently I eat meat twice a month, and seafood once a week. I pay careful attention to the source of my meat and the types of fish I eat,' she explains, noting that she and her family make a point to eat smaller fish because her doctor told her that larger fish contain greater concentrations of mercury.

Although Gisele loves to cook, she says she doesn't have time because of her busy schedule. Their personal chef, Susan, comes to their home five days a week to cook healthy, seasonal meals for them.

All planned out: The couple's personal chef, Susan, comes to their home five days a week to cook healthy, seasonal meals for them

Sweet tooth: Gisele says most of their 'desserts are a blend of avocado and coconut.' She also loves dark chocolate and has it daily

She even helps Gisele's children plant vegetables and herbs in their garden. After leaning that bees are dying because of pesticides, she and Tom decided to get two hives.

For Gisele, it's not just about what she eats, but it is about when and how she eats it.

The couple, who prefer to eat seasonally, are members of a local community-supported agriculture farm, which provides them with a box vegetables and fruits that are in season.

In the summer, she eats more salads and raw foods, including fruits and vegetables, while in the winter, she has heartier meals such as hot soups and root vegetables.

The mother-of-two says she is also a 'big believer' in small portions and mindful eating, though she used to feel guilty for leaving any food on her plate.

'It's really hard on your digestion to take in a lot of food all at once,' she said, noting that if she is still really hungry, she knows she can always have more.

Her mother always taught her to chew her food, at least 20 times. While she is still trying to eat as slowly and thoughtfully as her mom does, Gisele says her her goal is 'to turn every meal into a form of meditation.'

No picky eaters here! Gisele says her children like to eat vegetables because they were raised eating plant-based foots

Not anymore! Before she got married and had children, Gisele used to go on on silent meditation retreats where she would be on a juice fast for three or four days

Family photo: Gisele is also stepmom to Tom's 11-year-old son Jack (right), his only child with Bridget Moynahan

In addition to her extremely healthy diet, Gisele takes vitamin C, a B multivitamin, and vitamin D. She also gets acupuncture as well as intravenous shots of vitamins from her doctor twice a year.

Gisele is also a fan of fasting, but she insists it doesn't have anything to do with weight loss. Twice a week, she likes to wait until lunch to eat, even if she is working out.

She will do a liquid fast when she is sick, and once a year she will go a month without consuming any sugar, including fruit sugar and the sugars from grains and alcohol.

Before she got married and had children, Gisele used to go on on silent meditation retreats where she would be on a juice fast for three or four days. She insists detoxing gives her 'clarity and more energy.'

Although she will still do the occasional juice cleanse, she doesn't do them in the winter because she believes the body needs energy and fats to combat the cold.

'But I don't do fasts as a form of weight control,' she says. 'I maintain my weight through my lifestile. I eat clean, and I drink a lot of water and tea throughout the day.

'Whether I'm eating or exercising, it's all about gaining energy and clarity while re-centering myself.

'We are what we eat!'