Ayesha Curry is mercilessly trolled on Twitter Ayesha Curry was mercilessly trolled after posting a message on Twitter following the Golden State Warrior's loss on Sunday night.

She's become known for her controversial tweets, but after the Cleveland Cavaliers claimed a 93-89 victory, Steph Curry's wife was surprisingly contrite.

In a message posted shortly after Game 7 of the NBA Finals ended, she wrote that she was 'proud' of the players and described the season as 'insane.'

But despite remaining neutral, the 27-year-old mother-of-two was mocked relentlessly by basketball fans.

Some took the opportunity to replace Steph in a Curry family photo with LeBron James while others unsurprisingly got creative with the infamous crying Michael Jordan meme.

Scroll down for video

Ayesha Curry was mercilessly trolled after posting this message on Twitter after the Golden State Warriors lost on Sunday night

One troll Photoshopped LeBron James into a family picture featuring Ayesha Curry and her daughter

'Proud of our men!' Ayesha Curry had said. 'That was an insane season. Can't deny it. Proud proud proud. Heart. Fight and Passion.'

One person commented: 'That's not what you really wanted to say.'

It was a reference to her social media outburst during Thursday night's Game 6 declaring the result was 'rigged' after her husband was thrown from the court for the first time in his career.

Ayesha tweeted that her husband's ejection was part of a plot to 'rig' the outcome to force a Game 7 'for money or ratings.'

'I've lost all respect sorry this is absolutely rigged for money... Or ratings in not sure which,' she tweeted near the end of the game, which the Warriors lost 115-101 to the Cavaliers. 'I won't be silent. Just saw it live sorry.'

'That's not what you really wanted to say,' one person commented, referencing her earlier social media outburst declaring Game 6 was 'rigged'

A picture of Steph and Ayesha Curry was edited to show the NBA star kissing a crying Michael Jordan

Crying Michael Jordan was also Photoshopped on a picture of Curry in his Golden State Warriors jersey

Not surprisingly, many pulled out the crying Michael Jordan meme in a bid to mock Ayesha Curry

She later deleted the tweet, saying it was a 'heat of the moment' missive because the call was 'uncalled for' - however, it had already been shared more than 84,00 times.

In his anger, Curry hurled his mouthpiece into the son of a part-owner of the Cavaliers who was sitting in the front row.

But in a post-game conference, he addressed his wife's outburst - and joked that he may need to cut the Wi-Fi in their house for the championship game.

'I get asked about it and what's between me and Ayesha is the conversations about what happened, that's gonna be handled,' he said.

Others made note of Father's Day with memes that had LeBron playing the role of Curry's father

'That doesn't take any spotlight of what my job is on the floor and what these next 48 minutes are going to be like in Game 7. So that's kind of all I'm worried about. I might have to cut the WiFi off at my house though.'

On Sunday night, LeBron James led the Cavaliers to their first NBA title and ended a 52-year championship drought.

With Curry and fellow Splash Brother Klay Thompson off all night, the Warriors capped the greatest collapse ever in the NBA Finals instead of the most successful season in league history with a 93-89 loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 7 on Sunday night.

The record-setting 73 wins in the regular season, Curry's unanimous MVP and the memorable comeback in the conference finals will all be a footnote now after the Warriors became the first team ever to lose the NBA Finals after taking a 3-1 series lead.

'It wasn't easy what we accomplished, and it's not an easy pill to swallow what we didn't accomplish,' Curry said.

Curry only scored 17 points in Game 7 after a regular season in which he became the only player in NBA history to average at least 30 points while being a member of the 50-40-90 club.

Throughout the competitive series, the league MVP averaged 23.5 points per game, which is down almost eight points from his regular season total.

'It will haunt me for a while because it means a lot to me to try to lead my team and do what I need to do on the court and big stages,' Curry said. 'Done it before. Didn't do it tonight.'

Golden State Warriors player Stephen Curry (bottom) sits on floor in the second half of their NBA Finals Game 7 at Oracle Arena in Oakland on Sunday