Game of Thrones season 8 spoilers: Daenerys Targaryen’s heartbreaking sacrifice revealed? Emilia Clarke on EMBARRASSING Game of Thrones audition 1769453242diyGpoOs

Now the hit HBO series has overtaken the George R.R. Martin novels that is based upon, fans have gone into overdrive trying to work out how the show will conclude.

The Game of Thrones season seven finale saw Jon Snow (played by Kit Harington) and Daenerys Targaryen (Emilai Clarke) enjoy a steamy romp after they believed Cersei Lannister (Lena Headey) had promised to help them defeat the Night King (Vladimir Furdik). Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

However, Cersei has chosen to betray the pair in the hope that they will be killed and she can continue to rule Westeros in peace.

Following her betrayal, fans have begun to speculate about how Jon and Daenerys will cope without her help.

One in particular has theorised that they will have to make a huge sacrifice in order to safe the country. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Reddit user luimonade, noted: “The series has always been about one simple premise: the parallels of life (what must exist) and death (what threatens the balance, magic), each one represented by a character. Each one a parallel of the other.” Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

They explained that Deanerys appears to represent life and fire. Her character has always been viewed as a mother figure.

Meanwhile, Jon represents death and ice. His storyline has revolved around the threat of the White Walkers and he has become the one leading the crusade to fight against them.

The user goes on to explain that the characters have always been destined to meet and following their night of passion, they could have a baby.

Luimonade continued: “The last time the representations of life (Azor Ahai) and death (Nissa) “created” something, was a “power” (Lightbringer) able to defeat the while walkers.

Game of Thrones season 8 spoilers: Daenerys Targaryen’s heartbreaking sacrifice revealed?

Game of Thrones season 8 spoilers: Will Daenerys and Jon sacrifice their unborn baby?

“The twist: the White Walkers’ ultimate goal has always been to stop/kill Daenerys and Jon’s baby.

"They knew from the start this being would exist in the future, and that it represents the power to defeat them all, somehow.

“The series has had these three stories (Jon’s, Dany’s and the White Walkers/Night King’s) advancing since the beginning to meet at this point.”

They theorised that the final season will therefore see Daenerys and Jon have a bittersweet ending.

Luimonade suggested the baby will be sacrificed in order to end the White Walker and Night King threat.

Game of Thrones season 8 spoilers: Will Jon Snow be killed again?

Or Jon will be forced to take death’s side and he will not be allowed to live with Daenerys.

They explained: “There’s only “what must exist” and death must cease to exist in this world and Dany and the baby are safe.”

If the theory turns out to be true then fans are certainly in for an emotional ride.

But could Jon really sacrifice his own child for the good of Westeros?