Rapper Smoke Dawg Dies at 21 in Toronto Shooting A shooting outside of a Toronto nightclub on Saturday (June 30) has claimed the life of 21-year-old rapper Smoke Dawg, a representative confirms to Billboard.

“Jahvante Smart, also known to many of his fans as Smoke Dawg, passed away on the evening of June 30, 2018. He was 21 years old,” the statement reads. “Jahvante touched the lives of many fans not only in Toronto but around the world. Music was able to let him travel the world and chase his dream of becoming a superstar.”

The rapper leaves behind a one-year-old daughter, his parents and 13 siblings.

“As a young man from Regent Park, he overcame poverty and grew into a responsible, caring grown man who took care of his friends and family. He helped people wherever he could and will be remembered for his huge smile and glowing personality,” the statement continues.

Local news outlet CP24 reports that three people, two men and a woman, were shot in broad daylight in an incident that quickly devolved into chaos outside of the Cube Nightclub in Toronto’s Entertainment District. All three were rushed to the hospital, though one of the victims later died.

In the hours following the shooting, several of Smoke Dawg’s friends — including Drake, Mustafa the Poet and Nathan Miller, the director of NORTHSIDE, a documentary focused on Toronto’s growing rap scene that featured the rapper — all appeared to confirm that Smoke had died with their tributes on social media.

“All these gifts and blessed souls and inner lights being extinguished lately is devastating,” Drake wrote via Instagram story on a photo of him and the late rapper. “I wish peace would wash over our city. So much talent and so many stories we never get to see play out. Rest up Smoke.”

Drake via his IG story. RIP Smoke Dawg — pic.twitter.com/xRnKVZzncX — Drake Direct (@DrakeDirect_) July 1, 2018

A candlelight vigil will be held Monday, July 2 at 8:30 p.m. in Toronto at the Metropolitan Church Park at Queen Street East and Church street. All are welcome and encouraged to bring flowers, candles and posters.

Watch Smoke Dawg’s “Count It Up” below.