Kate Mixes Old & New for Final Engagements Before Maternity Leave Kate mixed old favorites with new pieces for today’s engagements with Prince William.

Kensington Palace announced this morning these would be the last engagements for the Duchess before she starts maternity leave. Below, Kate meeting students who welcomed the couple to the Copper Box Arena at London’s Olympic Park.

Today’s events are designed to celebrate the Commonwealth as part of the ramp-up to the April Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) in London. The first engagement was with SportsAid.

Prince William played some wheelchair basketball with athletes hoping to compete at the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.

More from the Newham Recorder:

The royals watched a wheelchair basketball session before meeting the players, including television presenter Ade Adepitan, who won a Paralympic bronze at Athens in 2004. Prince William then had a go at the sport himself, taking three attempts to net a basketball from a wheelchair as his wife Kate, who is due to give birth to the couple’s third child in the next few weeks, watched on.

Perhaps the Duchess is offering a few tips….?

Kate and William also spent time speaking with the athletes.

Back to the Recorder story:

Annually, SportsAid supports more than 1,000 athletes, mainly teenagers, with money towards training and competing costs. The charity also helps develop other vital skills for professional athletes by providing media training, nutritional advice and performance lifestyle guidance.

There was a quiz this morning testing everyone’s knowledge of the Commonwealth.

?The Duke and Duchess get involved in a Commonwealth Quiz! Today’s visit comes less than a month before the 2018 Commonwealth Games get underway on the Gold Coast of Australia. #GC2018 pic.twitter.com/CXhY5Ln0jZ — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) March 22, 2018



The second stop was at St. Luke’s Trust, a community center located in Clerkenwell, London. Simon Perry of People posted this video of the couple arriving and being given a posy by 4-year-old Rhea Richards.

Kate receives a posy from a little girl on the couple’s next stop of the day at a community center in Clerkenwell, London pic.twitter.com/p5cwoEAB5N — Simon Perry (@SPerryPeoplemag) March 22, 2018

Kate and William spent time with those who use the center.

Kate seemed to be enjoying herself at both engagements today; this video from Rebecca English shows her wrapping up a conversation with visitors at the center.

Video: William and Kate chatted with users of @StLukesTrust after their cookery session biglunch pic.twitter.com/FyEIPx13vK — Rebecca English (@RE_DailyMail) March 22, 2018

Kensington Palace reports the center “provides services and activities for locals, including a fully-equipped cookery school, which runs community classes on healthy, home cooking & avoiding good waste.” The Duke and Duchess helped prepare a Commonwealth Big Lunch while at the center.

Overseen by The Eden Project, Big Lunches are community events generally taking place between Commonwealth Day and the start of the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting.

This was vintage Kate: relaxed, laughing, enjoying herself.

The Daily Mail’s Rebecca English posted a video of Kate chatting with Yolanda from Bolivia; the Duchess spoke about how much Prince George and Princess Charlotte love making pizza dough and getting their hands messy.

Kate tells Yolanda from Bolivia how much Prince George and Princess Charlotte love making pizza dough and getting their hands messy. pic.twitter.com/4BnGnVFQuZ — Rebecca English (@RE_DailyMail) March 22, 2018

Now to what Kate wore at today’s engagements.

Many immediately recognized the Goat Redgrave coat. The collarless style has an A-line silhouette and is made of heavy crepe wool; there are concealed buttons on the front closure. The Duchess was in a new piece from a favorite retailer, Hobbs London. The style is called the Rosie, and it is available at Hobbs online ($165), and selling quickly, as one would expect.

A look at Kate in the top, this photo is also via Rebecca English.

Made from 100% rayon, the Rosie features a small floral print, squared boat neckline, and three-quarter sleeves with a notch at the cuff. Our thanks to Annabelle Gonzalez for her speedy ID of the top.

The Rosie is still available in limited sizes and at vastly different prices at the following retailers:

The print is also offered in the Dana Silk Scarf (£35, about $50); we show the piece at Debenhams.

The print was also used for the Rosie Dress; we show it at Bloomingdale’s, where it is $270. The frock is also offered at Debenhams, where it is £71, roughly $100.

Kate’s jeans are not yet IDed. It’s possible she is wearing the jeans first seen at a Brooklyn Nets game in 2014.

This view shows Kate’s jeans in 2014 (L and R) and those worn today (C).

I’m still looking for additional photos that may help us better determine if the Duchess was in the same trousers worn when visiting New York, or if it is a pair we’ve not previously seen.

UPDATE MAR 30: A WKW Facebook friend suggests the jeans are by Topshop, saying they are either the label’s Jamie or Joni style.

Kate carried her trusty Bayswater Wallet Clutch by Mulberry.

We saw the return of the Stuart Weitzman ‘Power’ pumps in black suede.

The Duchess wore her Annoushka Pearl Drops and Kiki McDonough hoops.

Kate wore her hair down.



As with the Duchess’s previous maternity leaves, we will continue with blog posts. I’m excited that we’ll have time to cover some of the topics suggested here and also on the Facebook page.

LINKAGE: