Tyga's rumored love interest Jordan Ozuna NAKED in Mexico They are both in Tulum, Mexico.

And Tyga's rumored new love interest Jordan Ozuna has been sending temperatures soaring as she enjoys some fun in the sun.

The model, 24, shared an alluring snap of herself completely naked as she lounged on a romantic white bed at her resort, Azulik Tulum.

Scroll down for video

Cheeky! Tyga's rumored new love interest Jordan Ozuna has been sending temperatures soaring as she enjoys some fun in the sun in Tulum, Mexico

'Sleepy baby j': The model captioned the seductive snap

'Sleepy baby j,' she captioned the seductive snap.

It's not clear if Jordan and Tyga have met up in Tulum, and Jordan responded to speculation she was even with the rapper in Mexico by posting on Twitter: 'When you're actually on vaca with girlfriends and this happens ...'

As Jordan enjoys some time in her hotel, Tyga has been living it up with the boys.

The rapper has been ATV riding with his pals and soaking up the sun on the beach.

Ready for some bikini fun! Jordan shared a snap of herself rocking a tiny crochet bikini last week as she packed for her trip to Mexico

Just the boys: As Jordan enjoys some time in her hotel, Tyga has been living it up with the boys

Contemplative: He also shared an introspective snap of himself, sitting beside an ocean, which he captioned, 'Trust the process'

'Ayyyyyee pull up made it look sexy,' he captioned a photo of himself riding an ATV.

He also shared an introspective snap of himself, sitting beside an ocean, which he captioned, 'Trust the process.'

The rapper even explored some ruins in Tulum, sharing a photo of himself trekking through what he dubbed the 'Mayan City.'

'Ayyyyyee pull up made it look sexy': He captioned a photo of himself riding an ATV

Meanwhile: The trip comes a little over a month after Tyga split from long-term girlfriend Kylie Jenner

Tyga and Jordan were first linked when they were seen hugging after eating a meal at Seraphina on the Sunset Strip last month.

Last month, Jordon took to Twitter deny any sort of relationship, writing: 'Omg y'all I'm not dating Tyga come on.'

The trip comes a little over a month after Tyga split from long-term girlfriend Kylie Jenner, who is now linked to rapper Travis Scott.

Let's get this show on the road: The rapper has been ATV riding with his pals and soaking up the sun at his beachfront digs

Adventurous: The rapper even explored some ruins in Tulum, sharing a photo of himself trekking through the 'Mayan City'

Exploring: The 27-year-old checked out his beachfront surroundings