Sofia Vergara celebrates anniversary to Joe Manganiello with photos on Instagram It's safe to say Sofia Vergara's the sentimental type.

The Modern Family star shared a series of shots from her wedding with her 10.8 million Instagram followers Tuesday to honor her first anniversary to Magic Mike actor Joe Manganiello, 39.

Vergara, 44, wrote: 'Happy First Anniversary love of my life ... nothing compares to you ... te amo ... I will never forget that face,' accompanied by emojis of hearts and happy faces.

Scroll down for video

One year in the books: Sofia Vergara, 44, shared her wedding shots on her one-year anniversary to Joe Manganiello, 39, Tuesday

Dancing queen: Sofia is having the time of her life in this shot from the swanky party

Husband material: Manganiello waits for his beautiful bride in this shot from the ceremony

Awww! Flower girls dot the aisle ahead of the stars exchanging vows with one another

Among the shots included Sofia walking down the wedding aisle with the Sabotage star; the stunning couple dancing at the reception; the flower girls walking down the aisle; and a shot of the True Blood actor waiting for his bride.

The gorgeous TV star and Pittsburgh native exchanged vows November 22, 2015 in a luxurious $3 million wedding at the The Breakers resort in Palm Beach, Florida.

A-listers such as Arnold Schwarzenegger, Reese Witherspoon and Channing Tatum were among the 400 guests in attendance. Also present for the proceedings were Sofia's Modern Family co-stars Julie Bowen, Sarah Hyland and Ty Burrell, while Pitbull performed on stage.

Fairy tale: The bride and groom exchanged vows in front of 400 guests at The Breakers

Palace: This Palm Beach hotel was the epicenter of the lavish celebrity nuptials last year

Back in black: The couple matched wonderfully last month at a Hollywood premiere

Vergara was most definitely the belle of the ball in a custom wedding dress by designer Zuhair Murad, with $7 million drop diamond earrings from celeb jeweler Lorraine Schwartz dangling from her ears.

At the Oscars in February, the Colombian actress told Ryan Seacrest that Joe had already mastered an impression of her.

'He does that all the time: He talks to me with my accent all the time,' she said. 'He does it great. I laugh all the time. When he wants to tell me something bad, he says it in my accent so I can't be mean.'