Paris Hilton vows to make brother Barron's attacker 'pay' for 'Lindsay Lohan masterminded assault' 'No one f***ks with my family!' Paris Hilton vows to make her brother Barron's attacker 'pay for what they did' following assault allegedly 'masterminded by Lindsay Lohan'



After quietly simmering for years, the feud between Paris Hilton and Lindsay Lohan appears to have once again exploded.

Late on Saturday, the hotel heiress angrily stepped up in support of her brother Barron - who was allegedly beaten to a bloody pulp in Miami, Florida, by the Parent Trap star's friend - declaring the perpetrator will be made to 'pay'.

Paris may have been referring to Lohan, who Barr on believes 'masterminded' the attack which left him in hospital.

Thicker than water: Paris Hilton has vowed to make those involved in the alleged attack on her brother Barron, seen here together in Utah earlier this year, 'pay'

Paris broke her silence about the alleged attack by posting a comment on Barron's Instagram page.

Pictured on TMZ, the 32-year-old wrote alongside on a picture of her younger sibling's battered face saying: 'They both will pay for what they did.



'No one f***s with my family and gets away with it!!'

The alleged aftermath: Barron posted an image of the injuries he claims he received in the attack on Instagram

Barron was assaulted on Friday allegedly at the direction of Lindsay, who accused him of talking about her to her boyfriend while at a party held as part of the Maimi Art Basel event the previous evening.

The 24-year-old's face showed numerous cuts to his nose area and, according to TMZ, the hotel heir required hospital treatment including a CT scan on his head.

Late Saturday night Lindsay broke her silence about the alleged incident posting an image of her at the Shore Club making a reference to having a great time with 'honest, fun friends ... and no more bad folk'.

The Mean Girls star then deleted the post 30 minutes later.



Now you see it then you don't: Lindsay made a vague reference to the alleged incident on Instagram on Saturday night but quickly deleted it just minutes after posting

Party's over: Lindsay was seen leaving the venue just before being confront by Barron over the attack

Bad things happen when you hang out with bad people. — Nicky Hilton (@NickyHilton) December 8, 2013

The angry Instagram comment was Paris's first time directly speaking about the incident.

Relaxing: The Mean Girls star posted a picture of herself at the Shore Club late on Saturday thanking the hotel for having her

Paris and her sister Nicky did however, make comments on their Twitter earlier in the day which appeared to make reference to what happened between their brother and Paris's former party pal.

Nicky appeared to point the finger at Lindsay's friends, rather than the 27-year-old saying: 'Bad things happen when you hang out with bad people.'

While Paris turned to cosmic retribution writing: 'Karma's a b***h...'

There have yet to be any charges laid in relation to the alleged attack.

Lindsay initially denied being at the Shore Club pool where the assault reportedly happened, but video later emerged of Barron confronting the Mean Girls star as she left the venue.

It was reported the star had been asked to leave but she made sure to post pictures taken at the mansion - which has been turned into the Shore Club for the week.



Paris and Lindsay have a long history of being frenemies with the heiress being caught on film in 2006 making fun the Parent Trap star along with friend Brandon Davis - who infamously called Lindsay a 'firecrotch'.



While Paris may be looking for some sort of vengeance against her former pal, the reality star was not continuing all her feuds during the annual art event.

The socialite turned DJ spent Friday night with her former best friend, and Simple Life co-star, Nicole Richie, even posting a picture of the pair together on her Instagram with the hashtag old friends.



MailOnline contacted representatives for both Lindsay and Barron about the alleged incident but they have so far been unavailable for comment.







