Emma Stone, Meryl Streep, Laura Dern to Be Accompanied by Activists at Golden Globes In addition to the #whywewearblack campaign at this year’s Golden Globes, numerous Hollywood women have adopted another way to express their support for particular issues, including women’s rights and racial equality, by bringing activists to the Golden Globes as their guests.

According to a press release, the women were inspired by the Time’s Up movement, an initiative launched by hundreds of Hollywood women to advocate better workplace conditions and the end of sexual harassment.

Emma Stone will be accompanied by Billie Jean King, the pro tennis player and activist that Stone portrays in “Battle of the Sexes.” In addition to founding the Women’s Sports Foundation and the Women’s Tennis Association, King has received the Presidential Medal of Freedom and is the founder of the Billie Jean King Leadership Initiative.

Susan Sarandon will bring Rosa Clemente, an organizer, political commentator and independent journalist who campaigns for media justice, voter engagement among youth of color, third party politics, United States political prisoners and the right of Puerto Rico to become an independent nation.

Popular on Variety

Ai-jen Poo, the director of the National Domestic Workers Alliance and co-director of the Caring Across Generations Campaign, will attend with Meryl Streep. Poo is listed as one of Fortune’s 50 World’s Greatest Leaders and is a 2014 MacArthur fellow.

Michelle Williams‘ guest will be Tarana Burke, the founder of the #metoo movement and senior director at Girls for Gender Equity. Burke is a gender and racial justice advocate who was based in Selma, Ala. for over a decade, leading to a consulting position on Ava DuVernay’s Oscar-nominated “Selma.”

Mónica Ramírez, the co-founder of Alianza Nacional de Campesinas, will accompany Laura Dern. Ramírez has served farmworker, Latina and immigrant women as an attorney, organizer and advocate and is dedicated to ending violence against women, particularly farmworkers.

Emma Watson will bring Marai Larasi, the executive director of Imkaan (UK), a leading Black-feminist network organization with members in England, Wales and Scotland. Larasi is also co-chair of the End Violence Against Women Coalition, the UK’s largest coalition of organizations working to eradicate violence against women and girls.

Calina Lawrence, a member of the Suquamish Tribe, will attend the Globes with Shailene Woodley. Lawrence is a musician and vocalist who has spent recent time traveling the country in advocacy for Native Treaty Rights and the “Mni Wiconi” (Water is Life) movement led by the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and the #NoLNG253” movement led by the Puyallup Tribe. She dedicates her artistry and energy to addressing racial injustice, police brutality, mass-incarceration, gentrification, violence against women and children, misrepresentation of Native Americans in education and mainstream media, climate injustice, blood quantum and enrollment issues, foster youth, suicide prevention, and many other causes.

Amy Poehler’s guest will be Saru Jayaraman, president of Restaurant Opportunities Centers United and ROC Action, and director of the Food Labor Research Center at the University of California, Berkeley. Saru co-founded ROC in New York after 9/11, together with displaced World Trade Center workers, which has organized those who work in restaurants to win workplace justice campaigns, conduct research and policy work, partner with responsible restaurants, and launch cooperatively-owned restaurants.

This is not the first time Hollywood denizens have made a statement by bringing activists to awards shows. One of the most memorable instances occurred when Sacheen Littlefeather rejected Marlon Brando’s Academy Award for best actor in 1973 with a speech advocating for Native American rights. However, this is one of the first times the effort has been coordinated among many attendees.