New Game of Thrones Behind-the-Scenes Video Reveals a Surprising Trick in the Arya/Brienne Fight Those are Gwendoline Christie and Maisie Williams’s stunt doubles at work there, and at least one of them makes another appearance in the video. Though I wasn’t foolish enough to think that Williams had done every single step of this fight herself, I was surprised to see her double execute one of the showstopping moves: a flip followed by an elaborate sword flourish. Thanks to some seamless C.G.I. work on the double’s face, I thought for sure that was Williams executing the move on screen.

There’s precedence for Williams (who, remember, was a dancer and gymnast before she was an actress) doing her own stunts. She took a 14-foot leap off a balcony for that foot chase with the Waif in Season 6. So it wasn’t a complete stretch to imagine she might have been able to pull this move off. But Williams has also always been very generous about her stunt doubles, reserving specific praise for the woman who was hired on last year whom she called “fit” a “trooper” and “incredible.” Though that wasn’t always the case: “I’ve had stunt doubles before where—they were lovely girls—but they didn’t look like me,” she told TVLine in 2016. “I didn’t buy it. Like, I don’t look at you from behind and think that you look like me. And that means the audience is gonna be the same. They’re gonna be like, ‘That’s not Arya!’ And instead of watching a fight scene like, ‘Oh my gosh girl, get up! Get up!,’ you’re going to be going, ‘That wasn’t even Maisie!’”

Williams doesn’t name her double in that or any other interview, nor is it easy to find her name online. Williams was also disinclined to point out specifically which moves, other than that balcony leap, she executed herself in Season 6. This is likely all part of Thrones wanting to keep the mystery alive. But now that they’ve pulled back the curtain on who did what in this particular fight, it’s worth praising Williams (and Christie) for one very specific piece of fancy foot and hand work. The final grapple, which includes a lightning-quick flip of the dagger for Arya, appears to have been all them.