Dylan Sprouse Responds to Allegations He Cheated on Dayna Frazer Dylan Sprouse appeared to defend himself amid allegations he cheated on his longtime girlfriend, Dayna Frazer.

Related: Biggest Celebrity Cheating Scandals Ever! Check out the biggest celebrity cheating bombshells -- including scandals involving Kristen Stewart, Tiger Woods, Katharine McPhee and Ashton Kutcher

“I will say this and only this: by adhering to an assumption based on limited information, you neglect the complicated nature of this issue,” the Suite Life of Zack & Cody alum, 25, wrote on Twitter on Wednesday, August 16. “The truth always has two sides, and those sides have motivations, and those motivations, despite how cloudy they currently seem, are private.”

He continued, “This is complicated and it will remain complicated, but those who know me and who have known me, know well enough what kind of person I am. And that is all.”

I will say this and only this: by adhering to an assumption based on limited information, you neglect the complicated nature of this issue — Dylan Sprouse (@dylansprouse) August 16, 2017

The truth always has two sides, and those sides have motivations, and those motivations, despite how cloudy they currently seem, are private https://t.co/NmdX5GTwO8 — Dylan Sprouse (@dylansprouse) August 16, 2017

This is complicated and it will remain complicated, but those who know me and who have known me, know well enough what kind of person I am. https://t.co/gauzjH8c0C — Dylan Sprouse (@dylansprouse) August 16, 2017

And that is all ?? https://t.co/ODIUIyeIBZ — Dylan Sprouse (@dylansprouse) August 16, 2017

Related: Child Stars Gone Bad From early fame to behind bars, child stars like Lindsay Lohan and Britney Spears have had their rough patches. While some managed to clean up their act, others like '80s teen idol Corey Haim unfortunately let fame get the best of them. Click through to see which of our favorite child stars got busted and spiraled out of control.

Sprouse’s comments came days after Frazer, 24, posted a selfie in which she appeared to be crying on her Instagram Story. “When you find out your bf cheated on you lol,” she captioned the snap. In addition, both Sprouse and Frazer deleted all photos of one another from their Instagram accounts.

Neither of the stars have confirmed whether their three-year relationship has ended in the wake of the cheating allegations.

Related: Disney Stars Through the Years From Lindsay Lohan to Ryan Gosling, see which celebs got their start working for the Mouse

Meanwhile, Cole Sprouse, Dylan’s twin brother and former Suite Life costar, and his rumored girlfriend, Lili Reinhart, are seemingly going strong. The Riverdale costars sparked dating rumors in July.

“Cole and Lili were holding hands and looked really coupley,” an eyewitness told Us Weekly of the potential pair’s outing in Vancouver on July 31. “Also, the way he grabbed her waist to bring her in for a photo seemed more than friendly.”