Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber Return to the Public Eye for Church and a Hockey Date Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.

In December 2023, Selena Gomez left a string of comments on Instagram that finally confirmed her relationship with music producer Benny Blanco. “He is my absolute everything in my heart,” the Only Murders in the Building star proclaimed to her fans, only weeks after rumors had swirled that they were together. Now, the two are enjoying the newlywed life.

Ahead, keep reading for all the details about their sweet, low-key relationship.

Getty Images

October 23, 2025: Selena reveals she has already framed their wedding photos.

In a romantic photo dump on Instagram, Gomez shares a look at her and Blanco’s newly-married life—including a shot of her bookcase, which subtly reveals some framed photos from the couple’s big day (which only took place a few weeks prior). Swipe and you’ll also find some sweet selfies.

October 18, 2025: The newlyweds make their first public appearance as a married couple.

Gomez and Blanco attend the 2025 Academy Museum Gala together, marking their first public appearance since their wedding. They coordinate in midnight blues and blacks, with Gomez sporting a custom Giorgio Armani Privé gown, while her beau chooses a velvet suit.

John Shearer // Getty Images

September 27, 2025: Selena and Benny are married!

Nine months after Blanco popped the question, the lovebirds tie the knot at the Sea Crest Nursery near Santa Barbara, California.

They celebrate with friends and family, including Taylor Swift, Paris Hilton, Ed Sheeran, and Gomez’s co-stars from both Only Murders in the Building and Wizards of Waverly Place. For the special occasion, Gomez wears three separate wedding dresses, each by Ralph Lauren, and she shares dreamy photos, taken by Petra Collins, directly to her Instagram.

Later, Gomez reveals on The Jennifer Hudson Show that she made a conscious effort to limit outside imagery, saying, “I didn’t want anyone to get photos of my wedding unless it was from me. I keep my life as private as I can.”

June 4, 2025: Benny says he’s “dreaming” of fatherhood.

In an interview with InStyle, Blanco reveals that he and Gomez may not tour their joint album together, because both of their lives are jam-packed, but also, there’s a possibility that they’ll be making a family in the near future.

“I love kids; I love being an uncle,” he tells the outlet. “I want to be a dad, though, God willing. I’m just dreaming and praying every day.”

During the interview, he also opens up about his “fairytale” relationship, saying, “I met Selena when she was 16” (Gomez’s mom connected them professionally when Gomez was in the process of signing a record deal). “We didn’t work together until many years later,” he notes. “They say you’ve probably already met the person that you’re gonna spend the rest of your life with… I never believed that shit until it happened to me. And now I get to kiss her. It’s like my own little fairytale I concocted.”

On his abilities as a partner, Blanco adds, “I think people’s biggest problem, especially men, is we don’t listen all the time... A woman will tell you exactly what she needs.”

“I'm 37 years old,” Blanco says. “I hope I know how to treat a woman by now!”

March 22, 2025: The couple are spotted in New York City together.

Gomez and Blanco are spotted in New York City ahead of the release of their joint album, I Said I Love You First. On Friday, the pair are photographed laughing together while playing a personality game on their press tour.

XNY/Star Max

March 14, 2025: They get romantic after releasing a song together.

The couple debut their song “Sunset Blvd,” inspired by where they had their first date in Los Angeles. In his Instagram Story, Blanco gets emotional recalling the start of their relationship.

“I feel like this exact moment will be etched into my memory forever ... we were playing ‘we are not really strangers’ and the card we pulled said ‘take a selfie together’ then u layed [syc] your head on my chest... after we took the photo i looked at u and could feel ur heart pounding so hard that i had no other choice but to lean in and kiss u... and i can tell u for sure that that was the best decision i have ever made in my life... i love you,” he writes over a black-and-white photo of them cuddling—the first selfie they ever took.

courtesy of Selena Gomez via Instagram

March 8, 2025: Selena posts a sweet birthday tribute for Benny.

To mark Blanco’s 37th birthday, Gomez shares a heartfelt post on Instagram, posting several photos of them together as well as a few solo shots of her fiancé. In the snaps, the couple cuddles up on the beach, then in ski gear, proving their love transcends all seasons.

“I’m not sure what I did to deserve you but damn am I glad you were born.. happy birthday baby ♥️,” Gomez captions the carousel of photos. “i love u wifey,” Blanco responds in the comments.

March 2, 2025: Benny supports Selena at the Oscars.

Gomez walks the red carpet alone together in bejeweled golden dress, and Blanco joins her inside the ceremony in a cream three-piece suit, over which he layers a black floor-length coat with shimmery floral appliqués. He also wears a metallic silver brooch on his collar.

Emma McIntyre // Getty Images

January 5, 2025: Benny supports Selena at the Golden Globes.

Blanco makes a stealthy appearance at the 82nd annual Golden Globes ceremony. He is seen kissing Gomez before she walks down the red carpet solo at the Beverly Hilton Hotel. The two later reunite inside the venue, where Blanco sits next to his fiancée at a table.

Michael Buckner/GG2025 // Getty Images

December 31, 2024: They ring in the new year.

Gomez and Blanco wrap up 2024 and kick off 2025 in full newly-engaged bliss. In an Instagram photo dump, the singer shares some photos of her and her husband-to-be, including one of them looking cozy under blankets at home, and another of them all dressed up in coordinating black-tie looks. She also includes a clip of them sharing a kiss, as well as a mirror selfie where she shows off her diamond engagement ring.

“Happy new years ❤️,” she writes simply in the caption.

December 25, 2024: They celebrate their first Christmas as fiancés.

The couple spend their first Christmas together since getting engaged. In photos that Gomez posts to her Instagram Story, the Only Murders in the Building star shows a glimpse of her marquise diamond engagement ring. One selfie shows Gomez smiling as she leans against Blanco. Another snap captures Gomez holding up a cocktail while sitting in a bar, dressed in a black-and-white striped sweater.

Instagram

Instagram

She later shares a post featuring a photo of them at home, looking cozy and majorly in love. “Hope everyone had a lovely holiday!” Gomez writes in the caption. “No better gift,” Blanco comments.

December 13, 2024: Gomez shows off her engagement ring.

Gomez takes to her Instagram Story to flaunt the most recent addition to her jewelry collection. She shares a selfie covering her face with her left hand, showing off her large engagement ring and letting the marquise-cut diamond speak for itself. Apart from her jewelry, she keeps things casual in a white graphic tee and a cozy cream knit cardigan.

Instagram / @selenagomez // Instagram





December 11, 2024: They get engaged!

Gomez announces their engagement with an Instagram post showing off her marquise diamond engagement ring. In the caption, she writes, “forever begins now..”

Blanco cheekily comments, “hey wait… that’s my wife.”

November 30, 2024: Gomez reacts to Blanco’s “Sexiest Man Alive” title.

Blanco is named one of People’s “Sexiest Men Alive,” and Gomez couldn’t be prouder. During a sit-down interview with CBS Sunday Morning, she shares her thoughts about her boyfriend’s inclusion in People’s annual issue.

“That’s my man!” Gomez comments in a CBS Sunday Morning video shared on X (formerly Twitter) on November 30. “I’m beyond proud to know that there is someone in the world that deeply cares about every tiny detail about who I am,” she adds. “And have someone support me, encourage me, inspire me and motivate me. It brings me joy. And more than anything he’s just my best friend. I’m really, really lucky,” she concludes.

Gomez also discusses how she and Blanco make conscious decisions to share their relationship with the public. “When you put a little bit out there, people are not as hungry to hunt you down,” she says. “Like, if they hear something, they’re going to, but if you’re like, ‘I did it,’ they’re like, ‘Oh, well there’s you, just going to Sushi Park.’ But there’s so much of my relationship people don’t see—that’s just mine.”

November 28, 2024: The two spend Thanksgiving together.

Gomez and Blanco spend Thanksgiving together, and the singer takes to her Instagram stories to show off their celebrations. She shares a photo of a giant autumnal bouquet, then shares an image of her sweeping her patio in preparation for dinner.

Instagram / @selenagomez // Instagram

Finally, she shares an adorable picture of her sitting at the Thanksgiving dinner table, with Blanco wrapping his arms around her from behind. Gomez is wrapped up in a fuzzy blanket, and she laughs as her beau embraces her.

Instagram / @selenagomez // Instagram

November 20, 2024: Selena talks about maintaining privacy in their relationship.

In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, Gomez opens up about what it takes to maintain privacy as a superstar in a public relationship.

Explaining why she occasionally shares photos of Blanco on social media, she says, “I guess this is the safest I’ve ever felt in one, and I see a future with this person.”

She adds, “And when you put a little bit out there, people are not as hungry to hunt you down. Like, if they hear something, they’re going to, but if you’re like, ‘I did it,’ they’re like, ‘Oh, well there’s you, just going to Sushi Park.’ But there’s so much of my relationship people don’t see, that’s just mine.”

October 26, 2024: The couple wear coordinating Halloween costumes.

Gomez shares a roundup of photos on Instagram, showing her and Blanco dressed up as characters from Alice in Wonderland. Gomez is dressed as Alice in a blue dress with a sheer tulle skirt, while Blanco wears a Mad Hatter costume complete with an orange wig and large top hat. “Curiouser and curiouser,” Gomez captions the images.

Instagram / Selena Gomez // Instagram

At the 2024 Emmy Awards, Blanco supports Gomez by sneaking into the ceremony after the red carpet and sitting with her in the audience.

It’s a big night for Gomez, as this is her first time ever being nominated for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series, thanks to her performance as Mabel Mora in Only Murders in the Building. She also celebrates a nod for Best Comedy Series, given that she serves as one of the producers on the show.

At the ceremony, Blanco, ever the supportive boyfriend, joins Gomez and her co-stars, Steve Martin and Martin Short, in the front row, and one photo captured during the show even sees the “Hands to Myself” singer sitting on Blanco’s lap.

Blanco is also seen planting a kiss on Gomez’s cheek in a photo she shares on Instagram following the ceremony. “Thank you so much to the Emmys for our recognition! We are so grateful,” she writes.

September 9, 2024: Selena calls Benny “a complete light in [her] life.”

Gomez mentions Blanco in her cover story for Vanity Fair, sharing there is no pressure on them to get married. “We always make sure we’re protecting what we have, but there’s no rules,” she says. “I want him to always be himself. I always want to be myself.”

She shares that their relationship has been unlike any other. “I’ve never been loved this way,” she adds. “He’s just been a light. A complete light in my life. He’s my best friend. I love telling him everything.”

August 8, 2024: Selena shares more photos of Benny.

Gomez continues to document her and Blanco’s relationship with another photo dump on Instagram. The sweet snaps capture the two packing on the PDA, from posing in front of a seaside sunset to cuddling together on the couch.

Later that day, she sparks engagement rumors by sharing a photo on her Instagram Story of her and Blanco getting ready to go out. She had her left ring finger covered with a double pink heart emoji.

July 24, 2024: Selena posts a photo dump featuring Benny.

July 22, 2024: Selena calls Benny the love of her life.

courtesy of Selena Gomez via Instagram

July 12, 2024: Selena reveals who said “I love you” first.

Gomez and Blanco take part in a “Who’s Most Likely To…?” couple’s challenge on TikTok, answering questions ranging from silly to serious. After revealing which of them is most likely to fall asleep during a movie (Gomez) and who eats the most (Blanco), the two disclose which one of them said “I love you” first to the other. In the clip, Gomez sits cross-legged beside Blanco on a couch while a voiceover asks, “Who said ‘I love you’ first?” Smiling, the singer points to herself as Blanco wraps his arm around her and kisses her shoulder.



July 4, 2024: The couple cuddles during a backyard photo shoot.

Gomez and Blanco spend the Fourth of July together and share photos of each other on their respective Instagram stories. In one snap, Blanco wraps his arms around Gomez, who is laughing.

Courtesy of Instagram/@selenagomez // Instagram

For the occasion, she wears a flirty white sundress featuring vertical pleats and cartoonlike doodles, including an orange heart, pink flower, and yellow stars. Gomez pairs the summery dress with gold hoops and a thick white headband. Blanco wears a yellow short-sleeved button-up shirt, accessorizing with a gold chain wrapped around his wrist.

After a few weeks of traveling for work, Gomez reunites with Blanco in Los Angeles, where the two enjoy a romantic date night and coordinate in sky-blue ensembles.

For the outing, Gomez rocks an off-the-shoulder pinstripe button-up, which she pairs with black jeans, strappy black sandals, and a large, rectangular clutch. For his part, Blanco also wears a light blue button-up with ruched details along the seams.

Following their dinner, the two were spotted getting cozy in the backseat of a vehicle, where they were seen chatting and smiling.

BACKGRID

May 14, 2024: Benny talks marriage and kids.

Blanco goes on The Howard Stern Show and instantly begins gushing about his relationship with Gomez. When host Stern says he predicts marriage for them, Blanco replies: “You and me both … I gotta get my act together!”

As for children, Blanco reveals: “That’s like my next goal on the box. I have a lot of godkids; I’ve got a ton of nephews. It’s my thing—I love being around kids!”

Gomez and Blanco are seen looking so in love watching the New York Knicks play the Philadelphia 76ers game at Madison Square Garden—reminding us that their first public outing as a couple was also at an NBA game, in Los Angeles in January.

Gomez wears a maroon leather trench coat, knee-high black leather croc-embossed boots, and big gold sculptural hoops. Blanco stays true to his quirky style in an embroidered white shirt, blue and red floral pants, and brown leather loafers.

Sarah Stier // Getty Images

April 12, 2024: Selena posts another PDA-filled photo to her Instagram Story.

Gomez shares another steamy pic of herself and her man to her Instagram Story. In the snap, things look hot and heavy, with Gomez and Blanco making out at what appears to be a cocktail party. The actor sizzles in a red sequined dress, while the producer looks suave in a blue plaid suit.

courtesy of Selena Gomez via Instagram

March 23, 2024: Selena jokes she was dressed like Benny on set.

What is it they say about couples starting to look and act alike? It seems to be the case for Gomez and Blanco, whose deep bond is beginning to manifest through their personal styles. Gomez took a cue from her beau when she posted a mirror selfie in an orange-and-white checkered button-up shirt, flowy black pants boasting a white-and-red triangle pattern, fuzzy cream slippers, and a long black robe. Funky patterns and bright colors have become a trademark of Blanco’s look.

She captioned the post, “The day they dressed me like my boyfriend on set.”

courtesy of Selena Gomez via Instagram

March 8, 2024: Selena posts PDA-filled photos for Benny’s birthday.

Gomez marks Blanco’s 36th birthday by sharing a carousel of PDA-filled snaps to her Instagram.

“Happy birthday baby!” Gomez writes in the caption. “Your emotional endurance, positive disposition, unbelievable talent (that blows me away), undeniable humor and loving, kind heart absolutely kill me. I love you @itsbennyblanco 🎂🥹.”

Blanco responds in the comments with a string of affectionate emojis: “🥹💕🥰💋❤️.”

The post includes photos of the couple kissing, lying down, and posing in a photo booth, as well as a few videos captured from date nights.

February 22, 2024: Benny praises Selena’s new song, and Selena gushes over their relationship in a new interview.

Gomez drops “Love On,” a new single with some cheeky NSFW lyrics like, “This doesn’t have to be some sort of mathematical equation / Slip off your jeans, slide in the sheets / Screaming ‘yes’ in quotations / Clock in, baby, get to work / Night shift, but with all the perks.”

To promote the song, she posts photos captured during the making of the music video on Instagram, writing in the caption, “lOvE On +.” Blanco shows his love for the track by commenting “omg !!!!”

Instagram

Gomez also gushes over their relationship in an interview with Zane Lowe on Apple Music 1’s New Music Daily.

“Without getting into too much detail, I think it’s just really important to meet someone who respects you,” she says, per Entertainment Tonight. “And I think it’s really nice to also lean on someone who understands the world that I live in. But I’d have to say overall it’s the safest that I feel, and it’s been really lovely, and I’ve only grown through it, so it’s awesome.”

February 14, 2024: Selena posts a Valentine’s Day tribute.

For their first Valentine’s Day as a couple, Gomez posts a selfie with Blanco to her Instagram Story, captioning it with a white heart emoji and the message “I love you.”

The photo shows both of them throwing up peace signs, with Gomez sticking her tongue out while wearing a brown patterned mock turtleneck top. Blanco wears a white T-shirt and gold chain necklaces.

Instagram

February 13, 2024: Selena posts an Instagram tribute to her “bes fwend” Benny.

For the first time since making their relationship public, Gomez shares a post entirely devoted to Blanco. She captions the romantic series of photos: “My bes fwend.”

In the slideshow, Gomez is seen snuggling up with Blanco in a kitchen, sitting on his lap at a formal event (where he very openly grabs her breast while kissing her shoulder), and hanging with him post–Golden Globes—while a friend pretends to eat one of the golden awards in the background.

Blanco shows his appreciation in the comments section, where he writes, “Das my bes fwen.”

February 12, 2024: Selena shares more PDA-filled pictures with Benny.

Gomez shares a PDA-filled snap from a night out with Blanco to her Instagram Story. In the picture, she sits on a crimson velvet couch while he lies down behind her. The two have their foreheads pressed against each other’s while leaning in for a kiss.

Instagram

February 2, 2024: Selena shares a photo of herself in bed, taken by Benny.

Gomez took to her Instagram Story to share the delightful sight her wakes up to every morning: a beautiful, sleepy version of herself cuddling in bed with fuzzy blankets. The singer posted the image, snapped by the producer, with the caption “Mornings with you @itsbennyblanco.”

courtesy of Selena Gomez via Instagram

Later the same day, Gomez and Blanco were photographed enjoying a night out with friends in Los Angeles. For the occasion, Gomez looked equal parts edgy and chic in a cropped black leather jacket and dark brown pants; she debuted darker brown hair with full bangs, which she styled in voluminous bouncy curls. For Blanco’s part, he displayed his quirky style with a pink button-up shirt with white polka dots all over, layered under a gray cardigan.

Gomez and Blanco head to the happiest place on earth—a.k.a. Disneyland. The couple spend the day unashamedly engaged in PDA, as seen in videos captured by fans and posted to TikTok.

One clip shows the two embracing each other as they wait in line for a ride. Gomez wears a black sweater, black pants, and a black-and-white zebra-print bucket hat, while Blanco wears a splotchy yellow and orange hoodie with colorfully embroidered jeans and white sneakers.

January 15, 2024: Benny supports Selena at the Emmys.

Though the couple don’t walk the red carpet together, Blanco is filmed supporting Gomez from afar. In behind-the-scenes footage published by E! News, Blanco sweetly blows a kiss to Gomez (who wears a sparkly crimson Oscar de la Renta gown) as she walks toward the red carpet. Afterward, he appears to head into the venue solo.

January 7, 2024: They share a kiss after the Golden Globes.

After the ceremony at the Beverly Hilton, Gomez shares several behind-the-scenes photos from the night, including a romantic shot of herself in a quiet room with boyfriend Blanco—in her full red-carpet look—giving him a passionate kiss. “I won,” Gomez writes over the snap.

courtesy of Selena Gomez via Instagram

A day later, Gomez posts a string of photos of the evening on her Instagram grid, and in the carousel includes two shots of her with Blanco. In one, she smiles candidly as she embraces him, and in the other, she smiles widely as Blanco hugs her from behind and kisses her neck.

“@erinwalshstyle @marissa.marino @tombachik @makeupbymelissam @giorgioarmani @bulgari thank you for such a wonderful evening. Honored to be there in such good company,” she writes.

January 3, 2024: Benny and Selena go to a Lakers game for their first public outing.

The couple enjoy a PDA-filled courtside date during the NBA match between the Los Angeles Lakers and the Miami Heat at Crypto.com Arena.

For the special outing, Gomez wears a black and white coat from with black pants and silver metallic boots. Meanwhile, Blanco wears a white puff jacket with pink and orange pastel flowers, a white T-shirt, white slacks, and white slip-on clogs.

Allen Berezovsky // Getty Images

January 2, 2024: Benny kicks off the new year with candid close-ups of Selena.

Gomez is all smiles in two seemingly candid photos that Blanco captures of the singer while they sit at a table outside. In the pics, posted to the producer’s Instagram Story, Gomez wears a fuzzy black coat and flashes her red manicure, looking flushed in the cheeks (probably due to the cold weather).

These are the first in a series of photos Blanco posts to kick off the new year, including a pic of golden “2024” glasses lying on the floor.

Benny Blanco / Instagram // Instagram

Benny Blanco / Instagram // Instagram

Gomez shares her own Instagram Story later in the day, using a Despicable Me meme to convey her love for Blanco.

The meme says, “me: ‘one more kiss.’ him: ‘i really have to go.’” Then it says “me” again, followed by a shot of the animated film series’ young character Agnes looking as if she’s about to cry.

courtesy of Selena Gomez via Instagram // Instagram

December 30, 2023: Selena posts another cuddly snap with Benny.

Gomez shares yet another photo with Blanco to her Story, this time flashing a sweet smile as the music producer hugs her tightly from behind while planting a big smooch on her cheek. The two look extra cozy in fuzzy sweaters, with Gomez bundled up in black and Blanco sporting an orange, blue, and white floral-printed hoodie.

courtesy of Selena Gomez via Instagram

The singer posts two new snaps of Blanco to her Instagram Story. The first is a mirror selfie of the couple, with Blanco embracing Gomez from behind. The second captures Blanco posing in front of a wall of geometric mirrors and a hot-pink floor at the “Luna Luna: Forgotten Fantasy” exhibit in Los Angeles.

Instagram

Instagram

December 21, 2023: Selena hints about her relationship in new interview.

While speaking with Vogue México y Latinoamérica, Gomez opens up about what she looks for in a romantic partner without mentioning Blanco by name.

“Honestly, I have to start being attracted to the right kind of people, because it’s a bit of both,” she told the magazine. “It’s very difficult to find someone who can listen to you and care about you, but I know that when it happens, it will be great and you will want it to be healthy.”

The publication notes that Gomez hopes to one day become a mom, too, declaring motherhood as “fundamental to her life’s purpose.” Still, Gomez says, that goal is likely not happening “in the short term.”

December 15, 2023: Selena shares PDA-filled photos with Benny.

Gomez shows off her man on Instagram again, posting a photo dump that includes a candid snap of her kissing Blanco while lying in his arms and caressing his hair.

In another sweet photo, Gomez is all smiles while Blanco hugs her from behind.

December 12, 2023: Selena shares snuggly pic with Benny.



Only a day after Blanco went Instagram official with Gomez, she shares another black-and-white selfie to her account, which sees her embracing the producer. (And in the corner of the photo, you can see she is all smiles.)

courtesy of Selena Gomez via Instagram // Instagram

December 11, 2023: Benny goes Instagram official with Selena.

The producer shares his first snap of Gomez on Instagram since the two hard-launched their romance. The photo, which he posts to his Instagram Story, captures Gomez’s back as the couple explores an art gallery.

He further cements their romance by commenting a heart-eyes emoji on Gomez’s recent post, in which she shared behind-the-scenes pics of herself on set for a photo shoot.



Instagram

December 8, 2023: Selena shows off her B ring.

Only a day after the “Love You Like a Love Song” singer confirmed her relationship with Blanco, she shares a series of photos to her Instagram Story, in which she shows off her custom B wrap ring from . (We’re guessing B stands for “Benny.”)

Gomez provides a close-up of the 14k yellow gold round-diamond and pavé letter accessory in a black-and-white shot. She follows it up with a photo of herself sipping from a mug, where the ring is on full display yet again.

courtesy of Selena Gomez via Instagram // Instagram

courtesy of Selena Gomez via Instagram // Instagram

December 7, 2023: Selena confirms her relationship with Benny on Instagram.

Gomez confirms her relationship with Blanco through two separate interactions on the @popfactions Instagram account. First, the celebrity news page shares an article, claiming, “Selena Gomez Is Rumored to Be Dating Producer Benny Blanco” (which Gomez likes). Then, they share another update, which reads, “Selena Gomez Seemingly Confirms That She Is in a Relationship,” and the Spring Breakers actor takes it a step further by commenting, “Facts.”

To really confirm the news, Gomez posts a black-and-white selfie to her page, which sees her laying her head on Blanco’s chest.

courtesy of Selena Gomez via Instagram // Instagram

That same day, she begins leaving candid comments on a post from a fan account, where she gushes about her relationship with Blanco. “He is my absolute everything in my heart,” she writes.

However, while some fans are disappointed with the news, the “Hands to Myself” singer defends her new partner. “He’s still better than anyone I’ve ever been with. Facts,” she writes in response to one fan. “Then why has he been the best thing that’s ever happened to me. The end,” she responds to another.

November 25, 2023: Dating rumors about Selena and Benny emerge.

Celebrity Instagram account @popfactions postulates that Gomez and Blanco are in a relationship in a post shared to social media. As noted in the news account’s carousel, Gomez’s mother, Mandy Teefey, had recently followed the producer on Instagram, which was one of the first big indicators of their relationship.

November 9, 2023: Selena gives Benny a shout-out on Instagram by promoting his new cookbook.

After a week of silence on the social media platform, Gomez returns to Instagram to promote Blanco’s new cookbook, Open Wide. “One of my favs releasing a cook book,” she writes on her Instagram Story.

Meanwhile, when Blanco posts about the book on his page, the Wizards of Waverly Place alum comments, “Finally 🙌🏼.”

October 4, 2023: Benny attends the Rare Beauty Impact Fund Benefit.

In October, Gomez holds the inaugural Rare Impact Fund Benefit Supporting Youth Mental Health in Los Angeles, where Blanco is one of the attendees.



Stefanie Keenan // Getty Images

September 21, 2023: Selena shares TikTok lip-sync about boyfriend status

In September, the “Come & Get It” singer seemingly confirms her relationship status as single, when she , where she lip-syncs to an audio that says, “Guess who has a boyfriend? Not me b**ch! Y’all be safe out there!” However, if Gomez is already with Blanco at this point, it's unclear if she is just throwing us off the trail.

August 25, 2023: Selena releases “Single Soon.”

With the release of her first new track in nine months, “Single Soon,” Gomez sings about leaving a partner and the freedom of being single. And while she keeps mum about who the song is about, the 31-year-old ends up working in the studio with her future boyfriend, Blanco, who co-produces the song with Cashmere Cat.

She also teases the track on Instagram in the weeks prior, writing, “Y’all have been asking for new music for a while. Since I’m not quite done with SG3, I wanted to put out a fun little song I wrote a while back that’s perfect for the end of summer. SINGLE SOON.”

March 2019: Selena collaborates with Benny on “I Can’t Get Enough.”



They also collaborate on the electronic Reggaeton song, “I Can’t Get Enough” with Tainy and J Balvin.

The track reaches No. 66 on the Billboard Hot 100 and it reaches No. 31 on the U.S. Billboard U.S. Mainstream Top 40.

October 2015: Selena and Benny collaborate on their first songs together.

The first time Gomez and Blanco collaborate in the studio is for the singer’s second solo studio album, Revival. For the album, Blanco has production credits on the singles “Kill Em with Kindness” and “Same Old Love.”

