‘Raven’s Home’ Renewed: Disney’s ‘That’s So Raven’ Spinoff Back for Season 2 – Variety Raven is coming back home to Disney Channel for a second season of “Raven’s Home,” the spinoff of “That’s So Raven,” Variety has learned.

Disney has renewed “Raven’s Home,” and the series will go back into production next month. No premiere date has been slated for Season 2.

In “Raven’s Home,” Raven-Symoné plays her original role from “That’s So Raven,” which aired from 2003 through 2007. She is also an executive producer on the comedy series, which follows longtime best friends Raven (Raven-Symoné) and Chelsea (original “That’s So Raven” star Anneliese van der Pol) who are each divorced with kids of their own and living in one household. Unbeknownst to the kids, Raven still catches glimpses of the future, and unbeknownst to Raven, her son has discovered he has the same ability to see into the future.

About one year ago, Raven-Symoné departed “The View,” on which she was a co-host from 2015-2016, to develop “Raven’s Home” with Disney Channel, which required her to move from New York to Los Angeles.

Popular on Variety

“We are incredibly proud of our first season and the fact that Raven has returned home to Disney Channel in a very big way. The entire cast and crew have delivered a classic family sitcom that kids and families will be watching for many years to come,” said Adam Bonnett, Disney Channels Worldwide’s executive vice president of original programming.

“Raven’s Home” is currently in the midst of its first season, which debuted this past July, becoming the top live-action cable television series premiere of the past two years among Kids 6-11 (1.3 million viewers), Tweens 9-14 (1.5 million) and Kids 2-11 (1.6 million). Since premiering, the show has performed strongly in its Friday 8 p.m. timeslot and has become Disney Channel’s No.1 streamed series with nearly 4.5 million viewers on YouTube and 10 million VOD views.

“Raven’s Home” was developed by Scott Thomas and Jed Elinoff, and created by “That’s So Raven” creators Michael Poryes and Susan Sherman. Dava Savel and Michael Feldman are executive producers with Raven-Symoné. The series also stars Issac Ryan Brown, Navia Robinson, Jason Maybaum and Sky Katz.