Quincy Jones Claims He Dated Ivanka Trump 12 Years Ago Update, 4:46 p.m. One of the most eye-popping allegations in Jones’s viral interview has, apparently, been confirmed. Richard Pryor’s widow Jennifer Pryor first tweeted, and then confirmed to TMZ that her husband did, indeed, have a sexual relationship with Marlon Brando, as Jones claimed in his interview. Pryor’s tweet read, “Hey girl: It was the 70's: enough cocaine and good music-one could fuck a radiator and send it flowers in the morning! # noshame“

Ivanka Trump still has yet to comment. The original story continues below.

Quincy Jones used to date Ivanka Trump—or so he says. In a wide-ranging interview with New York magazine’s David Marchese, the music producer casually mentioned, as an aside, that he went on a date with the First Daughter about 12 years ago. Marchese didn’t let that one go.

“He’s a crazy motherfucker,” Jones, now 84, said of Donald Trump. “Limited mentally—a megalomaniac, narcissistic. I can’t stand him. I used to date Ivanka, you know.”

Marchese responded with apparent shock at the new information: “Wait, really?” Back to Jones, who said that 12 years ago, Tommy Hilfiger, who was working with his daughter Kidada, a former model and current designer, told Jones that Ivanka wanted to have dinner with him.

“I said, ‘No problem,’” Jones recalled. “‘She’s a fine motherfucker.’ She had the most beautiful legs I ever saw in my life. Wrong father, though.”

If Jones’s 12-year time stamp is right, that would put his date (he only references one) with Ivanka in 2006, the same year she turned 25 and celebrated alongside actor and then That 70s Show star Topher Grace. It was around this time that Ivanka was rumored to be going on dates with Lance Armstrong. She denied that there was any romance there.

“I have tremendous respect for Lance and all he has accomplished,” she told People. “That said, we are just friends.”

She has not publicly commented on any date with Jones, neither at the time nor since the New York interview was published.