WAGS Atlanta Season 1 Episode 2 – ‘The Dating Game’ Kimora: Back In The Fab Lane Season 1 Episode 7 – ‘Their Inheritance Is on the Line’ Aoki works on a business idea in the hope of impressing her mother. Meanwhile, Kimora pushes Ming to go back to school, and Kenzo wants to break into modelling.

Kimora: Back In The Fab Lane Season 1 Episode 6 – ‘Ming Lee Has a Job!’ Kimora encourages her daughters to pursue their passions beyond modelling. While Ming plans the launch of her body care line, Aoki starts to lay the groundwork for her return to Bali.

Kimora: Back In The Fab Lane Season 1 Episode 4 – ‘Baby Phat or Bust’ Kimora tasks Ming and Aoki with planning the next Baby Phat photoshoot, forcing the sisters to set aside their differences and work together.

Kimora: Back In The Fab Lane Season 1 Episode 2 – ‘You’ve Reached Your Budget of Bullshit’ Kimora faces a new parenting milestone as her sons express interest in getting their ears pierced, while she manages her business and family life.

WAGS To Riches Season 1 Episode 8 – ‘It Takes a Village’ An entourage crashes Keeta’s beach volleyball party. Sadé reveals her secret. At Sharelle’s event, Stoni pulls her aside to repeat vicious gossip.

WAGS To Riches Season 1 Episode 7 – ‘Standing on Business’ The women step up to help Stoni when her boutique is in a bind. Sharelle’s friends wonder what’s up with her wedding. Sadé’s invitation may backfire.

WAGS To Riches Season 1 Episode 6 – ‘They Not Like Us’ Alexis and Johnathan get a little closer on their beach date. Ashley’s fundraising event turns into a showdown. Julz gets a reality check.

WAGS To Riches Season 1 Episode 5 – ‘What’s Up with My Prenup?’ Sharelle celebrates a deal on Juneteenth. Later, Chad and Sharelle meet with attorneys to negotiate a prenup, but a particular clause causes a stir.

WAGS To Riches Season 1 Episode 4 – ‘He’s Outside, Sweetie’ A glamping party sets the scene for a truce. Sharelle and Chad begin counseling ahead of their wedding. Stoni and Julz have a juicy gossip session.

WAGS To Riches Season 1 Episode 3 – ‘Humble Baddies’ Ashley slyly introduces Alexis to a new guy. A night out divides the women when Stoni arrives and Julz inserts herself into a conversation.

WAGS To Riches Season 1 Episode 2 – ‘Queen Bees and Wannabes’ After touring a $49M listing, Keeta tells Sharelle why she has a problem with Sadé. A shouting match breaks out at a boozy brunch.

WAGS To Riches Season 1 Episode 1 – ‘Wives. And. Girlfriends.’ Porsha hosts a cocktail party that sours when Sharelle brings up Stoni’s past. Mjaé reveals the frustrations of dating a rap star.

E! cancels ‘The Platinum Life’ along with WAGS Miami and WAGS LA There’s currently a blood bath taking place over at the E! network where it’s being reported that a newly placed executive has handed-out walking papers to the cast members of more than a >>

WAGS Atlanta Season 1 Episodes 7 & 8 – ‘Go Your Own Way’ On the season finale, Telli makes a decision that will change her and Deontay’s relationship forever, and Kesha’s priorities shift as CJ deals with a post football injury. Meanwhile, Kierra struggles with her >>

WAGS Atlanta Season 1 Episode 4 – ‘The Ultimate Ultimatum’ On episode 4, Telli seeks commitment when she and Deontay learn they’re expecting a baby, and Niche pushes Kaylin to pursue the career path she gave up. Meanwhile, Ariel and Kierra clash over >>

WAGS Atlanta Season 1 Episode 3 – ‘Belles in the Bayou’ On episode 3, Kesha and CJ try to work towards getting their relationship back on track, and Niche pushes Andre for a nanny. Meanwhile, former pageant girl Kaylin pursues a hosting career that >>

WAGS Atlanta Season 1 Episode 1 – ‘Peaches, Prayers and Players’ On the season premiere, Kaylin deals with shocking news about her pro-baseball player husband, and Kesha enlists the help of her friend Telli to deal with trust issues with her long-term boyfriend, but risks >>