Mariah Carey Was ‘Borderline Abusive’ and ‘Ruined’ Her ‘The House’ Cameo, Cedric Yarbrough Says 

Mariah Carey, making a mess of things with diva behavior? As improbable as it seems, “The House” actor Cedric Yarbrough says that it really happened.

Yarbrough took to Facebook on Wednesday to detail how the singer “ruined” an intended cameo featuring her in the film.

“Yeah, a real funny cameo was SUPPOSED to happen in the new film #TheHouse with the superstar Mariah Carey. But it was ruined by superstar Mariah Carey,” Yarbrough wrote. “The film takes place in a suburban home but is made into a ‘Casino’. Why not have Mariah be an act in the casino? Funny idea.”

Yarbrough went on to say that Carey “eventually” graced the set with her presence, “after waiting for her for 3-4 hours!” And when the porpoise-ranged songstress arrived, Yarbrough recalled, she scuttled a stunt that had been cooked up in her absence.

“While we waited the director & team had the idea of doing a stunt that Mariah’s body double would do now & bring in Mariah to match it. They do the stunt. All goes well,” Yarbrough wrote. “When Mariah finally showed up she refused to match the stunt. ‘Darling, I would never do it that way…’”

Yarbrough added that Carey “requested a large fan for her hair to be blown around and a camera that would be above her, basically a crane shot.”

The actor went on to call Carey “borderline abusive.”

“This lady was unprofessional & borderline abusive to our director, who tried his best to appease her every wish. In the acting community, it’s not very good form to ‘tell’ on your fellow actors,” Yarbrough added. “They could be having a bad day, going through some personal things, & maybe Mariah was, I don’t know. But I do know that our crew didn’t deserve that, our director didn’t.”

As unsettling as Yarbrough’s account was, the actor wrote that he hadn’t even divulged the worst of it.

“This kind of behavior just isn’t cool. I’m not even going to tell you the worst part. (i will if i see you in person & if i deem you ‘cool’),” Yarbrough wrote. “For you young actors, be on time, know your homework, but be courteous and respectful. For us old heads, the same. This kind of behavior should be called out for what it is. I miss ‘I had a vision of love’ Mariah. Be a damn professional.”