Miley Cyrus takes family drama in her stride as dad Billy Ray storms out of interview Miley Cyrus takes family drama in her stride (as dad Billy Ray storms out of radio interview over divorce question)



Her family life may be in meltdown, but Miley Cyrus appears to be doing her best to carry on as normal.

The 17-year-old singer and actress enjoyed a low-key outing in New York yesterday, where she was spotted wearing her now-customary bindi, short denim cut-offs, a Harley Davidson T-shirt, torn tights and a leather jacket.

Family drama: Miley Cyrus steps out alone in New York as her parents' divorce continues



Despite her relaxed appearance, Miley is said to be understandably upset about the split and wants her parents to reconcile.

But it doesn't look likely at this point, especially considering 49-year-old Billy Ray's recent behaviour.

The country star became irate during an interview with radio host Woody Johnson on Friday morning when the DJ asked him about the status of his marriage.

Johnson said, 'I have to ask you because you are a celebrity and we've all heard. Your marriage is going?'

Busy: Miley has been keeping herself occupied with her career

Clearly taken aback, Billy Ray responded with 'Oh man. You know what bud? Woody Johnson. Woody Johnson. God bless America, God bless our troops. Woody Johnson, look at you.'

Broken family: Billy Ray and Tish Cyrus are splitting up after 17 years together

He then cut the interview short and stormed out of the studio, despite Johnson's attempts to apologise to the Achy Breaky Heart star.

'Oh I ain't mad at you,' Billy Ray. 'Have a good day, brother.'

But he was heard complaining off-mic 'how rude' Johnson was to have asked him that question.

Poison frontman Bret Michaels last week denied having an affair with Tish after he was blamed for the break-down of their marriage.



Miley is back in the US after a trip to the UK last week.

She visited an Asda supermarket in Derby, where she signed copies of CDs and DVDs as well as launch a new clothing line, which is sold in the store's George department.

The Hannah Montana actress and pop sensation added some screen glamour when she dropped in to meet screaming fans at the flagship supercentre store.

In recent week the the Spondon store has attracted other celebs for personal appearances, including Peter Andre, Katie Price and Simon Pegg.

Many had queued for hours to see Cyrus today just hours after she had turned on the style at the MTV Europe Video Music Awards in Madrid.

Asda's PR head Leah Watson said: 'The response has been overwhelming - everybody loves Miley.