Tristan Thompson Spotted at Ohio Hospital After Khloe Kardashian Gives Birth: Pic Tristan Thompson was snapped leaving Hillcrest Hospital outside of Cleveland, Ohio, on Thursday, after Khloe Kardashian gave birth to their baby girl.

Tristan was photographed opening his car door at around 3 p.m., wearing white sneakers. The 27-year-old NBA star also skipped practice for the Cleveland Cavaliers on Thursday.

WKYC

ET previously learned that Tristan was at the hospital amid allegations that he cheated on Khloe multiple times while she was pregnant. While it is not yet know if he was in the delivery room as 33-year-old Khloe gave birth at around 4 a.m., ET learned that Khloe's mom, Kris Jenner, as well as sisters, Kim and Kourtney, and best friend, Malika Haqq, were all present in the delivery room.

“Baby and mom are healthy,” a source close to the Kardashians tells ET.

“She’s beautiful!” the source says of Khloe’s baby girl.

Another source told ET that the family kept the delivery room "as zen as possible" and that Tristan "is lucky to be there" under the circumstances.

On Tuesday, photos and videos were published by multiple outlets that allegedly show Tristan being intimate with unknown women. The source said that Tristan has been "apologetic and begging for forgiveness" since the scandal, and that although Khloe is crushed about the recent videos that have surfaced of Tristan with other women, she wants nothing more than to believe Tristan has done nothing wrong.

"Tristan is the man Khloe loves, and wants to spend her life with, so these videos have caused conflicting emotions for her," the source said.

According to the source, Khloe also isn't ready to call it quits with Tristan despite the cheating allegations.

"Khloe feels loved and safe when she is with Tristan and she isn't willing to give that up," the source said. "That's not to say she won't change her mind after the baby is born, but right now she needs to get through this birth with the father of her baby."

"She loves him, and it looks like for the time being she isn't ending their relationship," the source continued. "She is in no shape to make that decision right now."

On Wednesday, Tristan was trolled with a "We [heart] Khloe" sign and booed at the Cavaliers' game against the New York Knicks at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland.

For more on Khloe and Tristan's new baby girl, watch the video below:

RELATED CONTENT: