Fact-Checking Feud: How Bette Davis Got Revenge on Joan Crawford for That Stolen Oscar Davis’s makeup artist, Bob Schiffer, concurred—adding that Crawford’s diva behavior didn’t endear her to the crew. “Crawford wouldn’t listen to you,” said Schiffer, according to Considine. “All you did was work on the eyelashes, then hold the mirror for her between setups. It was a servitude position, and Joan made the slaves look like Boy Scouts.”

(In her defense, Davis also liked to do her own makeup: “On Charlotte I had my own makeup concept for Bette,” adds Schiffer in The Divine Feud, “which lasted about five minutes. She would say to me, ‘Don’t fuck with my face.’”)

Despite her own demands, Davis was quick to make cracks about Crawford’s high-maintenance upkeep and took delight in pointing out the “mounds of hairpieces” Crawford brought with her to cover her thinning hair.

“Maggie Donovan, who had been my hairdresser for years, said to me one day, ‘We’re up to our asses in Crawford’s hairpieces,’” said Davis, per Considine.

Later in production, when Aldrich refused to expand her part and take her character suggestions, Crawford—left with no way to legally quit the picture—took herself to Cedar Sinai hospital. And after several hospital stays, terse legal meetings, and unsuccessful talks with Crawford, Aldrich succeeded in getting the studio to agree to replace her.

“Fox had closed down my last movie [Something’s Got to Give],” George Cukor later explained to Considine, “because no actress wanted to take over for [Marilyn] Monroe. The picture was covered [by insurance], and I think Joan figured they would do the same thing for her.”

Davis, knowing that Crawford being replaced would be a masterful, final blow to the ego, phoned her friend Olivia de Havilland. When her fellow Oscar winner balked at the part, Davis sent Aldrich to meet her in person in Switzerland and convince her to take the role. When the deal was inked, in one more nasty maneuver, Davis called her press agent to leak the story.

“I heard the news of my replacement over the radio, lying in my hospital bed,” said Joan, having gotten a Davis-administered dose of her own medicine. “I wept for nine hours.” Having recovered enough to roll phone calls to press, Crawford told The Hollywood Reporter, “Aldrich knew where to long distance me all over the world when he needed me, but he made no effort to reach me here that he had signed Olivia. He let me hear it for the first time in a radio release . . . and, frankly, I think it stinks.”

“I still get chills when I think of the treachery that Miss Davis indulged in on that movie,” Crawford told Considine, “but I refused to ever let anger or hate enter my heart.”

She may not have let hate in her heart. But even while in the hospital, the movie star couldn’t resist sniping at de Havilland during these interviews, according to Ed Sikov’s Dark Victory: The Life of Bette Davis.