WWE star Paige reveals reason behind 60-day suspension and says 'I don't do drugs' as she looks to get career back on track WWE star Paige reveals reason behind 60-day suspension and says 'I don't do drugs' as she looks to get career back on track

Paige denies being suspended for taking PEDs and says she passed all the tests but failed to do it in the allocated time

Paige is adamant she didn't take drugs (Image: NBCUniversal)

WWE star Paige has revealed the real reason she was hit with a 60-day suspension and says 'I don't do drugs'.

‌



The British wrestling diva was issued with a lengthy ban back in October for her second violation of the wrestling company's Talent Wellness Programme.

‌



Paige had already been suspended back in August for 30 days and had previously denied taking illegal substances.

‌



WWE superstar Paige is adamant she has never taken drugs

WWE Superstar Shake-Up: See all the Raw stars moving to Smackdown READ MORE :

But the 24-year-old has now opened up about the heartache surrounding her suspension after being filmed on reality show Total Divas.

According to The Sun, the interview was conducted last year when Paige had just found out the news that she had been banned and broke down in tears.

‌



Paige said: “WWE posted a statement about me failing the wellness policy.

Wrestlers hit back at online trolls

“We get drug tested all the time…first of all, I don’t do drugs.

‌



“Second of all, I did the test and I passed it. They’re only suspending me because I didn’t take it in the allotted time that they gave me.”

This was only the start of a nightmare few months for the wrestling star after images and videos were leaked online of her engaging in sex acts with two male wrestlers.

But Paige looks to have finally put her ordeal behind her after getting married to former WWE star Alberto Del Rio and will never forget the support that her husband and family showed towards her.

‌



Paige is now looking to get her career back on track (Image: WireImage)

Paige added: “I made a big mistake. Huge. I put trust in the hands of someone that took advantage of a young girl years ago.

“It was my mistake and I’ll always take responsibility - but the one thing that was the hardest was thinking ‘my husband is gonna leave me, my family will disown me’.

‌



“But I’m blessed beyond words to have a family and a husband that stuck by me because they know who I am. They know I’m not a bad person and they held my hands through hell.

Paige hopes to make a return to the ring (Image: © WWE)

“Because as my husband says, ‘you may feel like the devil is throwing you into a storm, but just remember, you are the storm’.

Article continues below

"And he's right. But we are human. Unfortunately people don't see it that way when they are behind a keyboard.

"They don't think that we have feelings or that we don't suffer. Not only was I a victim of viral humiliation but a victim of cyber bullying. I had days where I wanted to physically harm myself."