Tristan Thompson reminisces about first date with Khloe Kardashian Tristan is pretty happy this guy set him up with Khloe Kardashian (Picture: Getty/ Backgrid)

While we ride the wave of wonder that is Khloe Kardashian’s pregnancy announcement (oh, you haven’t heard?) we’re lapping up all the details about how our new favourite celebrity parents-to-be, er, came to be.

Taking to Instagram overnight to comment on Khloe’s gushing Instagram snap that revealed the worst-kept secret in the world, her babydaddy and boyfriend Tristan Thompson reminisced about how he met the mogul in August last year, giving a sweet shout out to the man behind the madness.

Basketballer Brandon Jennings is the one we (and, we guess Khloe and Tristan, too) have to thank for this merry union, after he introduced 33-year-old Khloe’s to 26-year-old Tristan at Bel-Air hotel just over a year ago.

Tristan, who plays for the Cleveland Cavaliers said: ‘My love, Thank you for allowing me to be a part of your journey and entering your life that day at the bel air hotel. One of the best moments in my life.

Peak mayhem as Khloe Kardashian and Tristan Thompson announce pregnancy

(Photo: BACKGRID)

‘I’m soo happy to be on this journey together with you and creating this angel from the man above. Everyday I give thanks to him for bring[ing] us together.

‘I love you soo much and I know our little angel feels the love we share together and will know that mommy and daddy loves them unconditional forever and ever amen.

He added: ‘BTW, shoutout the brodie @brandonjennings for bringing this King and Queen together. Love my G.”

Who is Brandon Jennings?

Who set them up? This guy *points to this guy* (Photo by G Fiume/Getty Images)

He’s a 28-year-old pro who played for the New York Knicks in their 2016-17 season.

Tristan once said of the role Brandon played introducing them in August last year that, it was ‘one of the best lobs (he) has ever thrown in his career.’

Khloe has already spoken about how she met Tristan, telling Ryan Seacrest about the moment it all came together.

She said: ‘Brandon Jennings, who is a basketball player, he is a friend of mine and Malika [Haqq]’s, and he was like, “You’re such a good girl, I want to introduce you to someone”,’.

She added: ‘I was at the Bel-Air hotel. [Tristan] came to the dinner because I didn’t want to go on a blind date, so Brandon kind of ambushed the blind date.

‘So, I had a bunch of people and he brought him and we just connected.’

Now look where we are…

Late last night UK time Khloe broke the news she was expecting a baby with her boyfriend of a year, Tristan.

In a length Instagram post, accompanied by a glistening bump pic, she said: ‘My greatest dream realized! We are having a baby! I had been waiting and wondering but God had a plan all along. He knew what He was doing. I simply had to trust in Him and be patient. I still at times can’t believe that our love created life!

‘Tristan, thank you for loving me the way that you do! Thank you for treating me like a Queen! Thank you for making me feel beautiful at all stages! Tristan, most of all, Thank you for making me a MOMMY!!! You have made this experience even more magical than I could have envisioned!’

The post has been liked more than 6.7 million times in 12 hours, so we reckon it’ll give Beyonce’s February pregnancy announcement shot a run for its money as most-liked post of 2017.

She’s got five million likes and eight days to go.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

Arrow MORE: Khloe Kardashian net worth, bump picture and age as she confirms she is pregnant

Arrow MORE: That’s not an engagement ring on Khloe Kardashian’s left hand

That is, unless little sister Kylie Jenner makes a certain big announcement in the coming days…