Blac Chyna 'pretty much will be living' in Rob Kardashian's new home It was reported earlier this week that he is moving into his own home.

And it seems like Rob Kardashian won't be alone.

The 28-year-old will be joined in his new house by his model girlfriend Blac Chyna according to a Wednesday report from E! News.

Scroll down for video

Moving in? Rob Kardashian will be joined in his new home by his model girlfriend Blac Chyna according to a Wednesday report from E! News

A source told the entertainment site: 'Chyna has been helping Rob with the house. She pretty much will be living there once it is up and running.

'They both have discussed moving in with each other. They feel this is a fresh house and a fresh start for them.'

No doubt that is a big move as the two have yet to even hit the two month mark of officially dating.

Despite their generally short time together, the youngest Kardashian sibling appears to be fully trusting of the Lashed beauty salon owner as he is letting her control the reins when it comes to the decor of the new property.

Moving on up: It was reported earlier this week that the 28-year-old has bought a $2.3m home in Calabasas

The insider explained: 'Rob is letting her take control of whatever she wants. She is his queen.

'She is helping with the decorating and the new pieces in the home. They haven't moved in yet, but will very soon.'

Chyna also has been helping with Rob's diet and recently shared an Instagram video of the food stocked in his kitchen, according to an article on Wednesday by TMZ.

'Are we supposed to eat this?,' she can be heard saying as the video showed cartons of sorbet, 'raincoast crisps' and I Can't Believe It's Not Butter.

'What is that?!,' Chyna exclaimed as she repeatedly giggled and made Rob laugh.

Lots of space: The 4,256 sq ft two-storey house, sits on 12,700 sq ft of land

Sources said that Rob and Chyna have a strict rule against eating carbohydrates that has been instrumental in his weight loss.

The younger brother of Kim Kardashian is seemingly not only welcoming his girlfriend to his new place but also her three-year-old son King Cairo.

She shares the child with rapper Tyga, who is currently in a relationship with Rob's 18-year-old half-sister Kylie Jenner.

Loved up: Rob and the model have been dating for less than two months but seems certainly seem to be getting hot and heavy between the two as they were spotted putting on an amorous display

The source said: 'Rob is making a room for Chyna's child....he loves him.'

No doubt that he is aiming to maintain his 40 pound weight loss as it is claimed that he will have a gym on the property.

Rob is the new owner of a $2.3million home in the same exclusive gated Calabasas neighbourhood as his sisters Khloe, Kourtney, and Kylie, and up the road from Kim and even Kris herself, according to TMZ.

According to the site, the momager 'helped out' with the purchase, which is under the family trust.

The 4,256 sq ft two-storey house, on 12,700 sq ft of land, boasts four bedrooms and five bathrooms.

Things certainly seem to be heating up for the couple as UsWeekly recently reported that Rob is so smitten with the pinup that he is not only going to get a tattoo for her, but he is already 'talking about a proposal.'

Big heart: It has been reported that Rob is also making space for Chyna's three-year-old son King Cairo, as they are pictured here during an outing in LA back in January 2014

'He feels he's never been this into a girl and that she's the one for life,' a source said.

This all comes at an interesting time for the former star of Keeping Up With The Kardashians as he posted an eyebrow-raising message on his Instagram Tuesday evening.

The full entry read: 'When the p***y good but your family don't like her so you drop your family and become an orphan.'