Selena Gomez Completes Treatment For Depression And Anxiety With news that Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez have finally been spotted for the first time in 2018 since she was rumoured to have fallen out with her mother, we can finally share the reason why the duo have been separated in recent weeks.

Advertisement

E! News has confirmed the 25-year-old recently completed a two-week treatment programme for depression and anxiety.

‘She had a difficult year, especially towards the end, and she decided she wanted to spend some time focusing on herself,’ a source told the news outlet.

‘It was all about wellness and her health.’

Selena reportedly sought professional help in New York City, months after she unfollowed her mother, Mandy Teefey, on Instagram following rumours the pair had argued over her rekindled romance with Justin.

Advertisement

E! News reports Bieber was aware of Gomez’s decision to seek treatment and fully supported her decision.

‘She wanted to get back to a healthy place,’ a source added. ‘She feels great.’

In 2016, the ‘Bad Liar’ singer cancelled 34 remaining dates on her Revival world tour to seek treatment at a Tennessee facility to help her with anxiety, panic attacks and depression.

Advertisement

Picking up the award for favourite female pop/rock artist at the AMAs that year, the singer-turned-actress revealed: ‘I was absolutely broken inside.

‘I’m not trying to get validation nor do I need it anymore. All I can say is that from the bottom of my heart I’m so grateful to be able to share what I love every single day with the people that I love.’

The news of Gomez’s recent treatment comes a day after the rumoured couple were spotted attending a church service and hockey match together in Los Angeles.

Advertisement

‘They were very happy to see everyone there and were giving lot of hugs and saying hello as they entered,’ an eyewitness told E! News. ‘They both seemed happy and relaxed.’

We’re glad to see Gomez prioritising her health.

Via: ELLE UK