Alexa Chung and Alexander Skarsgård confirm they are back together Alexa Chung appeared to confirm her relationship with Alexander Skarsgård is back on after returning to London with the Swedish actor on Sunday.

The couple, who reportedly ended their two-year relationship last June, made their way across St. Pancras International train station after arriving in the English capital via Eurostar.

Alexa, 34, sported a hooded top beneath a fitted winter coat while walking alongside Alexander, 41, best known for his role in HBO fantasy drama True Blood.

Reunited: Alexa Chung appeared to confirm her relationship with Alexander Skarsgaaard is back on after returning to London with the Swedish actor on Sunday

The couple, who have not been seen together since parting ways last summer, linked arms as they exited the station and made their way onto the street.

Idling on the pavement, Alexander slung a travel bag over one shoulder while chatting with Alexa as they waited for their car.

A source told Us Weekly: 'The two seemed happy but a bit tired. They walked through the station holding hands.

Back on: The couple, who reportedly ended their two-year relationship last June, made their way across St. Pancras International train station after arriving in the English capital via Eurostar

Close: The couple, who have not been seen together since parting ways last summer, linked arms as they exited the station and made their way onto the street

Let's go: The pair were back in London after travelling to the English capital from Paris

'This was late in the morning and they arrived on a Eurotrain. They were quiet and just walked through the station alone.'

The couple originally confirmed their split in July, with friends claiming the separation was entirely amicable.

A source told E! Online: 'No one cheated on anyone. It was a clean breakup that was caused by busy schedules and distance.

Low key: Alexa sported a hooded top beneath a fitted winter coat while walking alongside Alexander best known for his role in HBO fantasy drama True Blood

Previously: The couple originally confirmed their split in July, with friends claiming the separation was entirely amicable

Plenty to talk about: The pair chatted together as they idled outside the station on Sunday

'They really did love each other and were pretty serious. They still have respect for each other.'

Separate sources claim Alexa and Alexander have remained in regular contact since the split, adding: 'Alexa is always friends with her exes. She’s always cool with everyone she dates and stays in contact and even will hang out with them after they break up.

'She and her other exes have hung out after they break up and (Alexander) is no exception. They still text each other all the time and met up when they were in the same city.'

MailOnline has contacted a representative for further comment.

Don't mind me: Alexa blended with fellow travelers after returning to London from Paris