Kim defends herself after calling Kourtney lazy: She 'sure wanna live that Kardashian life though' Kim Kardashian West and Kourtney Kardashian's feud is heating up — and now Kim is firing back at a fan who sided with Kourtney.

Ahead of the "Keeping Up With the Kardashians" season 15 premiere Sunday, several previews have been released to get viewers ready for the latest installment of Kardashian-Jenner antics. One video in particular — which shows the two sisters getting into an explosive argument and Kourtney calling Kim an "evil human being" — has gained plenty of attention.

After a fan on Twitter defended Kourtney's attitude and said that the 39-year-old is "done living this Kardashian life," Kim chimed in with some choice words.

The mother of three said that Kourtney "sure wanna live that Kardashian life though" and fans should "tune in before you start acting like you know things."

—Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) August 2, 2018

In response to Kourtney crying over Kim naming her "the least interesting to look at," another Twitter user jumped in and said that their dispute is typical of any siblings, and isn't really a big deal. Kim agreed and said "Exactly!!!"

—Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) August 2, 2018

The two "KUWTK" videos that have been released focus on the problems between Kim and Kourtney. In the most recent, Kim slammed her older sister for not being accommodating as they prepared to shoot their annual Christmas card.

Kourtney — who also has three children — cried over the phone and said "you guys just really different values than me." The 39-year-old added that she didn't want to "live my life around people that make me not feel good on a daily basis."

In another preview, Kim and Khloe Kardashian were visibly annoyed by Kourtney's attitude as they tried to discuss the photo shoot and a baby shower — while the latter was glued to her phone.

Fans will learn more about the sibling feud when season 15 of "KUWTK" premieres on Sunday, August 5 at 9 p.m. on E!.

For more great stories, head to INSIDER's homepage.