Justice League with Ben Affleck, Gal Gadot and Ezra Miler adds 2 new cast members Jesse Eisenberg and Connie Nielsen are set to star in the new Justice League film, which will be released November 17, 2017.

The film already stars Ben Affleck as Batman, Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman, Ezra Miller as The Flash, Ray Fisher as Cyborg, Jason Momoa as Aquaman, Amber Heard as Mera and Henry Cavill as Superman.

Jesse has already starred as Lex Luthor in Batman v Superman: Dawn Of Justice and Connie plays Hippolyta in Wonder Woman.

More: Jesse Eisenberg and Connie Nielsen are set to star in the new Justice League film, which will be released November 17, 2017

Warner Bros made the revelations during its big announcement about its new movies for 2017, according to Collider.

Jesse hinted back in May at the MCM London Comic Con that Luthor would be back in Justice League, although he was cautious not to reveal too much.

Speaking at the time, Jesse said: 'I'm kind of in wait [mode]. I don't know what I'm allowed to say, because I feel like there's probably some drone following me from DC, and if I say anything wrong I get, you know, picked off.

To come: The film already stars Ben Affleck as Batman, Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman, Ezra Miller as The Flash, Ray Fisher as Cyborg, Jason Momoa as Aquaman, Amber Heard as Mera and Henry Cavill as Superman

'But yeah I think so, and I love it, and I love everybody who's in it. You know, it's a really talented group of people.'

Warner Bros also gave an insight into the upcoming Justice League.

In a synopsis, Warner Bros explained: 'Fuelled by his restored faith in humanity and inspired by Superman's selfless act, Bruce Wayne enlists the help of his newfound ally, Diana Prince, to face an even greater enemy.

'Together, Batman and Wonder Woman work quickly to find and recruit a team of metahumans to stand against this newly awakened threat. But despite the formation of this unprecedented league of heroes - Batman, Wonder Woman, Aquaman, Cyborg and The Flash - it may already be too late to save the planet from an assault of catastrophic proportions.'