Kylie Jenner throws her own baby shower all in pink Kylie Jenner has thrown her own baby shower.

The 20-year-old beauty was seen hosting her very own fete in her Hidden Hills, California mansion on Sunday as she was seen in silk pajamas in her backyard which was heavily decorated with pink flowers.

This comes one day after her sister Kim Kardashian threw her baby shower at her Bel-Air, California home that recently sold for nearly $18m. Kim, 37, is expecting her third child with husband Kanye West via surrogate in December.

Celebrate: Kylie Jenner has thrown her own baby shower. The 20-year-old beauty was seen hosting her very own fete on Sunday in her Hidden Hills, California mansion

A glimpse of KJ: Here the 20-year-old star can be seen looking through the tent walls

On hand: Also there was mama Kris Jenner who helped with the sing in book

Pink hair too: Kylie is seen here in an old photo she posted over the weekend; People magazine claims Jenner did all the work for her own shower

Kylie had on a cream colored silk pajama set as did her mother Kris. Kim was also reportedly there.

They were in Kylie's back yard making arrangements that included a bar and a big light pink tent.

There were several white tables and pink flowers. Her swimming pool was also filled with pink flowers.

The setting: Kylie had on a cream colored silk pajama set as did her mother Kris. They were in Kylie's back yard making arrangements

Is that little North? A child was seen next to a large floral arrangement

A big bar: There was plenty of space for wine glasses and wine bottles

Kylie has yet to admit she is expecting her first child with rapper Travis Scott, though she did seem to flash an engagement ring over the weekend.

And the reality TV icon did not share her party on social media.

According to a People source, the theme of Kylie’s pink baby shower was 'pajama party,' similar to the one Kim threw in 2015.

So much pink: There was pink in her pool too as three sitting areas were shown

Quite the spread: There were also tents and long tables as well as a big bar

Another look: Here is another angle of the bash; it appeared early in the day as guests were not yet at the tables

A lot of effort: There was fake grass placed over the real grass and oversized white lamps

Not a bad day: Several potted trees lined the tent, making it look like a secret garden

A few guests: Some women were seated at a table but most of the view of the crowd was blocked by a pink sheet

That was when she was expecting her son Saint. Kim already has daughter North, aged four.

It is not known if TV cameras for KUWTK were at Kylie's fete.

A People source added that Kylie had been planning her shower 'for a while' and at the last minute Kim decided to throw her shower the day before, which seems like odd timing.

Kim 'decided early last week to throw her own shower on the same weekend as her sister.'

Mindy Weiss was the party planner for Kim; it is not known who Kylie used.

Twice as nice: Here Kylie is seen at Kim's baby shower in Bel-Air on Saturday

So much pink everywhere: Here is a look at the outside of Kim's baby shower

As far as Kim's party, it has been reported by People that her surrogate was not there.

'It was a last-minute baby shower. Guests received an invitation earlier this week. It was a low-key celebration with family and close friends,' it was added about Kim's event.

'Kim was excited to celebrate. She can’t wait for her baby girl to arrive. They’re still deciding on a name — Kim asked guests to share their favorite names.'

Khloe is also reportedly pregnant with Tristan Thompson's baby, but has yet to confirm anything. There has been no sign of a baby shower for her yet.

Bling: Kylie has yet to admit she is expecting her first child with rapper Travis Scott, though she did seem to flash an engagement ring over the weekend

Meanwhile, Kylie has been trying hard to stay out of the public eye.

'Even though this is a very exciting time for her, she wants to be more private for now and is doing her best to stay out of the public eye,' said the People source.

'She feels good, but her body is changing.

'She doesn’t want to be photographed. At the moment, she wants more privacy. She has family and friends come to her house instead so she has company. She’s very excited about the baby, though. She talks about the baby nonstop.'