April the giraffe baby sex revealed: Giraffe calf is a BOY We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

April the giraffe's calf gets up and takes its first steps

The zoo which live streamed the birth will now hold a competition to name the tiny calf.

The baby was born at around 2.55pm BST on Saturday April, 15 with nearly one million people watching the live stream. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

After weeks of patiently waiting viewers were stunned by the birth.

ANIMAL ADVENTURE PARK April the giraffe gives birth: New York zoo reveals calf is a BOY

ANIMAL ADVENTURE PARK April the giraffe gets to know her son: Calf finally born in New York

Now, they will get the chance to name April's fourth calf.

There was an initial delay in announcing the sex of the calf as veterinarians at the zoo wanted to give the pair time to meet one another properly. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

April is now taking care of her newborn calf and the YouTube live stream from her upstate New York zoo continues. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Some claimed now is the most heart-warming part of the long awaited birth.

We are proud to announce that April the Giraffe had her calf this morning and....it's a boy Animal Adventure Park

One Twitter user said: "So the 800,000 people that stopped watching #AprilTheGiraffe after the baby was born are missing the suckling and nuzzling and awwwwww."

The pregnancy lasted 15 months, while the birth itself took very little time.

April, 15, gave birth under the watchful eye of the calf's father Ollie, aged five.

A message from the Animal Adventure Park said: "We are proud to announce that April the Giraffe had her calf this morning and....it's a boy."

ANIMAL ADVENTURE PARK April giving birth: Tens of thousands watched as April the giraffe gave birth