Prince stopped speaking to his ex-wife when she miscarried A new book about Prince's life written by his ex-wife Mayte Garcia details how the pair's relationship fell apart in 1996 after the loss of their first child just days after his birth.

That was just the beginning of Mayte's heartache however, as a little over one year later she lost her second children when she miscarried on the first day of her second trimester.

Mayte writes in her book 'The Most Beautiful' that she was devastated when the doctor told her the news, but also relieved that unlike her first son Amiir this baby would not be born into the world and have to experience days of pain before his death.

Her husband meanwhile acted distant and ignored her when she told him, reveals Mayte, who decided to go spend some time with her mother so she could have some compassion during her time of grief.

Scroll down for video

The way they were: Mayte Garcia writes about how Prince responded to the news that she had miscarried in her new book about the singer, 'The Most Beautiful' (pictured in April 1997)

Baby joy: Back in the day: Mayte became pregnant in August 1997 with the couple's second child (Mayte above in Times Square on Tuesday)

She then told Prince over a week later that she was still bleeding heavily and growing increasingly concerned, so she had spoke with a doctor who had said she needed to go in and have a procedure done to remove the lining of her uterus.

That is when the singer, who had converted and become a Jehovah's Witness after the death of the couple's first son, informed his wife that she would not be getting the procedure.

This despite the fact that Mayte's own life was at risk.

Mayte writes that the first trimester of her pregnancy had been going great, and that she felt good and all signs were pointing toward a healthy baby.

She wanted to wait however to share the good news, given that in October of the previous year she and Prince had lost their son.

She eagerly waited until November 19, the day when she could finally share the good news and go in and get an ultrasound and hear her baby's heartbeat.

When the day came however, it was nothing like what she had been imagining and hoping for over the previous three months.

'I went into the bathroom and found blood seeping out of me. It felt like a long walk to the telephone,' writes Garcia.

She called up her husband to let him know what was happening before she left to go have the check-up that had already been scheduled for the day.

He said nothing, voiced no concern and did not even volunteer to accompany his wife.

Once she got to the doctors and had her ultrasound the bad news was confirmed, there was no heartbeat.

Then, the 24-year-old had to tell her husband, 39, that their child was gone.

Mayte said she had to gather herself before she could even face Prince, and that when he saw her sobbing and heard the news he said: 'I need to go to the studio.'

He then turned and walk off, while Mayte went to her mother's home.

All about Prince: Mayte kept the news of her second preganncy a secret from everyone but her husband and made an appointment to get an ultrasound and hear the heartbeat on November 19 (Mayte above on GMA Tuesday with her book)

Tough time: Mayte learned that she had lost her baby on the very first day of her second trimester (Mayte performs onstage with Prince in 1991 during a concert in New York City)

When she returned home she told Prince that she had been bleeding for days and would be going in to have a dilation and curettage to stop the flow, with her doctor concerned she could hemorrhage and possibly lose her life if she did not undergo the procedure.

'Nature will take it's course if you let it,' said Prince according to Mayte. 'Either we have faith or we don't.'

Mayte refused to listed and went in to have the procedure, with Prince refusing to come with his young wife for the difficult appointment.

'I'm not going to risk my fertility for something I don't believe in,' said Mayte, referring to Prince's newfound faith.

'I'm going to do what the doctors say. I'm going to the hospital.'

She then begged Prince to come but he would not budge.

'I don't believe in what you're doing,' he told his wife.

He had his limo driver take her to the hospital, and Mayte writes that as she lay there she though to herself: 'I'm just a birthday-loving pagan. And there's nothing wrong with that.'

Cruel: 'I have to go to the studio,' responded Prince, who then left the house and his 24-year-old wife, after she revealed she had suffered a miscarriage (left in 1993, right in 1995)

Beginning of the end: Mayte said that the pair's relationship began to crumble after the loss of their first son and her undercarriage

Mayte writes in the book that just one year earlier the couple was bursting with joy when she gave birth to their son Amiir on October 16, 1996 after years of trying to have a child.

That changed in almost an instant however when the pair soon learned that the boy had a rare genetic disorder, Pfeiffer syndrome type 2.

'I don’t know how to describe the look on my husband’s face. Pure joy,' writes Garcia about those first moments after the birth.

'And then they held the baby up to those harsh lights. The elation on my husband’s face turned to pure terror.'

Amiir died just six days later, with Garcia writing that towards the end it became too difficult for the boy to even breathe.

She was sent home on the day her son died and sleeping when he passed, with prince refusing to wake her up to see her boy one last time she writes in the book.

Mayte then took to her bed for days, laying there while cradling her son's ashes.

Prince meanwhile fled their home one day after the couple received their son's urn.

'The Most Beautiful' is on bookshelves now.