The Complete Spring Break Packing List What’s your Spring Break vibe this year? Maybe you’re hopping on a plane and heading somewhere tropical to enjoy a little sand, sun, and surf. Or, maybe you and your besties are all piling into your car and hitting the road for a wintery getaway, complete with snow angels and fireside hangs. Even if you’re simply planning a relaxing staycation at home (which can sometimes be the *best* way to spend the week, IMO), it’s all about preparation and packing the right things.

From vacay-ready fits to binge-worthy books, we’re breaking down everything you need to bring with the ultimate college Spring Break packing list. That way, you can worry less about what’s in your suitcase and spend more time having fun!

BEAUTY BAG

Makeup

An intense lip plumping gloss with chili pepper and Maxi-Lip™ that delivers an intense heated sensation & lasting plump effect

A travel-friendly eyeshadow palette

Liquid blush for that sunkissed glow (without the sun)

A hydrating concealer that gives you up to 12 hours of moisturizing wear crease-resistant coverage

4-in-1 makeup for a perfected glow look that primes, conceals, highlights, and evens skin tone with light coverage (so you can get out the door faster in the morning)

A shimmery bronzer to warm up your complexion

An ultra-fine eyebrow pencil to give you filled, natural-looking brows

A setting spray to lock in your look

A full-volume and limitless-length mascara for impact from every angle

An ink pen eyeliner that withstands it all — waterproof, smudge-, fade-, and flake-resistant

Brushes and a beauty blender (and any other tools you use to apply your makeup!)

Skincare

A lightweight moisturizer to combat that post-plane dryness

Sunscreen (aim for SPF 30 or higher!)

A gentle cleanser to wash away sweat, dirt, and more

Pimple patches to stop blemishes in their tracks

Face masks for those relaxation days

A lip mask to keep your pout hydrated

A gentle micellar cleansing water that can remove even the most stubborn waterproof mascara

Reusable cotton pads to make your skincare routine more sustainable

ETC.

Shampoo, conditioner, and body wash

Dry shampoo to keep your vacay hair looking flawless in between washes

Deodorant

Toothbrush and toothpaste

Razor and shaving cream

Hairbrush

Hairstyling tools (i.e. hairdryer and curling iron for those beach waves)

Hair ties

Tweezers to tame your brows or deal with boardwalk splinters

A mini first-aid kit

Feminine hygiene products (even if it’s not your time of the month, it can’t hurt to have supplies on hand for your besties)

CLOTHES

WARM WEATHER DESTINATIONS

Casual and going-out dresses

A breezy matching set

Crop tops and graphic tees

A lightweight sweater or hoodie (for chillier nights)

Mini and midi skirts

Denim shorts

Bathing suits

Beach coverups

Loungewear

Comfy slides (for chilling by the pool or on the sand)

Platform heels (so you can look good without hurting your feet on nights out)

Neutral sneakers

A beach-ready tote bag

A chic clutch (to hold your going-out essentials)

A wide-brim hat

A baseball cap

COLD WEATHER DESTINATIONS

A warm coat or jacket

Snow gear for skiing, sledding, or snowboarding

Fleece-lined leggings (trust me. these are a game changer)

Cozy slippers

Jeans or trousers

Knee-high boots (that you can dress up or down)

Basic long-sleeve tees

Chunky knit sweaters or cardigans

A sweaterdress (for fancier occasions)

Flannel PJs

A matching knit set

Extra-warm socks (bonus points if they’re fuzzy)

Beanies or earmuffs

Texting gloves (because cold hands can wait, but spilling tea in the group chat can’t)

TOTE Bag

Ticket(s) (for traveling and any events you’re attending)

Cell phone

ID (if you’re staying within the U.S., use your driver’s license, or if you’re traveling abroad, your passport!)

Sunglasses

Medications

Gum

Wallet (keep some cash on you in case you run into any issues with your cards)

Snacks

Reusable water bottle (make sure it’s empty if you’re going through airport security!)

Antibacterial gel

Headphones

Miscellaneous