Married at First sight star Jamie Otis reveals miscarriage two days after positive pregnancy test Just two days after happily posting to Instagram that she'd had a positive pregnancy test, The Bachelor alum Jamie Otis has revealed she's suffered a miscarriage.

The 32-year-old reality star, who met husband Doug Hehner on TV's Married at First Sight, announced the news, again on Instagram, alongside a photo of herself with one-year-old daughter Henley Grace.

She said she'd had a chemical pregnancy - which is when a home test picks up the body's changes that come with a fertilized egg but it's too early for a pregnancy to be detected with an ultrasound.

Sad news: Just two days after happily posting to Instagram that she'd had a positive pregnancy test, The Bachelor alum Jamie Otis revealed in a long post Sunday she suffered a miscarriage

Explaining her absence from social media after uploading a photo of herself with what appeared to be a positive pregnancy test, Otis wrote: 'Sorry I’ve been MIA, this very bizarre positive pregnancy test then negative test then faint positive lines gave me hope that Gracie was going to become a big sis in 9 months, but the night before last I began having terrible contraction-like pains & spotting.'

'Then over the night full blown everything — if you know what I mean,' she went on. 'I’m a nurse so I had my suspicions; but my midwife confirmed I had a chemical pregnancy.'

It's not the first time the reality star has miscarried.

She lost her first pregnancy at four months, losing a baby boy she had already named Jonathan.

Hoping to get pregnant: Otis, 32, desperately wants to provide a sibling for her one-year-old daughter and posted, left, about her confusing home test results before sharing, right, an image of what she thought was a positive test on Friday

Otis continued on Instagram Sunday: 'I don’t know why some people have it seemingly SO easy to get preggers & carry their babies to term and others struggle? What i do know is that i am so, so thankful for this little girl [and her daddy].'

'Has this happened to anyone else where you go through a loss & then all you want – the only healing thought – is to become pregnant with a healthy pregnancy?! This happened to me after our sweet Johnathan & the same feelings have come back.'

She then went on to thank everyone for their support and prayers.