Brad Goreski Marries Gary Janetti on a Caribbean Cruise Ship Setting sail! Brad Goreski married TV producer Gary Janetti aboard a luxury cruise ship in the Caribbean on Tuesday, December 26.

Related: The Must-See Stylish Celebrity Weddings of 2017 2017 was a major year for celebrity weddings: From Gucci Mane’s lavish and extravagant ceremony that spared no expense (and included a diamond bouquet) to Julianne Hough‘s down-home vibe to Julia Stiles‘ DL wedding ceremony with two guests, check out the most stylish celebrities who got married in the past year. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. […]

The intimate ceremony was officiated by Seabourn Sojourn captain Tim Roberts at sunset. The Fashion Police cohost, 40, wore a custom royal blue suit by Isaia, while his 51-year-old groom donned a gray suit that was also designed by the Italian menswear brand. Their wedding rings were crafted by David Yurman.

Related: Celebrity Engagement Rings of 2017 See all of the celebrity engagement rings of 2017, from Kirsten Dunst's diamond solitaire to Colton Haynes' sparkling engagement band!

“We’re married!” Goreski gushed on Instagram. “After over 16 years together @garyjanetti and I finally tied the knot aboard the @seabourncruise Sojourn with our close family in attendance! We couldn’t be happier! Thank you @isaia for our custom suits and @davidyurman for our custom wedding bands.”

The longtime couple met in Athens, Greece, and became engaged in August 2014.

Related: Celebrity Couples and How They First Met: Love Story Beginnings Star-crossed lovers! Ever wonder how celebrity couples like Brangelina, Tom and Gisele, and the Beckhams first met? Whether it was through mutual friends or at work, check out their love story beginnings here!

Goreski previously said his successful career in reality TV helped bring him closer to Janetti, who is best known for his work on Family Guy, Will & Grace and the British sitcom Vicious. “The strange thing is, [my career] made our relationship so much better because now we have this really weird, strange experience that we’ve been through together,” the celebrity stylist said during an interview on HuffPost Live in February 2016. “[Janetti is] very, very funny and also so easy to live with. There are way more things that I love about him than things that drive me crazy.”