‘NCIS’ Renewed For Next Season By CBS As Star & EP Mark Harmon Inks New Deal NCIS star and executive producer Mark Harmon has signed a new agreement to continue on the CBS/CBS TV Studios series. With him on board, the long-running crime procedural drama has been renewed for the 2018-2019 broadcast season.

Primetime-Panic Your Complete Guide to Pilots and Straight-to-Series orders See All

Now in its 15th season, NCIS remains CBS’ #1 drama series. Additionally, it has been crowned as the most-watched drama in the world in three of the last four years and is the reigning champ in the category as the recipient of the 2017 International Audience Award by Eurodata TV Worldwide and the Monte Carlo Television Festival. NCIS is currently licensed in more than 200 territories.

CBS

“It’s pretty simple – viewers everywhere love NCIS,” said Kelly Kahl, President, CBS Entertainment. “This show speaks to viewers of all ages, in all parts of the country and around the world. NCIS’ amazing characters and terrific storytelling result in some of TV’s most passionate fans. Of course, none of this would be possible without an outstanding production team, and talented cast led by the incomparable and absolutely tireless Mark Harmon. We’re thrilled he is returning as the centerpiece of the show, and we could not be more excited for NCIS’ 16th season.”

This season, NCIS is averaging 17.0 million viewers and is one of the top five most-watched shows on broadcast television. NCIS also is one of the most-watched primetime series across CBS’ digital platforms, including CBS All Access and in the Electronic Sell Through market. In syndication, previous season episodes of NCIS are cable television’s most-watched off-network drama, out-delivering the next closest competitor by +23%. NCIS is also cable’s second most-watched off-net series — comedy or drama — behind only The Big Bang Theory.

It is not a coincidence that NCIS and Big Bang are among the three CBS returning series already renewed for next season, along with comedy Mom. Additionally, the network has picked up three freshmen for 2018-19, comedy Young Sheldon and dramas S.W.A.T. and SEAL Team. NCIS’ renewal had been considered a formality, contingent only on CBS TV Studios closing a new deal with Harmon, whose current contract is up at the end of this season. He has deep ties with the NCIS franchise, serving as an executive producer on both the mothership series and offshoot NCIS: New Orleans.

NCIS premiered on CBS in 2003. It rose to #1 most watched broadcast drama series during the 2009-2010 season and has held the top spot ever since.