Ben Affleck 'Winces' When Jennifer Garner Mentions John Miller (EXCLUSIVE ACCESS, SPECIAL RATES APPLY) attends the 2014 Vanity Fair Oscar Party Hosted By Graydon Carter on March 2, 2014 in West Hollywood, California.

Sounds like they’re even! Jennifer Garner wasn’t exactly fond of Ben Affleck‘s last girlfriend (Shauna Sexton), and now he’s not a fan of her new man. A source tells In Touch magazine that even though Cali Burger CEO John Miller is the “nicest guy,” Ben can’t help but not like him.

“Ben is used to his ex-wife dropping everything for him, but that’s all changed and he’s no longer at the top of her list of priorities,” an insider tells the mag, on newsstands now. Apparently, the Gone Girl actor is also a tad jealous. “He winces whenever Jen brings up John’s name. He can’t help finding faults with him, even though John’s the nicest guy and hasn’t done anything wrong.”

Jen was initially apprehensive about jumping back into the dating pool. Just last year, the 13 Going on 30 star said she didn’t want to be set up on a date. She told reporters at the Hollywood Foreign Press Conference, “I would not choose to be single or be in this position. It’s something that we are working through. I haven’t been on a date and I am not interested in dating. People want to set me up and I am just like, ‘No, thank you!'”

Well, we’re happy she took a chance because it sounds like she’s living her best life. (Sorry, Ben!) A separate insider revealed to the outlet, “Jen trusts John. She didn’t go into this romance lightly. She’s realized that he’s the guy for her. She knows some people think it’s too soon, but now that their romance is no longer a secret, they want to be together 24/7.” *Cue the awws*

They continued, “After all that she’s been through with Ben — the cheating, the addiction relapses, the public humiliation — her relationship with John is like a dream. Jen says that getting treated like a queen by John has taken some getting used to, but she’s loving it.”

For more on this story, pick up the latest issue of In Touch Weekly, on newsstands now!