Lucy Hale 'has jewellery worth $15,000 stolen Lucy Hale has' lost jewellery worth in excess of $15,000' following a reported burglary at her Los Angeles home.

The Pretty Little Liars star, 28, is thought to be calculating the exact financial loss following the raid on her property in the city’s San Fernando Valley in the early hours of Friday morning.

TMZ report a front window was smashed and valuable jewellery and handbags snatched during what was believed to be an opportunistic burglary.

Scroll down for video

Drama: Lucy Hale has lost jewellery worth in excess of $15,000 following a reported burglary at her Los Angeles home

While the collective loss has been estimated at $15,000, Hale is reportedly still in the process of conducting a full inventory of the house and its contents.

Speaking in May 2017, the Memphis born actress told Elle that moving to Los Angeles had been a cultural change.

She said. 'I'm from Tennessee. So a lot of people there think the same, which is fine if you think that way. When I moved to L.A., I was exposed to different ways of thinking, different views, different ways of life.

Missing: The Pretty Little Liars star, 28, is thought to be calculating the exact financial loss following the raid on her property in the city’s San Fernando Valley in the early hours of Friday morning

'And I felt way more at home in L.A. I always thought I felt differently than the views I grew up around. And L.A., New York, D.C., they're almost like their own little worlds.

'I was in New York on Election Day and it was the most bizarre energy I've ever felt in my life. It was very strange. I go back home, and I'm from Memphis, and it's just not the same.'

She added: 'I go home as often as I can. I'm super close to my family. And there are aspects of it that I miss. I'll go home and see people that have 9-to-5 jobs and these quote-unquote "simple lives" and I think, Oh, that must be so nice! And I love my family so much, and they're just really good people.

Valuables: While the collective loss has been estimated at $15,000, Hale is reportedly still in the process of conducting a full inventory of the house and its contents

'But LA will always be my home. I've always felt like the black sheep of my family, and I feel like this is more where I belong.

'I love going home to get grounded and get a sense of reality again. But I love LA. This is where I ultimately grew up. I moved here at 15. So in a few years I'll have lived here longer than I lived in Memphis.'

MailOnline has contacted a representative for further comment.