Jordana Brewster of Fast And Furious fame shows off her winning figure in low-cut gown at gala She was one of the prettiest things in the Fast And Furious franchise.

And it looks as if Jordana Brewster is still stunning her fans off screen too as she looked incredible when at the Baby2Baby event on Saturday in LA.

The 38-year-old actress from Panama wore a low-cut gown that highlighted her trim figure.

A 10: She was one of the prettiest things in the Fast And Furious franchise. And it looks as if Jordana Brewster is still stunning her fans off screen too as she looked incredible when at the Baby2Baby event on Saturday in LA

Happy lady: The looker smiled as she showed off fabulous diamond earrings

The brunette bombshell made her acting debut in an episode of All My Children in 1995 and next took on the recurring role as Nikki Munson in As the World Turns.

Then movies came calling.

She has worked on several Fast And Furious movies as the co-star of Paul Walker, who died in a fiery crash in 2013, leaving daughter Meadow behind.

Brewster is now on TV's Lethal Weapon which used to star Clayne Crawford.

She nailed it: The 38-year-old actress from Panama wore a low-cut gown that highlighted her trim figure

Her gig: Brewster is now on TV's Lethal Weapon which used to star Clayne Crawford

Jessica Alba has been married to Cash Warren for 10 years, but on Saturday evening they looked like newlyweds.

The Sin City actress - who had her third child in January - was seen planting a kiss on her better half as they attended the Gala.

Also there were Jennifer Garner, Katy Perry, Olivia Culpo and Amy Adams.

So in love: Jessica Alba has been married to Cash Warren for 10 years, but on Saturday evening they looked like newlyweds

Still going strong: The two met over a decade ago and have three kids together

Alba wore a black gown that was low cut showing off her chest. On the shoulders were pieces of sheer fabric.

The movie turned TV star wore her hair up with long diamond earrings.

Her handsome husband had on a suit and looked thrilled to have his arms around Jessica.

The night belonged to Jennifer Garner, however.

A star wherever she goes: Jessica, who has made the transition from an acting career to being a business mogul as head of the consumder goods brand The Honest Company, showed the cameras her unforgettable smile

She was was a showstopper among a dazzling array of celebrities.

The Houston-born 46-year-old hinted at her cleavage in a ravishing floor-length black gown that featured a gleaming black lapel and a matching sash around the waist.

Her elegant ensemble was perfectly fitted to show off her enviably trim figure, and she swept her hair tightly back into a ponytail, revealing her sumptuous drop earrings.

Hello, gorgeous: Jennifer Garner was a showstopper among a dazzling array of celebrities

Jennifer, who is the mother of three children by her ex-husband Ben Affleck, accessorized the look with a shimmering bracelet at her left wrist and accented her screen siren features with makeup.

Her dress featured a slit up the sides, allowing the Miracles From Heaven and Juno actress to show off her bejeweled ankle-strap stilettos and her taut legs.

Katy Perry matched her cropped platinum blonde hair with a gold gown that sported a full sleeve at the right side but was strapless at the other end.

The 34-year-old Swish Swish and I Kissed A Girl singer's dress hugged her toned physique, and she arced her shapely left leg through its tantalizing thigh-slit.

Radiant: Jennifer, who is the mother of three children by her ex-husband Ben Affleck, accessorized the look with a shimmering bracelet at her left wrist and accented her screen siren features with makeup

Star power: Her dress featured a slit up the sides, allowing the Miracles From Heaven and Juno actress to show off her bejeweled ankle-strap stilettos and her taut legs

Katy, who reportedly drew a salary of $25 million for judging a season of American Idol, hoofed it at the event on a towering pair of open-toed stilettos in the same shade as her gown.

Kat Dennings draped her busty figure into a floral black gown with sheer sleeves, letting her wavy dark hair fall free and throwing in a splash of color with scarlet lipstick.

She accented the ensemble with a black clutch that featured a bit of swirling gold-colored trim, posing with a hand at her waist to emphasize her hourglass figure.

Pop diva: Katy Perry matched her cropped platinum blonde hair with a gold gown that sported a full sleeve at the right side but was strapless at the other end

Sensation: The 34-year-old Swish Swish and I Kissed A Girl singer's dress hugged her toned physique, and she arced her shapely left leg through its tantalizing thigh-slit

Busy Philipps slipped into a smock like outfit and gathered her hair partly into a beehive, whilst Sara Foster shimmered in a strapless floor-length purple sequined gown.

Sara posed for the cameras beside her sister Erin Foster, whose mesh dress was baby blue above the waist and covered in elaborate orange tiers below.

Olivia Culpo radiated chic in a split blue strapless dress that appeared to be made of velour, giving herself a bit of extra stature on a sky-high pair of black heels.

Her hair was tucked stylishly behind her ears and as she held her clutch in front of her, the former beauty queen aimed a supermodel stare over her shoulder for the benefit of the shutterbugs.

Smoldering stare: Kat Dennings draped her busty figure into a floral black gown with sheer sleeves, letting her wavy dark hair fall free and throwing in a splash of color with scarlet lipstick

Irresistible: She accented the ensemble with a black clutch that featured a bit of swirling gold-colored trim, posing with a hand at her waist to emphasize her hourglass figure

Smashing: Busy Philipps (left) slipped into a smock like outfit and gathered her hair partly into a beehive, whilst Sara Foster (right) shimmered in a strapless floor-length purple sequined gown

Family time: Sara posed for the cameras beside her sister Erin Foster, whose mesh dress was baby blue above the waist and covered in elaborate orange tiers below

Red carpet ready: Olivia Culpo radiated chic in a split blue strapless dress that appeared to be made of velour, giving herself a bit of extra stature on a sky-high pair of black heels

Glamour queen: Her hair was tucked stylishly behind her ears and as she held her clutch in front of her, the former beauty queen aimed a supermodel stare over her shoulder for the benefit of the shutterbugs

Zoe Saldana cut a stunning figure during the red carpet portion with her husband Marco Perego, who donned a pinstriped three-piece suit with a pocket chain to the swank affair.

The Guardians Of The Galaxy star slid herself into a full-sleeved charcoal dress with a V-neck that fell far enough to expose not just her decolletage, but a bit of her impressively flat midriff as well.

Wearing her hair back into a ponytail, she threw in a bit of glitz with some earrings and held a sleek black leather clutch to her side, opting for a minimalist look in the makeup department.

Date night: Zoe Saldana cut a stunning figure during the red carpet portion with her husband Marco Perego, who donned a pinstriped three-piece suit with a pocket chain to the swank affair

When you got it, flaunt it: The Guardians Of The Galaxy star slid herself into a full-sleeved charcoal dress with a V-neck that fell far enough to expose not just her decolletage, but a bit of her impressively flat midriff as well

Amy Adams had a huge on her face when she was photographed hitting the carpet alongside her dashing husband Darren Le Gallo, who attended the evening's festivities in black tie.

Clasping on a pair of swinging hoop earrings, the Oscar-nominated actress sizzled in a sheer multicolored ensemble that was streaked all over with a sparkling silver motif.

The outfit was orange above the waist, and below that it featured two tiers, each in a progressively darker shade of purple and culminating in a hem right at the ankle.

Going strong: Amy Adams had a huge on her face when she was photographed hitting the carpet alongside her dashing husband Darren Le Gallo, who attended the evening's festivities in black tie

Bright spirits: Clasping on a pair of swinging hoop earrings, the Oscar-nominated actress sizzled in a sheer multicolored ensemble that was streaked all over with a sparkling silver motif

Coordinated: Amy teased her signature red hair into luscious waves, complementing her locks with burnt-orange lipstick and balancing on a pair of gold-toned high-heeled shoes

Amy teased her signature red hair into luscious waves, complementing her locks with burnt-orange lipstick and balancing on a pair of gold-toned high-heeled shoes.

Hollywood hunk Aaron Taylor-Johnson swung by the event in a tuxedo on the arm of his director wife Sam Taylor-Johnson, who at the age of 51 happens to be 23 years his senior.

It was quite a night for couples, as interior designers and husbands Nate Berkus and Jeremiah Brent were in attendance too, looking the image of marital bliss.

Power couple: Hollywood hunk Aaron Taylor-Johnson swung by the event in a tuxedo on the arm of his director wife Sam Taylor-Johnson, who at the age of 51 happens to be 23 years his senior

Spouses and colleagues: It was quite a night for couples, as interior designers and husbands Nate Berkus and Jeremiah Brent were in attendance too, looking the image of marital bliss

Partners in crime: Film star Leslie Mann wore an elaborate off-white and silver gown that fell far enough to form a train, posing with an arm on the shoulder of her filmmaker husband Judd Apatow

Film star Leslie Mann wore an elaborate off-white and silver gown that fell far enough to form a train, posing with an arm on the shoulder of her filmmaker husband Judd Apatow.

Leslie looked smashing in her off-the-shoulder outfit, which played up her bust while cinching in to stress her slim frame, and which went well with her metallic Art Deco clutch.

Rachel Bloom of Crazy Ex Girlfriend fame turned up in a gown that was green and fuzzy at the lower half, whereas Showgirls star Elizabeth Berkeley rocked a pirate chic jacket over a white blouse.

Spellbinding: Leslie looked smashing in her off-the-shoulder outfit, which played up her bust while cinching in to stress her slim frame, and which went well with her metallic Art Deco clutch

Quirky: Rachel Bilson (left) turned up in a gown that was green and fuzzy at the lower half, whereas Showgirls star Elizabeth Berkeley (right) rocked a pirate chic jacket over a white blouse

Trio: (from left) Jenna Dewan went for a strapless white jumpsuit with matching platforms, while Jessica Alba showed off her legs in a sheer sparkling gown and Olivia Munn modeled a three-tiered bright orange gown

Blithe spirit: Jenna, who recently split from her husband and is now dating Broadway actor Steve Kazee, was glimpsed laughing joyously during the red carpet portion of the evening

Jenna Dewan went for a strapless white jumpsuit with matching platforms, while Jessica Alba showed off her legs in a sheer sparkling gown and Olivia Munn modeled a three-tiered bright orange gown.

Olivia, who used to date the NFL player Jordan Rodgers and who shot to fame on the HBO series The Newsroom, had a bit of a train on the edge of her throwback chic gown.

The brunette bombshell wore her wavy hair down, holding her metallic clutch in front of her with both hands as she smiled enigmatically for the photographers.

Her outfit tightened over her midsection to throw her slender proportions into relief, and its straps slid off her shoulders, recalling the dresses worn by the starlets of Old Hollywood.

Aglow: Olivia, who used to date the NFL player Jordan Rodgers and who shot to fame on the HBO series The Newsroom, had a bit of a train on the edge of her throwback chic gown

Exquisite: The brunette bombshell wore her wavy hair down, holding her metallic clutch in front of her with both hands as she smiled enigmatically for the photographers

Keeping all eyes on her dress! Olivia kept her accessories simple with a gorgeous ring and a pair of drop earrings

The Oklahoma City-born 38-year-old, who appeared as herself in Ocean's Eight this year and will feature as Psylocke in next year's Dark Phoenix film, flattered her face with makeup.

Jessica, who has made the transition from an acting career to being a business mogul as head of the consumder goods brand The Honest Company, showed the cameras her unforgettable smile.

The metallic flecks in her dress were an excellent complement to the drop earrings she wore, as well as to the silver-toned clutch she gripped in her left hand.

Speech time: During the evening, Jessica Alba and Kelly Rowland were seen onstage speaking to the star-studded crowd

Sweeping her hair back into a ponytail, she placed her right hand at her waist, showing the cameras that she was wearing a nearly black shade of purple nail polish.

Rachel Zoe donned a black gown that supported her reputation as a stylist, Lauren Conrad smiled for the cameras in a Grecian-inspired nude gown and Rebecca Gayheart threw a black leather jacket casually over her shoulders.

Kelly Rowland, who shot to fame in the girl group Destiny's Child, draped her bodacious bod in a shining black gown with a sheer mesh cowl that fell to the floor at the sides.

Style icons: (from left) Rachel Zoe donned a black gown that supported her reputation as a stylist, Lauren Conrad smiled for the cameras in a Grecian-inspired nude gown and Rebecca Gayheart threw a black leather jacket casually over her shoulders

Fantastic: Kelly Rowland, who shot to fame in the girl group Destiny's Child, draped her bodacious bod in a shining black gown with a sheer mesh cowl that fell to the floor at the sides

Peekaboo: When she turned around with her side to the camera, grinning beguilingly, the 37-year-old songbird revealed that her eminently chic wardrobe choice was in fact backless

What a pair: Sam Worthington posed unsmiling for the photographers, leaning forward slightly as he held hands with his wife of wife of four years, the model Lara Bingle Worthington

When she turned around with her side to the camera, grinning beguilingly, the 37-year-old songbird revealed that her eminently chic wardrobe choice was in fact backless.

She gathered her hair so that it would fall all on the right side, pulling on open-toed heels and putting on a pale blue pair of drop earrings that perfectly framed her face.

Sam Worthington posed unsmiling for the photographers, leaning forward slightly as he held hands with his wife of wife of four years, the model Lara Bingle Worthington.

Troika: (from left) UnREAL star Shiri Appleby glowed in a floral midnight blue gown, Jon Paul DeJoria buttoned himself into Nehru jacket and flashed a peace sign and Ali Taekman was a wonder in white lace

Legend: Jacka** icon Johnny Knoxville was another of the attendees to decide on a three-piece suit at the formal affair, and he flashed his megawatt smile while there with his arm around his wife Naomi Nelson

Side by side: Molly Sims was summery in florals for the Culver City bash, posing up a storm alongside her producer husband Scott Stuber, who is currently Netflix' head of original films

UnREAL star Shiri Appleby glowed in a floral midnight blue gown, Jon Paul DeJoria buttoned himself into Nehru jacket and flashed a peace sign and Ali Taekman was a wonder in white lace.

Jacka** icon Johnny Knoxville was another of the attendees to decide on a three-piece suit at the formal affair, and he flashed his megawatt smile while there with his arm around his wife Naomi Nelson.

Molly Sims was summery in florals for the Culver City bash, posing up a storm alongside her producer husband Scott Stuber, who is currently Netflix' head of original films.

Sitcom stars: Zooey Deschanel (left) of (500) Days Of Summer and New Girl tucked a striped blouse into high-waisted black slacks, and Julie Bowen (right) of Modern Family was resplendent in a floor-length black and nude dress

Good cheer: Kobe Bryant swankily wore black tie with a matching suit, adding in a neat little white pocket square and posing with his floral-clad wife Vanessa Laine Bryant

Night out: Comedian Ali Wong enjoyed a kid-free night in a gorgeous peach colored full-length frock. She styled her dark locks into a fun space-bun up-do

Zooey Deschanel of (500) Days Of Summer and New Girl tucked a striped blouse into high-waisted black slacks, and Julie Bowen of Modern Family was resplendent in a floor-length black and nude dress.

Kobe Bryant swankily wore black tie with a matching suit, adding in a neat little white pocket square and posing with his floral-clad wife Vanessa Laine Bryant.

Elizabeth Chambers was a sight to see in a glimmering chrome split dress, with Jordana Brewster turning up the heat in a silver and white gown and Louise Row stealing the scene with an electric yellow clutch.

Comedian Ali Wong enjoyed a kid-free night in a gorgeous peach colored full-length frock. She styled her dark locks into a fun space-bun up-do.

Wiz Khalifa donned a pair of fitted black trousers and a grey and white print shirt, leaving several of his top buttons undone to reveal the several necklaces he had on underneath.

Glamour: Wiz Khalifa donned a pair of fitted black trousers and a grey and white print shirt, leaving several of his top buttons undone to reveal the several necklaces he had on underneath

What a look: Olivia Wilde wore a sleek and chic black jacket with matching high-waisted slacks that were flared out and split at the hems, holding a tiny clutch in the same color

Splendid: The Life Itself actress, who rose to public prominence on the TV show House, put on a frill-covered and slightly sheer white blouse with ornate cuffs that poked out from beneath her jacket

Olivia Wilde wore a sleek and chic black jacket with matching high-waisted slacks that were flared out and split at the hems, holding a tiny clutch in the same color.

The Life Itself actress, who rose to public prominence on the TV show House, put on a frill-covered and slightly sheer white blouse with ornate cuffs that poked out from beneath her jacket.

Actress Sara Rue opted for a grey form-fitting ensemble that featured a large ballerina tulle skirt.

Sterling K. Brown, who is appearing on the popular tearjerker show This Is Us, was a paragon of style in a white blazer he wore with a black dress shirt, pocket square, trousers and shoes.

Oliver Hudson, the hunky brother of Kate Hudson and a son of Goldie Hawn, was a showstopper in a true blue suit and was accompanied by his glamorous wife Erinn Bartlett.

Ballerina! Actress Sara Rue opted for a grey form-fitting ensemble that featured a large ballerina tulle skirt

Dreamboat: Sterling K. Brown, who is appearing on the popular tearjerker show This Is Us, was a paragon of style in a white blazer he wore with a black dress shirt, pocket square, trousers and shoes

Scion of celebrity: Oliver Hudson, the hunky brother of Kate Hudson and a son of Goldie Hawn, was a showstopper in a true blue suit and was accompanied by his glamorous wife Erinn Bartlett

Once the actual event got going, it was a rollicking affair, with celeb after celeb including Wiz taking the stage to speak in front of the starry group of partygoers.

Busy, who is currently the host of her own late-night talk show on the E! network, was also welcomed to the stage and spoke with a cordless microphone.

When Amy got onstage to be honored that evening, however, she spoke from a lectern, and at one point seemed quite touched, placing a hand near her heart.

Moment in the limelight: Once the actual event got going, it was a rollicking affair, with celeb after celeb including Wiz taking the stage to speak in front of the starry group of partygoers

Dab hand: Busy, who is currently the host of her own late-night talk show on the E! network, was also welcomed to the stage and spoke with a cordless microphone