Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth Shut Down Breakup Rumors with an Adorable Instagram Video Liam Hemsworth may forever be associated in entertainment circles with Miley Cyrus, his longtime partner and now ex-wife, but following the pair’s breakup in 2019, the actor has moved on, and he now has another very important woman in his life: girlfriend Gabriella Brooks.

Hemsworth and Brooks were first linked in late 2019, and since making their public debut as a couple in 2021, they have remained strong. Ahead, everything we know about Brooks and her relationship with the Hunger Games star.

She is an Australian model.

Brooks was born on May 18, 1996, making her 28 years old. Like Hemsworth, she is Australian and grew up in Sydney. She was discovered as a model when she was just 14, and has since modeled for brands including Louis Vuitton, Calvin Klein, and Valentino. She made her runway debut at Australian Fashion Week in May 2023.

Lia Toby // Getty Images

She started dating Liam in 2019.

Months after his split from then-wife Miley Cyrus, Hemsworth began seeing Brooks. In December 2019, the couple were seen out in Australia with the actor’s parents. Still, Hemsworth is notoriously discrete, so they did not make their public debut as a couple until June 2021, when they attended a charity event in Australia. Hemsworth even shared a photo of them together there on his Instagram.

Also in 2021, Brooks reportedly moved in with Hemsworth in Los Angeles. Still, it wasn’t until 2022 that the pair made their red-carpet debut. They attended the premiere of Poker Face in Sydney on November 15 of that year, and it was all worth the wait, as Hemsworth looked dapped in a classic black suit, while Brooks glowed in a golden halterneck gown.

Brendon Thorne // Getty Images

In 2023, they attended another red-carpet event—the NGV Gala in Melbourne—and Brooks shared a photo of them holding hands in their elegant ensembles on her Instagram. They also made a joint appearance at the premiere of Extraction 2 in New York City, and at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.

And earlier this year, they coordinated in black at the U.K. premiere of Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga, in London.

Karwai Tang // Getty Images

She had another high-profile relationship.

Before Hemsworth, Brooks dated Matty Healy, frontman of the 1975, for four years. The two broke up in 2019, years before Healy famously rekindled his flame with Taylor Swift and then became engaged to Gabbriette Bechtel.