Rosie Huntington-Whiteley showcases her post-baby body She welcomed son Jack with long-time partner Jason Statham just six months ago.

And Rosie Huntington-Whiteley bounced right back to her supermodel physique as she posed for a photo shoot in the Bahamas on Wednesday.

The stunning 30-year-old showed off her slender post-baby body as she changed into a bevy of skimpy bathing suits.

Scroll down for video

Stunner: Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 30, posed for a sensational photo shoot in the Bahamas on Wednesday

Daring to impress, the Burberry spokesperson started the photo shoot off in a tropical flower black one piece.

Her trademark golden tresses were wrapped up in a soft pink scarf as she rocked retro shades.

For her next exercise in sultriness, Rosie threw on a white two-piece that had the same tropical floral design.

She wore a large flower pinned in her hair as she strutted around with a petite wooden parasol.

Daring: Daring to impress, the Burberry spokesperson started the photo shoot off in a tropical flower black one piece

Cover girl: She posed like a professional for the ocean side shoot

Touch up: As a production assistant applied makeup to her body, Rosie held her pose like a Roman statute

All hands on deck: The camera crew of entirely men made sure that Rosie was captured to perfection

As a production assistant applied makeup to her body, Rosie held her pose like a Roman statute.

Splashing around in the turquoise surf, the Mad Max: Fury Road starlet showed off a new bikini.

A bevy of production assistants set up the next shot for the photo shoot.

Backside: Her pert derriere was on center stage

New attire: Splashing around in the turquoise surf, the Mad Max: Fury Road starlet showed off a new bikini

Up next: For her next exercise in sultriness, Rosie threw on a white two-piece that had the same tropical floral design

Strut: She wore a large flower pinned in her hair as she strutted around with a petite wooden parasol

Later revealing her svelte bikini body in all its glory, the fashion favourite reclined on a sun lounger on what appeared to be a deserted strip of beach.

Playing up to the camera, Rosie seductively ran her fingers through her damp curled locks as she modelled a trendy black two-piece.

Marks & Spencer lingerie model and designer Rosie has been dating action star fiance Jason, 50, for seven years, but they have yet to tie-the-knot after getting engaged in January 2016.

Back in black: Rosie changed into a chic black two-piece

Head games: Her trademark golden tresses were wrapped up in a soft pink scarf as she rocked retro shades

Break time: Rosie checked her phone during a break

Being a new mum hasn't slowed the former Victoria Secret Angel down as she landed in fifth places on Forbes' annual list of the world's best-paid supermodels in November, with earnings of a staggering $9.5 million in just 12 months.

Despite her growing success, the star previously said being based in Los Angeles 'weighs heavily' on her because she misses her family.

Speaking to Harper's Bazaar magazine in 2016, the Devon native said: 'The one big downside is not having my family within reach.

'I would love to be able to invite them over for a roast dinner, or be able to say to my brother or sister, "Why don't you pop over for a glass of wine tonight?" but I can't and it weighs heavily on me.'

She introduced baby Jack into the world via her Instagram feed in December, which she appeared to jet off with the newborn in toe, captioning the darling snapshot with a simple: 'Happy Holidays' and a waving hand emoji to bid farewell.

Accessories: She paired the look with a gold necklace and earrings

Drop it low: She bent over to fix her wardrobe

Take five: Touch ups were needed between shoots

Set up: A bevy of production assistants set up the next shot for the photo shoot

Gams: Her pretty pins looked amazing in the bathing suit

Lounger: Later revealing her svelte bikini body in all its glory, the fashion favourite reclined on a sun lounger on what appeared to be a deserted strip of beach

Takes a village: The production team had many players

Yoga time: Rosie looked like she was in the downward dog position

Booty-ful: Rosie revealed why she was a top model