Katy Perry wraps her arms around Orlando Bloom as the loved-up couple enjoy a break in Corfu They've been back together for six months, having rekindled their lost love earlier this year.

And on-off couple of two years Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom looked closer than ever as they enjoyed a romantic getaway together in Corfu, Greece, on Thursday.

The singer, 33, wrapped her arms around her actor beau, 41, as they took in the sights and the stunning landscapes of the Greek island.

Smitten: Katy Perry wrapped her arms around Orlando Bloom as the loved-up pair enjoyed a break away in Corfu on Thursday... after making their red carpet debut as a couple

Katy was the picture of summer chic in a pink floral co-ord suit, which she paired with flip-flops that had a dramatic eye print.

She complemented her look with a pair of pink-tinted sunglasses and gold hooped earrings, while accentuating her features with a glamorous palette of make-up.

The I Kissed A Girl hitmaker kept her cropped blonde locks hidden underneath a straw hat, while she finished off her colourful look with a pink handbag.

Stylish: Katy was the picture of summer chic in a pink floral co-ord suit, which she paired with flip-flops that had a dramatic eye print

Orlando cut a casual figure in loose-fitting black jeans, which he paired with a simple white T-shirt.

He accessorised with a black baseball cap, and completed his look by wearing a pair of white slip-on shoes without socks.

Their outing comes after the pair made their first public appearance together on the red carpet for the Monte Carlo Gala for the Global Ocean event on Wednesday.

Earlier that day, the pair had gushed over one another in flirty social media posts, from a private jet that was taking them to France for the Gala.

It's official: This comes after the pair made their first public appearance together on the red carpet for the Monte Carlo Gala for the Global Ocean event on Wednesday

Katy - who spent over 11 months on tour, finally wrapping things up in late August - was heard branding Orlando her her 'chocolate chip' as they traveled by plane into the French city.

Sharing videos to her Instagram from the aircraft, Katy said 'look at this mint and chip off the old block,' in an over the top English accent, while the Troy actor sat smiling at her in a mint green hoodie.

'I'm a chocolate chip,' responded Orlando. 'He's a chocolate chip,' reiterated the Teenage Dream singer.

Another clip shared the singer's Instagram page showed Orlando finishing up putting on a suit, obviously ahead of the Gala.

Finishing touches: The I Kissed A Girl hitmaker kept her cropped blonde locks hidden underneath a straw hat, while she finished off her colourful look with a pink handbag

Relaxed: Orlando cut a casual figure in loose-fitting black jeans, which he paired with a simple white T-shirt

'Lemme touch ur butt' was written in bright flashing letters on a heart pasted on the clip, and Sir Mix-a-Lot's Baby Got Back played in the background as the Lord of the Rings actor dressed.

'Will you show me your trunk baby... turn around,' requested the Roar belter, to which the Elizabethtown star took the direction and shook his derriere.

This is round two for Katy and Orlando who first got together in January of 2016. They stayed together for a little over a year before splitting in February 2017, but then resumed their relationship in April of this year.

Despite it being a particularly busy year for the singer, she has done her best to make time for romance. The couple has been spotted together in Los Angeles, London, and a variety of other locations recently, looking happy and closer than ever.

Public appearance: The couple looked smitten as they took to the red carpet of the Gala for the Global Ocean in Monte-Carlo, Monaco