Jesse Williams opens up about divorce in Jay-Z video Jesse Williams is in the midst of a custody battle for his two children in the midst of his pending divorce from Aryn Drake-Lee.

And the 35-year-old actor opened up about his well-publicized relationship in a rather unconventional way.

The Grey's Anatomy star was featured in a revealing Footnotes For 4:44 video released on Monday and got extremely personal according to E! News.

According to the publication, he does not ever say the name of his ex but he does manage to subtly talk about the cheating rumors surrounding the relationship.

Opening up: Jesse Williams was featured in a revealing Footnotes For 4:44 video released on Monday and got extremely personal according to E! News

Jesse said: 'I was in a relationship 13 years, 13 real years, not 5 years, not 7 years, 13 years and all of a sudden mother f***ers are writing think-pieces that I somehow threw a 13-year relationship.

'Like thee most painful experience I’ve had in my life like with a person I’ve loved with all of my heart, that I threw a person and my family in the trash because a girl I work with is cute.'

He was not the only star featured in the 11-minute video as Kendrick Lamar, Chris Rock, Will Smith, Aziz Ansari, and Anthony Anderson all got candid in the clip.

He filed for divorce from Drake-Lee in April after being married for four and a half years.

Happier times: The 35-year-old actor is in the midst of a custody battle for his two children in the midst of his pending divorce from Aryn Drake-Lee, they are shown in January 2016

The divorce was amicable at first but TMZ reported things turned sour and described the ongoing proceedings as a 'legal war'.

Drake-Lee's lawyer Jill Hersh last month in a statement responded to a recent court filing by Williams seeking joint custody.

'Protecting the privacy and well-being of their children is of paramount importance to Aryn Drake-Lee Williams,' Hersh told Us Weekly.

'It is unfortunate that Mr. Williams has chosen to draw public attention to this difficult time and transition for their family. Aryn is solely interested in the best interests of their children, supporting a healthy relationship with both parents, and protecting the children's privacy.

Single star: Jesse was spotted last month at a pizzeria in Los Angeles

'Therefore, she will not comment any further on Mr. Williams' unilateral and unfortunate public allegations,' the statement said.

Williams has been linked romantically to Minka Kelly, 36, since they worked together recently on a video game project in Paris.

Neither have commented on speculation their relationship has transitioned from professional to personal.