Veronika From Second Wives Club Catches Husband Cheating Again! And just like that cameras ruin another happy marriage. Veronika Obeng and her husband Michael from Second Wives Club are the latest victims of the reality TV couples curse.

Even before the premiere of the E! series, the couple had filed for divorce after Veronika discovered Michael having an affair — and of course, all the drama will play out for millions to see.

"Watching my life fall apart on TV? Yeah, it sucks,” Veronika told Life & Style exclusively at a What Happens at The Abbey on E! event in LA on May 14. “I’ve gotten so much stronger since it was filmed.”

MORE: La La Anthony Shares Touching Tribute to Her Son Amid Split From Carmelo Anthony

On the second episode, Veronika, who is actually Michael's third wife, begins to have suspicions her plastic surgeon husband is cheating after he gifts her with a plant — even though he knows she is not a fan of flowers.

"I'm getting a little concerned because things just seem a little off with Michael. A few years ago, I found out he had an affair," she said on the show. "It was like something changes overnight and you feel connected and then someone's distant. The fact that we survived, you try to find the beauty in that, but I definitely feel some of the signs that I saw before."

It's not long before Veronika's suspicions are confirmed, and she discovers his mistress on a secret Instagram page.

The couple, who share three children together and five children from previous relationships, filed for divorce in July 2016, and Michael even sued E! to try to stop them from airing the episodes.

MORE: Bethenny Frankel's Mom Not Impressed With Her New 'Shark Tank' Gig — "She's a Moron!"

"The series was nothing about the couple’s happy marriage as Defendants represented to Plaintiff,” the lawsuit states, according to Variety. “The Defendants constantly staged Plaintiff in artificial situations and demanded Plaintiff to engage in conflicts that were often fraudulent and deceptive.”

Veronika recently opened up about the split in a blog post and revealed she is ready to move on.

"Breakups are hard enough. Sometimes as I have learned, just because you have ended a relationship doesn’t mean you aren’t still in love with a person," she wrote. "It may mean you had to move on to do what healthy for you."

MORE: Enter to Win $1,000 Cash

However, she is not ready to starting dating just yet. “No. I’m married to motherhood right now,” she told Life & Style.

Watch the full clip of Michael and Veronika's awkward exchange below!

