Met Gala 2018: Paris Jackson wears a crown and Stella McCartney gown Paris Jackson mixed royalty with down-to-earth sensibility in her Met Gala ensemble.

The 20-year-old model arrived alongside designer Stella McCartney and singer Miley Cyrus dressed in a long burnt sienna frock and a tiara.

There was a certain Roman tinge to the ensemble as a small, simple body was lifted by meters of long sheer cloth.

Blending a sense of simplicity with elegance, the outfit displayed many of Michael Jackson's daughter's tattoos.

Scroll down for video

Blend: Paris Jackson mixed royalty with the down to earth in her Met Gala ensemble

Jackson's dress seemed as if it was attempting to intertwine the worker with the divine and make it provocative.

Its body was cut above mid thigh exposing her long legs beneath a copper-toned veil.

Opting to go with a sleeveless number helped show off much of the model's inked arms, while the frock's low, v cut framed her chest tattoos.

Trio: The 20-year-old model arrived alongside designer Stella McCartney and singer Miley Cyrus dressed in a long burnt sienna frock and a tiara

Golden night: Blending a sense of simplicity with elegance, the outfit displayed many of Michael Jackson's daughter's tattoos

The King of Pop's daughter's crown added a halo of shimmer, which muddled the more salt of the earth nobility of the outfit.

Meanwhile, Paris got the very best beauty treatment ahead of her red carpet appearance, courtesy of makeup legend Pat McGrath, who created her stunning look for the evening.

Creating a beautiful bold eye with her Pat McGrath Labs MOTHERSHIP II: Sublime Palettes in both VR Nectar and Iconic, she added some shimmer to the look with the MOTHERSHIP I: Subliminal Palette in Pale Gold 002.

To add an extra edge to the look, Pat used the Perma Precision Liquid Eyeliner and PermaGel Ultra Glide Eye Pencil in BLK Coffee, before finishing off the look with a perfect nude lip using the LUST: LuxeTrance in Valletta.

She glowed on the yellow carpet next to her dress' designer, who opted for an opulent emerald number, and also showed off a stunning makeup look created by her fellow Brit, Pat.

McCartney also designed Miley's black dress, and, similarly, it showed off the singer's tattoos.

Of the people: Jackson's dress seemed as if it was attempting to intertwine the worker with the divine and make it provocative

Ascend: Its body was cut above mid thigh exposing her long legs beneath a copper-toned veil

Moment in the spotlight: Paris' long train trailed behind her as she made her way up the staircase at the Metropolitan Museum Of Art

Work it! The model had assistants helping her out as she hit the red carpet, ensuring her beautiful gown was displayed perfectly

Rihanna, Amal Clooney and Donatella Versace joined Vogue editor Anna Wintour in chairing this year's star-studded Met Gala.

Always the hottest ticket in New York, this year the gala takes on a religious theme: Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination.

With a dress code of Sunday Best, the red carpet is bound to be memorable.

Ink: Opting to go with a sleeveless number helped show off much of the model's inked arms, while the frock's low, v cut framed her chest tattoos

Princess: The King of Pop's daughter's crown added a halo of shimmer, which muddled the more salt of the earth nobility of the outfit

That's shoe-business! Paris ditched her heels at the end of the night as she headed back to her hotel barefoot at the end of her glamorous night out

Shady lady! The model was wearing a pair of dark shades as she called it a night, despite it being pitch black outside

The annual gala is always tied to an exhibit at the Costume Institute at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.

This year it will examine 'fashion's ongoing engagement with the devotional practices and traditions of Catholicism.'

The exhibition combines works of fashion with works of religious art, including 50 ecclesiastical masterworks on loan from the Sistine Chapel sacristy at the Vatican.

Those items, which will be on view in the Anna Wintour Costume Center galleries, include papal vestments and accessories, such as rings and tiaras, from the 18th to the early 21st century, the museum said. The items encompass more than 15 papacies.

Cutting glance: Her blue eyes looked sharp underneath dark eyeliner, cutting out with ferocity

'Fashion and religion have long been intertwined, mutually inspiring and informing one another,' Andrew Bolton, head curator of the institute, said in a statement.

'Although this relationship has been complex and sometimes contested, it has produced some of the most inventive and innovative creations in the history of fashion.'

The 150 fashion ensembles come from a slew of designers, including Cristobal Balenciaga, Coco Chanel, John Galliano, Karl Lagerfeld, Givenchy, Christian Lacroix, Thierry Mugler, Raf Simons, Thom Browne and Gianni and Donatella Versace, among many others.

The exhibition, which will run May 10 through October 8, is a collaboration between the Costume Institute and the Department of Medieval Art and The Cloisters.

Sleeves or no sleeves: She glowed on the yellow carpet next to her dress' designer. who opted for an opulent emerald number

Sewing: McCartney also designed Miley's black dress, and, similarly, it showed off the singer's tattoos