Bella Thorne hits out at trolls for accusing her of being 'on CRACK' Bella Thorne has hit out at 'disgusting' social media trolls for accusing her of being on 'crack' when she was actually just 'exhausted'.

The actress, 20, came under fire from followers who claimed she was taking drugs because of her recent tired-looking selfie.

The Famous In Love star launched a scathing attack in a foul-mouthed rant as she questioned 'what the f**k is wrong with you?' on Twitter.

Furious: Bella Thorne has hit out at 'disgusting' social media trolls for accusing her of being on 'crack' when she was actually just 'exhausted'

Former child star Bella explained she was exhausted from her busy schedule and suffering from acne as she displayed her make-up free looks in the selfie.

The selfie in question was a make-up free post the social media star had uploaded on Instagram of herself in her scanty scarlet bikini.

Bella wrote: 'You guys got me f**ked what what cuz I don't wear makeup and I'm exhausted from working and I have acne, and you guys think I'm im crack? What the f**k is wrong w you guys.' (sic)

Not stopping there, the rising star lamented her fans can't seem to comprehend she is still a person with emotions, even though she is an actress.

'You guys got me f**ked': The actress, 20, came under fire from followers who claimed she was taking drugs because of her recent tired-looking selfie (pictured)

'I don't like 2018': The Famous In Love star launched a scathing attack in a foul-mouthed rant as she questioned 'what the f**k is wrong with you?' on Twitter

Weary: Bella posed in a Snapchat video late on Wednesday as she aired her views on claims of drug-taking

She divulged: 'I don't like 2018 you guys just try and rip apart EVERY single thing you see. It's disgusting.

'You can't just for one second think hmm this is a real person I'm talking to.. a real f**king human being just like yourself.' (sic)

It is no surprise the star was feeling tired from her jam-packed schedule with three films, two short videos and the next season of Famous In Love all due out this year.

Romantic flick Midnight Sun has already hit cinemas, with thriller movie Assassination Nation and disaster film I Still See You due out soon.

As well as movies, Bella has been shooting scenes for the ongoing television series that made her famous as she reprised her leading role of Paige Townsen.

Dramatically different: Bella first shot to fame on the Disney Channel as a child star in 2003 (pictured in 2010)

All grown up! Bella looks dramatically different on the red carpet now days (left, March 2018) as she has moved on from her Disney Channel days (right, June 2010)

The television star also signed herself up to two short videos Bella Thorne: Burn so Bright and Lil Phag: Clout 9 on the side.

As if that wasn't enough to keep her busy, Bella keeps her fans updated with her day-to-day life via her Instagram stories and sultry posts on the grid.

Despite the gruelling schedule and weary side effects, Bella recently boasted she paid for her house from money she's raked in from social media.

The star, who has branched out from the Disney Channel, revealed she gets $65,000 a picture on Instagram — making it one of her biggest sources of income.

She said: "For an Instagram grid posting, it's 65 grand a post. For story posting, it's anywhere from 10 to 20K, and for Snapchat, it's the same as Insta story." (sic)

'Instagram is 100 percent a job to me. I started out at 18 with literally $200 in my bank account and I bought this house a year later, a year and a half. That's all from social media.'