Avengers: Infinity War stars appear on Kimmel and Conan The blockbuster hit theaters for late night preview screenings on Thursday earning a staggering $39million.

But that didn't stop the stars of Avengers: Infinity War hitting ABC's Jimmy Kimmel Live! and Conan on TBS just a few hours earlier to reveal what both hosts promised would be a few 'spoilers.'

Or not so much as it turned out, although the shows were hilarious.

Opening up: From left, Winston Duke, Elizabeth Olsen, Don Cheadle, Benedict Cumberbatch revealed Avengers: Infinity War 'spoilers' on Jimmy Kimmel Live! hours before its release

Don Cheadle, Benedict Cumberbatch, Winston Duke and Elizabeth Olsen capped off the cast of the movie's weeklong takeover of Jimmy's show.

With the lights dimmed in the studio and a spotlight trained on each actor in turn, Winston Dale, who plays M'Buku, kicked off, revealing: 'I run really fast.'

Elizabeth, aka Wanda Maximoff, the Scarlet Witch, dished: 'I see a train and wear ripped jeans.' 'At the same time?' Jimmy quipped. 'Yes,' she deadpanned.

Ready to talk: The foursome capped off the movie cast's weeklong takeover of Jimmy's show

Don't try this at home folks: Their spoilers weren't very revealing with Dr. Strange himself, Benedict Cumberbatch sharing, 'I stand in the middle of the street...no crosswalk'

Not giving up much: Elizabeth, aka Wanda Maximoff, the Scarlet Witch, dished, 'I see a train and wear ripped jeans' while Don, who plays War Machine James Rhodes, was no more forthcoming, saying: 'Halfway through the movie I get on a conference call'

Don, who plays War Machine James Rhodes, was no more forthcoming, saying: 'Halfway through the movie I get on a conference call.'

Benedict, Dr. Strange himself, had trouble revealing his nugget of information after so many months of secrecy saying: 'I feel a bit sick.' He went on to share: 'I stand in the middle of the street...no crosswalk.'

However he did cough up that he was the only one to see the completed script during production.

Staying mum: Conan didn't get much out his bunch of superheroes that included Chris Hemsworth, Danai Gurira, Anthony Mackie, Chris Pratt, and Scarlett Johansson

Nope, you're not going to know: The stars did dish on such things as the location of the soul stone but the actors' answers were censored and never broadcast

Elizabeth dished: 'They offered a room to sit in and read off an iPad for five hours — a room without anything else around you.

'That sounds unpleasant, so I said, "Can you tell me what goes on and give me my pages?" '

It was even worse on Conan where Chris Hemsworth (Thor), Scarlett Johansson (Natasha Romanoff/Black Widow), Chris Pratt (Star Lord/Peter Quill), Anthony Mackie (Sam Wilson/Falcon) and Danai Gurira (Okira) appeared.

In the hot seats: Chris Pratt, who plays Peter Quill's Star Lord, and Scarlett Johansson, aka Natasha Romanoff/Black Widow, smiled as they chatted to Conan

No spoilers: Chris Hemsworth, who plays Norse god Thor, and co-star Danai Gurira, as Okira, also replied to Conan's questions but their replies were censored

Conan O'Brien got the stars to divulge things like the location of the Soul Stone and the meaning of the post-credits scene.

However, for the audience's benefit the actors' answers were censored and never broadcast.

Meanwhile, despite the 'spoilers', Disney and Marvel's Avengers: Infinity War delivered a massive $39 million from Thursday night previews, according to Box Office Mojo. It officially opens on Friday

Those crazy kids: The cast goof off

All star cast: The gang chat to Jimmy

Unusual punishment: At one point Kimmy made the stars draw their own characters

The host with the most: Benedict Cumberbatch [L] and Kimmel