SNL’s Aidy Bryant Marries Conner O’Malley Aidy Bryant is married! The Saturday Night Live star recently wed her longtime love, Conner O’Malley.

Related: Celebrity Weddings of 2018 Cheers to the newlyweds! Scroll through to see which stars tied the knot in 2018 so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly Deal of […]

Bryant, 30, shared the news on Monday, April 30, via Instagram.

“💕,” she simply wrote alongside a photo of herself walking down the aisle with her new husband.

The I Feel Pretty actress announced during an April 2017 appearance on Late Night with Seth Meyers that she was engaged to O’Malley.

Related: Secret Celebrity Weddings From Ryan Reynolds surprise "I do" to Blake Lively to Beyonce's hush-hush ceremony to Jay Z, take a look back in photos at stars who married in secret

“We’ve been together a long time; we’ve been together almost nine years. So, a lot of the shimmer and shine has faded and we’re just living every damn day as best we can,” Bryant told Meyers about her relationship. “We’ve seen each other through a lot. Like, he used to work as a full-blown garbage man — not a joke, just a garbage man. I used to sweep up hair in a barber shop. I mean, we’ve, like, been through it.”

Bryant also detailed how the former SNL writer proposed.

“I had my purse and our mail and all these boxes, and I walked to our door and our dog had a bow tie on. I was like, ‘My dog doesn’t wear a bow tie! Where is he going tonight?’ Basically, the second I shut the door, a man — who I discovered was Conner — frantically came around the corner and was just like, ‘Will you marry me?!’” Bryant explained at the time. “No box. No ‘I love you.’ Just a man in full terror standing very far from a dog in a bow tie, just holding a loose ring going, ‘Will you marry me?!’ I was like, ‘What?!’ I truly couldn’t comprehend what was happening, and I kept saying, ‘Is this a joke? Are you doing a joke?’ And then I said, ‘Of course I’ll marry you. I love you.’ And it was really nice.”

Related: Celebrity Couples and How They First Met: Love Story Beginnings Star-crossed lovers! Ever wonder how celebrity couples like Brangelina, Tom and Gisele, and the Beckhams first met? Whether it was through mutual friends or at work, check out their love story beginnings here!

She added: “He was like, ‘Well, you always said that you wanted it to happen in our house if it ever happened.’ I was like, ‘That’s true; I wanted it to be private.’ He was like, ‘But I also knew you probably wanted to be wearing a bra and have makeup on, so I knew I had to do it after you just got home from work — otherwise it would never be another moment.’”