Met Ball 2013: Emma Watson struggles with her long dress train on the red carpet Watch your step! Emma Watson struggles with her long train as she dazzles in black gown at 2013 Met Ball



Getting the right dress is just one part of shining on the red carpet at the Met Ball, as Emma Watson found out on Monday night.

The 23-year-old may have dazzled in her show-stopping Prabal Gurung gown, but she found it tricky to negotiate her way into the event thanks to her long train.

Showing off her tanned and toned stomach in the cutaway dress, the actress managed to pull off one of the best looks of the evening, but needed a hand in controlling the excess fabric.

Don't tread on it! Emma Watson struggled with the train of her Prabal Gurung gown on the red carpet at the 2013 Met Ball on Monday

With so many high-profile stars attending the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute Gala in New York City, Emma decided to opt for a more risqué look than usual.

In a bid to stand out from everyone else at the annual event, the Harry Potter star interpreted the Punk: Chaos to Couture theme in her own way, deciding to flash some flesh.

And the sleek but provocative gown certainly fitted in, the asymmetrical, one-shoulder look creating an avant garde effect.

Helping hand: The 23-year-old star needed some assistance as she negotiated the steps while heading into the event

Good humoured: Emma seemed in high spirits despite the struggle, having averted disaster

While she's better known for her English rose appeal, Emma had clearly decided that she wanted to vamp it up in an attempt to attract attention.

Despite appearing calm and collected as she posed for photographs, the Bling Ring actress struggled with the gown as she made her way up the steps into the gala.

Needing help from an organiser, Emma pulled a grimace as she negotiated the stairs, not wanting to step on the train with her black stilettos.

Keeping everything place: The actress seemed keen not to reveal more than she meant to, checking that everything was in order

Racy look: Emma interpreted this year's PUNK: Chaos to Couture theme in her own way, in the provocative cut-out gown



Red carpet pro: Despite struggling with her outfit, Emma proved that she was skilled at posing at events

Never one to have a style slip up, the former child star wore her brown hair slicked back and kept her make-up low key, leaving all of the focus on the knockout gown.

Clearly a fan of the Nepalese/ American fashion designer, Emma wore one of his pieces for her first ever appearance on the Ellen DeGeneres Show back in October.



Becoming something of a fashion icon in her own right, the actress was recently named the second best dressed woman in the world in Glamour Magazine's annual poll.

Toned and taut: The star seemed confident enough to expose her tanned tummy and legs in the revealing outfit

Attention-grabbing: With so many high-profile guests at the event, Emma was clearly trying to stand out in her gown

Emma is gearing up for the release of Sofia Coppola's eagerly-anticipated film, which will premiere at the Cannes Film Festival later this month.

She also flexes her comic muscles as she makes a cameo in the forthcoming action comedy This Is The End, about a group of friends who are at James Franco's house when the apocalypse begins.

Simple but stylish: The British star kept the rest of her look paired back, wearing just one earring and her hair slicked back



