Victoria Beckham Is 'Upset' About Brooklyn Beckham Attending University In New York Moving out from home to attend university is a pretty tumultuous time for any teenager and parent.

If it's not the empty room you leave behind, it's the comfort of a home-cooked meal, the occasional hug from a family member and, for parents, the security of knowing your child is home, safe, and cared for.

One person in particular who appears to be struggling with the forthcoming move-out date of her first born is Victoria Beckham, who's son Brooklyn is heading off to New York City to attend college next month.

Getty Images

In an interview with GQ magazine, the 18-year-old star – who recently added his seventh tattoo to his body since April - admitted: 'I'm nervous, and my mum's upset about me leaving.

'But it's really exciting. I kind of live in the moment. I don't think people in New York will annoy me, and I feel like when I go there, I'll meet lifelong friends. Stuff like that,' he added.

I'm nervous, and my mum's upset about me leaving

Two words Brooklyn: Beer pong.

Getty Images

Despite his mother's anguish at her eldest child moving out, the British-born star admits his parents have always been supportive of his photography endeavours.

'I do backstage photography at my mum's shows,' the teenager told the publication.

'And I mean, I love doing it—but my mum's like, "Go take pictures of the models!" and I'm a bit shy. So I kind of have to get the first two out of the way, and then I'm used to it,' he added, weeks after the release of his first photography book, What I See.

Brooklyn's comments comes days after David Beckham's Instagram posts which show him building Harper a Disney princess castle.

After pulling an all-nighter earlier this week to finish the project, David posted a snap of himself - topless - captioning the snap: '1am done... Someone's gonna have a nice surprise in the morning.'

This family is too cute right now.

Related Story David Beckham Builds Disney Castle For Harper