Revenge star Ashley Madekwe shows off legs in cut-off vintage denim hotpants The best pins in Hollywood: Revenge star Ashley Madekwe shows off never-ending legs in cut-off hotpants at lunch with Cara Santana



Revenge star Ashley Madekwe has been flashing her pins in Los Angeles, wearing a pair of denim cut-off shorts on sun-soaked Monday morning.

The 32-year-old strolled confidently along the street, oozing sophistication and style, matching her light denim shorts with a lace cream shirt and trendy round sunglasses.

It looks like it was a girly catch-up for Ashley who was meeting up with Hollywood friend Cara Santana, 28, who is the fiancée of former Desperate Housewives star Jesse Metcalfe.

Never-ending legs: Revenge actress Ashley Madekwe showed off her fabulous pins as she strolled down a Hollywood pavement on Monday morning

Ashley plays social climber Ashley Davenport on the ABC drama series Revenge – and she’s certainly climbing the fashion ratings in her latest figure-hugging outfit.

The pair waited by a valet parking stand for a member of staff to collect Ashley’s keys before walking off together, chatting away like old friends.

Youthful star Ashley wore her long, dark hair swept to one side, with a side fringe framing her face.



What a star: The actress looked fabulous in her casual denim jeans and lacy, button-up shirt

BFFs: Ashley was meeting up with her friend Cara Santana, who is the fiancee of Desperate Housewives star Jesse Metcalfe

Her seemingly never-ending legs looked toned and tanned in the vintage Levis cut-off shorts – showing off her best Daisy Duke style.

The actress’s cream lace shirt was nearly see-through, giving passers-by a sneak peek at her black bra beneath. With a lace pattern along the body of the shirt, the garment buttoned up along the back.

Ashley sported one of the newest Chanel handbags, called the Flapbag, which will have set her bag a cool £2110.

Texting: The girls gathered around a mobile phone as they waited for the vallet parking to take their car keys

Cara kept things a little more low-key with black skinny jeans and a blue denim jacket following the recent trend for double denim in Hollywood.

Black brogues with silver tips, a black leather rucksack and her Quay Australia sunglasses finished off her street-styled outfit perfectly.

Ashley posted a picture of the girls’ Japanese dinner from trendy West Hollywood restaurant Izaka-ya onto her Instagram account, saying: ‘Hello old friend… I’ve missed you!’