Ronda Rousey’s Makeup Artist Explains How to Achieve Her Wedding Day Beauty Look UFC fighter Ronda Rousey put her best face forward on her wedding day. The athlete called in her beloved glam squad to Hawaii to help her primp ahead of her intimate backyard wedding to MMA fighter Travis Browne. Her goal, while using longtime makeup artist Hee Soo, was to put forth a fresh, barely-there makeup look.

“She really didn’t have a lot on,” Soo told E! News this week. “She is an athlete. They tend to have really beautiful skin because they sweat and work out so much. Your natural sweat cleans out your pores.”

Along with her no-frills wedding, Rousey wanted a similar vibe for her hair and makeup. The bride, who looked resplendent in a Galia Lahav couture gown, opted for a simple textured bun crafted by her longtime hairstylist Abraham Esparza before sitting down with Soo.

Advertisement Advertisement

“The ‘no-makeup makeup look’ was easy because she had a little tan,” she continued. Below, see the steps that the makeup artist took to achieve Rousey’s fresh face.

Prep the Skin

Soo started by using an exfoliator by Fresh on Rousey’s clean face. She then applied every beauty buff’s favorite Crème de la Mer by La Mer, followed by an eye cream by Clé de Peau.

La Mer Crème de la Mer, 1 oz, $170, Sephora.com

Apply Foundation

Continuing on with the Clé de Peau products, Soo then applied a foundation by the luxury beauty company that melted into Rousey’s tan skin tone.

Enhance the Eyes

Soo went light around Rousey’s eyes to enhance the bride’s gray pigmentation. The artist used an orange eyeshadow by Stila to draw out Rousey’s feature followed by a smudge of sheer nude in the corners.

Use Waterproof Mascara

Soo has been on Rousey’s team for years, so it only made sense that she knew the day would be filled with tears and a plethora of emotions. Hence, why the pro went for a waterproof mascara that would stay put. “I knew her and Travis were going to be kissing a lot, so we wanted something that would not get everywhere and come off on him—that and the crying,” she told E! “Her makeup looks so good because I do a lot of prep on her face beforehand.”

Pop the Pout

The makeup pro decided to go for color on Rousey’s lips, using a By Terry lip balm in the Berry color. “[It] makes you look like you just bit into a bunch of cherries,” Soo said.

Overall, the barely-there makeup stayed put despite the heightened emotions. “There was lots of crying and happiness,” Soo concluded. “The makeup lasted all day.”

Advertisement Advertisement

Rousey, meanwhile, took to Instagram to thank her glam squad for perfecting her wedding day look. ”Thank you @thisisbabe @heeezooo @alejandroperazastyle for flying to the middle of the the Pacific Ocean to help me get ready,” she said before adding an adorable shout-out to her husband. “And thank you @travisbrownemma for choosing me every day forever #wrongmovesucka#YouGoinNowhere.”

Related Articles