Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber enjoy bike riding in LA She just split with her boyfriend of 10 months, The Weeknd.

And on Wednesday, Selena Gomez stepped out again with Justin Bieber for a biking session and a coffee run together in Los Angeles.

At one point, the 25-year-old songstress leaned her head on Justin's shoulder after leaving a local cafe.

Reunited again: on Wednesday, Selena Gomez stepped out again with Justin Bieber for a biking session and a coffee run together in Los Angeles

They first enjoyed a long bike ride together, with Selena smiling ear to ear as Justin, 23, goofed around in front of her.

Selena and Justin then parked their bikes near a cafe, where they both grabbed ice coffees.

After picking up refreshments, the brunette star smiled and grabbed his arm - eventually resting her head on his shoulder.

The former Disney star rocked an oversized gray sweater with matching leggings, adding white sneakers.

Blissful: After picking up refreshments, the brunette star smiled and grabbed his arm - eventually resting her head on his shoulder

A close moment: At one point, the 25-year-old songstress leaned her head on Justin's shoulder

Being open: Selena and Justin then parked their bikes near a cafe, where they both grabbed ice coffees

Focused: Selena couldn't tear her eyes away from Justin as they sipped on their cold drink

Selena styled her short brunette locks loose with a deep side part and a natural wave.

The star, who sported just a touch of makeup, had her cream Coach handbag slung over one shoulder.

Selena also carried a book and a large notebook in one hand.

Leading the way: Selena styled her short brunette locks loose with a deep side part and a natural wave

Giddy: The stars appeared to be having a blast during their outing together, which included a stroll and a biking session

Can't stop smiling: Selena also carried a notebook with her cream Coach purse slung over her shoulder

In sync: They both grabbed large ice coffees from a local cafe

Sweet: The star, who sported just a touch of makeup, had her cream Coach handbag slung over one shoulder

Animated: The former Disney star rocked an oversized gray sweater with matching leggings, adding white sneakers

Justin also cut a casual figure in a bold red Thrasher hoodie with black and red track shorts from one of his favorite brands - high-end streetwear label Daniel Patrick.

The Sorry artist wore his hoodie over his hair for most of their outing together.

Before their coffee break, Justin and Selena biked around an LA neighborhood together.

Justin led the way on his black bike with headphones in his ears.

At times the pop star would raise his hands, which brought Selena to giggles.

They reunited after the Monte Carlo actress revealed she had a kidney transplant over the summer due to her lupus.

Can't stop laughing: The Sorry artist wore his hoodie over his hair for most of their outing together, pairing it with track shorts from one of his favorite brands - Daniel Patrick

Back to their bikes: They soon returned to their bike after cooling down

What a gentleman: Justin appeared to hold on to the bikes as Selena picked which bike she was going to ride

The duo have been seen catching up on numerous occasions together, including enjoying a vegan breakfast together on Sunday.

She was spotted arriving at his rented mansion hours after their meal together.

On Monday, Justin was seen leaving her LA home in the morning; he was driving his white Mercedes Benz G-class SUV.

According to TMZ, Selena and Justin are just friends; they added her renewed friendship with him had nothing to do with her breakup with The Weeknd.

The website says The Weeknd pulled the plug on their relationship, although they still remain friends.

Relaxing: Justin appeared to be listening to music during their excursion

Happiest girl on Earth: Selena couldn't stop smiling while riding her bike

Enjoying their day: The 25-year-old singer and her on-off ex appeared to be having a blast during their outing together

However, a conflicting report from US Weekly reported that Justin 'wants to get back together' and that the 'ball is in her court.'

The magazine's source said that Justin 'was always her soulmate and her one true love' despite Selena dating other people.

The former flames of the songstress were 'placeholders' and 'flings,' adding that Justin 'always had her heart and attention.'

Low key: At times the pop star would raise his hands, which brought Selena to giggles

Just friends? Selena beamed ear to ear as she followed Justin on her bike

Bliss: The duo have been seen catching up on numerous occasions together, including enjoying a vegan breakfast together on Sunday as well as meeting up at each other's properties

Time for a quick snap: Selena was spotted taking a photo of Justin while he grinned ear to ear

Break time: Selena fixed her hair before they continued biking

Justin and Selena began dating in 2010, and the two had an on and off relationship before ending it for good in 2014.

TMZ's insider said that some of her family members are still mad at Justin for his behavior during their on and off years of dating.

They reported that some think she went to rehab for depression because of the pop star, calling him a 'vile human.'

Selena and Justin were not on good terms as of late last year.

Happy duo: According to TMZ , Selena and Justin are just friends and her renewed friendship with her ex had nothing to do with her breakup with The Weeknd

Good times: However, a conflicting report from US Weekly reports that Justin 'wants to get back together' and that the 'ball is in her court'

Lots of catching up to do: Selena had a bold teal bike while Justin had a classic black one

Staying healthy: The next day the beauty looked toned as she headed to the gym with a book

No marks: The Wizards Of Waverly Place vet was not showing her scar from her kidney transplant surgery

Last year, Selena and Justin also bickered publically on Instagram, which led him to him deactivating his account for six months.

It all started in August of 2016, when Selena criticized Justin for threatening to quit social media after fans penned harsh comments about his then girlfriend Sofia Richie.

He told his followers that he would make his page private if they didn't stop with the nasty messages about Sofia.

He turned it private briefly before deleting his entire account.

Selena voiced her opinion on his behavior in the comments section, writing: If you can’t handle the hate then stop posting pictures of your girlfriend lol - it should be special between you two only. Don’t be mad at your fans. They love you.'

The heart wants what it wants: Justin and Selena began dating in 2010, and the two had an on and off relationship before ending it for good in 2014; seem in February 2011 at the Vanity Fair Oscar party in West Hollywood

Blast from the past: The magazine 's source said that Justin 'was always her soulmate and her one true love' despite Selena dating other people; seen November 2011 at the American Music Awards in LA

'It's funny to see people that used me for attention and still trying to point the finger this way. Sad. All love. I'm not one for anyone receiving hate,' he wrote back.

Selena responded with: 'Funny how the ones that cheated multiple times, are pointing the finger at the ones that were forgiving and supportive, no wonder fans are mad. Sad. All love.'

Justin hit back with: 'I cheated... Oh I forgot about You and Zayn?' — referring to Zayn Malik.

After the blow out, Selena posted on Instagram: 'What I said was selfish and pointless' but it appeared to come too late.

When they were in love: Last year Selena and Justin also bickered publically on Instagram, which led him to deactivate his account for six months; seen in Jul 2011 at The ESPY Awards

Selena and The Weeknd's shock split came this week, after 10 months of dating.

The Weeknd, 27 and Selena revealed their romance publically after being spotted kissing on January 10 outside Santa Monica's Giorgio Baldi's restaurant.

According to People's insider, Selena and The Weeknd ' have been going back and forth for a few months about their relationship.'

Fancy: Selena and The Weeknd's shock split came this week, after she was seen enjoying Sunday breakfast with Justin; at The Met Gala on May 1, 2017 in NYC

It's been 'hard' because he's on tour currently while Selena is in NYC for her Woody Allen film.

The distance played a major part on the breakup and 'wasn't easy on them.'

The website's insiders said Selena and The Weeknd's relationship is 'over for now' although they are 'still in touch.'

Recently: The website's insiders said Selena and The Weeknd's relationship is 'over for now' although they are 'still in touch'; seem on September 3 in NYC