This Is Us: Why Sylvester Stallone’s Guest Role Was More than Just a Gimmick This post contains spoilers for This Is Us Season 2, Episode 3, “Highs and Lows.”

Finally, we know what Sylvester Stallone got up to during his day on the set of This Is Us. Beyond starring in a movie with Kevin, the once-and-future Rocky Balboa also facilitated a moment that could catalyze a breakthrough for Kevin, who has yet to deal with his father’s death. In a larger sense, Stallone’s appearance was the narrative spine for an episode that’s all about how we—and, more specifically, the Pearsons—move forward from trauma.

Before we get ahead of ourselves, a quick recap: Kevin landed a role in a Ron Howard World War II movie co-starring Stallone, whose character he rescues in the movie. When Kevin shows up with Kate on set, his sister tells Stallone that their father was a big fan of Stallone’s; when Stallone tells Kevin that, Kevin finds himself thrown. He has trouble performing, and hurts his leg amid flashbacks to his childhood. He and Kate fight in his trailer about Kevin’s inability to confront the grief about their loss. Meanwhile, Randall and Beth’s new foster daughter, Deja, arrives, and she’s. . . a little more closed-off than they expected. They appear to have a breakthrough as Randall explains his own upbringing and adoption to Deja, but when she finds out that her mother might be in jail for a long time, she storms off. And in the past, we see Rebecca trying to sweep Jack off his feet after a lengthy dry spell. They wind up talking, as Jack promises to confide in her more. Also, it appears they adopted a stray dog!

This episode’s threads all tie together in a fascinating way. First, we now know a little more about that leg injury Kevin had on the day his father died; it turns out he suffers from a bad knee, as Kate mentions during a phone conversation. And more importantly, all three Pearson children—and their father—are seen confronting their own traumas in different ways. Kevin, as actor Justin Hartley explained after last week’s episode, has been refusing to deal with his grief—but after a fight with Kate, it appears he is starting to realize he might have to. Kate, by contrast, has been owning and confronting the trauma of losing Jack since Season 1. Randall’s issues are a little different; he must deal with both losing Jack and growing up as an adopted son.

“My whole childhood, I felt split inside,” Randall told Deja. “There are these people that I lived with, and then there were my birth parents, who I’d never met. But I thought about them all the time.”

And then there’s Jack, whose alcoholism likely stems from the horrifying experiences he endured during the Vietnam War. (We’re guessing the fact that Kevin’s making a war movie is a very intentional echo.) As the season continues, expect to hear more about those experiences, now that Jack has told Rebecca he’s ready to try and reveal more of his innermost thoughts and fears to her.