Heidi Klum, 44, confirms split from Vito Schnabel, 31 Heidi Klum and her boyfriend of three years Vito Schnabel have split.

The 44-year-old German model confirmed the news to People on Monday after DailyMail.com reported in mid September that the two are 'taking time apart.'

The America's Got Talent judge, who has four children with singer Seal, said: 'I believe that it is important to take time to pause and reflect.'

Heidi and Vito have not been photographed together since August 20. And when Klum has hit red-carpet events this month, she has done so solo.

Done: Heidi Klum and her boyfriend of three years Vito Schnabel have split. The 44-year-old German model confirmed the news to People after DailyMail.com in mid September that the two are 'taking time apart.' Seen here in February

A source told DailyMail.com on September 13 that there was 'trouble in paradise.'

Indeed she went to the Emmys alone and she has attended several other events, such as this weekend's iHeart Radio event, without a plus one.

'They haven't been pictured together at all recently, and Heidi stayed in a hotel during her recent trip to New York,' said the source of Klum's early September trip to Manhattan.

On her own: The leggy wonder posed with David Spade on Saturday in Las Vegas at the 2017 iHeartRadio Music Festival at T-Mobile Arena

New friends: Klum also posed with Jennifer Lopez and manager Benny Medina

Just fine on her own: The Vogue model at the Emmys, left, and in Vegas on Friday, right

The mother-of-four arrived in Manhattan on September 7 and headed to a hotel, rather than staying with her long-term love at his property in the city.

And when the star attended the Harper's Bazaar Icons event in NYC the next day, she was not with Vito, who is the son of artist Julian Schnabel.

'Heidi's been spending lots of time partying with her friends,' the source told DailyMail.com.

'She was also seen with Lewis Hamilton at the the Harper's Bazaar event. Friends are wondering if this could possibly be the end?'

No Vito here! The 44-year-old siren looked to be in a party mood when she posed with Lewis Hamilton and Swizz Beats at the 2017 Harper ICONS party in New York on September 8

In early September, Heidi was by her ex-husband Seal's side as she threw a big birthday party for one of her sons.

The two kissed at the 25th Annual Elton John AIDS Foundation's Academy Awards Viewing Party in LA in February

Heidi and Vito were last seen holding hands in NYC on August 20.

In June eyebrows were raised when he was pictured kissing a mystery brunette.

Vito was spotted in an embrace with the woman in the early hours of in London. This comes while Klum was in New York filming new episodes of America's Next Top Model.

Schnabel sent a statement to People: 'The claims that have been made are a misinterpretation of an entirely innocent situation.

'There is nothing more to this than I was simply saying goodnight to a family friend and we went on our separate ways.'

Vito was spotted leaving popular eatery Chiltern Firehouse with the unknown female, around 3:30 am.

The brunette appeared enamored with Vito, and the couple reportedly kissed for around 30 seconds before jumping into a black cab and continuing their passionate display.

According to reports, Vito then left the taxi and entered his hotel alone, while she continued to another address.

Though they have been together for three years, Heidi previously told Entertainment Tonight in 2015, 'I won't get married again', adding that she is 'very much in love.'

Ex files: Heidi was by her ex-husband Seal's side in early September as she threw a big birthday party for one of her sons. Seen in 2007

Mama bear: The model shares three children, Henry, 11, and Johan, 10 and their daughter Lou, seven, with British singer Seal. She is also a mother to 11-year-old Leni, whose birth father is former flame Flavio Briatore and later adopted by her former husband

Her comments come after the model first married married stylist Ric Pipino in 1997 before they parted ways in 2002.

Heidi then started dating Vito, an art curator, since 2014 - two-years after her separation and subsequent divorce from husband of seven years Seal.

The model shares three children, Henry, 11, and Johan, 10 and their daughter Lou, seven, with British singer Seal.

Early days of love: Here the two are seen in September 2014 in New York

She is also a mother to 11-year-old Leni, whose birth father is former flame Flavio Briatore and later adopted by her former husband.

After their split, Heidi explained she saw the divorce as just another learning experience in her life.

'I mean, we learn every day,' she told Us Weekly, 'I’ve had a roller coaster ride of a life, and I enjoyed that.

'All the ups and the downs, as long as it goes up again. I’ve had a very exciting life. I hope it continues that way.'

Meanwhile, Vito has been linked in the past to Demi Moore and Elle Macpherson.