Duchess of Cambridge makes one little boy's dreams come true in Newcastle with a huge hug The luckiest lad in Newcastle! Duchess of Cambridge obliges with a hug after cheeky request from youngster during royal walkabout

The royal visit is Kate’s first official trip to the North East

Husband William was paying his respects at the funeral of his former nanny

Kate recycled a berry-coloured coat from last Christmas at Sandringham

Young fan Terry Campbell said she had very soft skin after his hug

Kate revealed that she grows her own potatoes



Friends of schoolboy Terry Campbell learnt an important lesson from their classmate yesterday: If you don’t ask, you don’t get.

The cheeky ten-year-old managed to get a full hug from the Duchess of Cambridge simply by holding his arms out wide for her.

Terry was among a group of children from a local school who were waiting excitedly outside Newcastle’s Civic Centre for a glimpse of Kate.

Scroll down for video

Stockton was just one of the stops on the Duchess's whirlwind tour of the North East, her third official engagement is as many days

Young Terry Campbell aged 10 from Morpeth Road Primary School in Blyth was the luckiest boy in Newcastle today after receiving a cuddle from the Duchess of Cambridge

When she saw him gesturing she opened her arms and asked: ‘Am I going to get a cuddle as well?’ Without a second thought she then leant over the steel barrier and embraced him.

Terry, wearing his school uniform under a green hoodie, went a brighter shade of red moments later and appeared almost lost for words when asked what it had been like to cuddle a real-life royal.



As the Duchess of Cambridge arrived in Stockton this afternoon she was greeted by hundreds of excited locals who has been waiting for hours to catch a glimpse of the beautiful Royal.

Kate arrived to cheers from the crowds lining Prince Regent Street as she paid a special visit to the CRI Stockton Recovery Service.



Write caption here

Hundreds of well wishers lined the streets waving Union Jack flags to welcome the Duchess

And the hundreds of people who waited patiently behind the barriers to catch a glimpse of the princess were not left disappointed as Kate worked her way down the line with a beaming smile on her face.

'She’s absolutely beautiful - she really is fantastic,' gushed Diane Holder, 64, from Ingleby Barwick, 'She has beautiful hair - she is just a beautiful woman!'

Kate was in Stockton to pay a special visit to The Stockton Recovery Service which supports people aged 18 and over who are adicted to drugs.



As a patron of Action on Addiction she was particularly moved to meet families involved in Action on Addiction’s Moving Parents and Children Together (M-PACT) programme.

The CRI-run service in Stockton is one of the charity's licensed partners and the focus of this visit was to learn about their work with children living with parental substance misuse and addiction.



The Duchess of Cambridge greeted crowds outside Newcastle’s Civic Centre

Stockton was the third stop on the Duchess's packed itinerary on her first official visit to the North East. Earlier in the day as she greeted crowds outside Newcastle’s Civic Centre she made her way along to a group of school children who had been waiting excitedly all morning for a glimpse of the Royal. Among them was 10-year-old Terry who had vowed to get a hug from the Duchess – even maybe a kiss. And he was far from disappointed when his moment arrived. As the Duchess made her way along to the cheeky youngster he immediately held his arms out wide. The Duchess then asked him: ‘Am I going to get a cuddle as well?’ Without a seconds thought she leant forward over the steel barrier and embraced the schoolboy. ‘It was good,’ he said, still slightly stunned by his first encounter with royalty. ‘I was hoping to get a hug from her when we came here this morning. ‘I never actually thought it would happen. I can’t believe she hugged me back. ‘She was everything I thought she would be. She was really nice.’ A school friend interrupted: ‘The one thing he really wanted though was a kiss.’

Among them was 10-year-old Terry Campbell who had vowed to get a hug from the Duchess



As the Duchess made her way along to the cheeky youngster he immediately held his arms out wide



Without a seconds thought she leant forward over the steel barrier and embraced the schoolboy



VIDEO: The luckiest boy in Newcastle...a huge hug from Kate!

Unfortunately for Terry he missed out on a kiss but the school pupil from Morpeth Road Primary School in Blyth, Northumberland, is unlikely to ever forget the day he shared a cuddle with the future Queen.

He was among 11 pupils from the school who were taken on the trip to Newcastle to see the Duchess.

His teacher Kim Ramsey, 32, said: ‘I never imagined when we set off this morning that terry would actually get a hug from Kate.

‘I don’t think there was much planning that went into it. We asked the children to come up with a question for her and he decided he was going to ask for a hug.

‘He’s such a cheeky little lad. He just said: ‘I’m going to stick my hands out and get a hug.’

‘I never thought she’d actually agree to it. It was a wonderful moment.’

Kate was delighted to spend time in the gardens with the children

Kate played with the local children who were dressed in plastic ponchos to keep clean and dry

Elswick Park was just one of the venues that the Duchess visited on her first solo engagement to the North East

Write caption here

Kate chose a burgundy wool coat worn cinched in with large buckled belt and her favourite suede knee high boots for the visit to Newcastle



Schoolboy Terry appeared almost lost for words when asked what it had been like to hug a real-life princess.



'I was hoping to get a hug from her when we came here this morning,' Terry said KATE RECYCLES ANOTHER WINTER WARMER

Another official engagement = another recycled dress coat for Kate, the queen of thrifty chic. And this three-quarter length berry-coloured coat has special significance in the Duchess's wardrobe. Kate chose the deep burgundy piece for her first Christmas day at Sandringham as wife of William, where she was spotted making another little boy's day as she left Sandringham Church after the traditional Christmas Day service last year. The high-necked jacket was reported to be made by an independent British designer and Kate wore a hat in a matching wine coloured velvet by Jane Corbett, one of the Middleton family's favourite milliners. Hat's a winner: Another happy young fan greets the Duchess on a sunny Christmas day in 2011



The royal visit is Kate’s first official trip to the North East, and speaking ahead of the visit, the Lord Mayor said: 'This is indeed an honour for the whole city and it will give us an opportunity to showcase our talents in education, sport and science as well as our international work.' The Duchess’ first engagement was at Newcastle Civic Centre where a range of people - from those who contributed to making the Olympic Games a success in Newcastle to volunteers who help make the city centre a more welcoming place for people and businesses - were waiting to meet her. Inside Newcastle Civic Centre, Kate met representatives from a number of community organisations which have been helping residents and businesses and working to improve life generally in the city. She even tried her hand at the Paralympic sport of boccia, a form of bowls, when she joined two disabled players in motorised wheelchairs from the local Percy Hedley School, which teaches children with cerebral palsy and motor disorders. The Duchess sat between Michael Bell, 17, from Durham, and Richard Armstrong, 16, from Birmingham. As she was handed a red bowl, she said: 'The pressure’s on' and predicted it would 'go rolling off the carpet.' Her first effort hit the white jack ball and stopped six inches away but Richard proved to be the master of the game, making a succession of throws which hit or came close to the target. Kate’s second effort sailed past the jack but her third and final throw made her gasp as it came within a whisker of hitting the target before rolling two feet away. Michael, who performed a little worse than the Duchess with his bowls, conceded: 'She was doing better than what I was doing, but she should come down and see some of our other sports like wheelchair basketball.' The Duchess of Cambridge carried out a string of solo engagements in Newcastle without the Duke, who is attending the funeral of his former nanny Speaking ahead of kate's visit the Lord Mayorof Newcastle, Councillor Jackie Slesenger said: 'This is indeed an honour for the whole city and it will give us an opportunity to showcase our talents in education, sport and science as well as our international work.'

The royal visit is Kate's first official trip to the North East The Duchess’ first engagement was at Newcastle Civic Centre where a range of people including those who contributed to making the Olympic Games a success in Newcastle were waiting to meet her.

Kate took part in a ball throwing exercise with Richard Armstrong (L) and Michael Bell from Percy Hedley school Kate continued her visit to the North East by meeting community groups and school children in Elswick Park, Newcastle. She was greeted by 200 children and members of the public who were waving flags and cheering.

Some of the children also passed her gifts, including flowers and jam. Kate was shown around a community garden and helped plant some seeds before continuing through the park. A plaque was then unveiled and a girl from a local school presented the Duchess with a bouquet of flowers. The park is protected under the Queen Elizabeth II Fields Challenge, which seeks to protect and create hundreds of playing fields across the country. The community garden was set up in 2009 to give girls and young women the chance to learn how to grow vegetables and plants. Kate revealed to community garden Emma Hughes that like thousands of keen gardeners around the country, she grows her own veg. Ms Hughes said after the visit: 'She grows her own potatoes in sacks. We were digging the potatoes and she was asking about it. She said ours were bigger. She said she only got small ones this year.' Elswick Park is protected under the Queen Elizabeth II Field Challenge During her visit to thepark Kate admitted that she grew her own potatoes to community farmer Emma Hughes, and that her crop had been small this year

Write caption here Kate unveiled a plaque in the sunshine in pretty Elswick Park

The Duchess of Cambridge smiled as she arrived for a visit to a community garden project at Elswick Park in Newcastle



Kate met with royal fans - young and old - who had waited for hours for a glimpse of her



It was Kate's third official engagement in three days but the royal showed no signs of flagging as she smiled and chatted with the crowd