Here’s exactly how to get Jessica Biel’s romantic beauty look from the Emmy Awards 2018 Simple, and stunning, Jessica Biel gave the kind of red carpet performance at the 2018 Emmy Awards that we all want to channel.

Well, luckily, her glam squad behind the scenes shared the secrets to creating her romantic look.

Hair

Adir Abergel, Hollywood’s go-to hair guy gave Biel “soft ethereal hair”, inspired by Pre-Raphaelite imagery.

How? The creative director for Virtue Labs (launching in the UK later this month) used the brand’s Moisture Defining Whip (£34) which he blow-dried into Biel's hair. Incidentally, Abergel tells us this is his favourite product at the moment because it’s extremely versatile and easy for people to use.

“You can use it easily to air-dry or diffuse hair to enhance natural texture and bring out waves. I also like to use it on set to break up the hair after curling. I apply a golf-ball size amount into my hands and scrunch it into hair to enhance the style.”

He then loosely tonged Biel’s hair using the , £165, “to create these romantic waves” that were soft and shiny.

Make-up

Celebrity make-up artist Kara Yoshimoto Bua payed homage to the same inspiration, creating a relaxed, glowy beauty look with blurred berry lips.

“Inspired by the romantic white dress that she is wearing, I had a pre-Raphaelite feeling in the back of my mind and wanted to bring it forward to make it more fresh and elevated,” she explained on Instagram, listing the exact Chanel make-up products she used on Biel. Take note:

Skin

For Biel’s complexion she used the , £37, , £37, , £39, and the Powder Blush in 440 Quintessence, £35. She also packed her off with blotting papers to slay any shine on the night.

Eyes and brows

For her eyebrows she used their , £30, and on the eyelids the , £44, and mascara, £28, on the lashes.

Lips

To line Biel’s lips the make-up artist used the , £20, then applied the Rouge Allure Liquid Powder in Avant-Gardist (available in the UK soon), showing Biel how to top it up with her fingertips for a soft blurred effect.

All the red-carpet fashion from the 2018 Emmys Open Gallery