Revenge Body: Shayla sheds 28 pounds and gets engaged Khloe Kardashian could not help a Revenge Body participant fix her broken relationship with her mother on Sunday's episode, but did help her get engaged.

Shayla told the cameras she was on the show to get revenge on her mother for lying to her about the identity of her biological father.

Despite a 12-week complete lifestyle change and deciding to forgive her mother's deception, Shayla was still left frustrated when her mother refused to show up to the reveal party.

Surprise proposal: Shayla was seeking revenge on her mother on Sunday's episode of Revenge Body With Khloe Kardashian but got engaged instead

Instead, boyfriend Toby was there and dropped to one knee to propose to Shayla.

The show started with Shayla explaining how her life changed when her mother casually told her one day who her biological father was.

'A year and a half ago my parents dropped a nuke. My whole life has been a big lie. I don't know who I am at this point.

'My parents decided to come clean to me and tell me that the person I thought was my dad, wasn't my dad,' Shayla told Khloe.

Life changer: Toby hugged Shayla after proposing at her big reveal party

The ring: Shayla had an engagement ring slipped onto her finger

'She was like ''I think your dad died in 2013'', just like that. I did not really have a reaction it was jarring and very devastating.

'I researched him online and found his obituary online, he played in the NFL and died at 61 and has four other children out there somewhere.

'I am pissed off at my parents. The relationship with my mom is damaged big time. We don't speak. My parents are very religious and I grew up a Jehovah's Witness.'

Getting emotional: Khloe listened as Shayla told about being lied to about her biological father

Shayla told the cameras that her mother felt she was living in sin with boyfriend Toby despite her own actions.

'After my parents came clean to me I started to beast eat to feel better, but gaining all this weight has made me feel worse. I don't like to admit I am broken, I have never been broken before. I have had betrayal before but when it is your parents it has triggered 50lbs.

'I want to be able to stand in front of my parents and tell them how much they have hurt me and take control of my life.'

Taking control: Shayla said she wanted to take control of her life after gaining weight when she found out about her biological father

Shayla began working out with Simone De La Rue and her dance-based exercises and she was told she had to replace beast eating with beast mode workouts.

Shayla weighed in at 249lbs and the tears flowed as she admitted she was 'disappointed.'

'This is not a quick fix, this is a lifestyle,' Simone told her.

Not quick: Simone De La Rue told Shayla it wouldn't be a quick fix when she weighed in at 249 pounds

'The decisions my parents have made have impacted my life in a way that they could never understand. I am angry,' said Shayla.

Shayla then spoke to brother Alex about the letter her biological father had sent her but that her mother could not find.

Her brother told her their mother knew that her father had another family and Shayla said she may never be able to trust her again.

Trust issues: Shayla admitted that she may not ever be able to trust her own mother

But the workouts began to pay off, even though Shayla told the cameras that 'My body hates me and I am hurting places I did not know existed.'

Shayla struggled with the lost of her aunt after a battle with cancer and when she ran late to her classes Simone told her that she needed 'to let the lion out.'

The death made Shayla realize that she needed to learn to forgive people who make mistakes and decided she needed a relationship with them.

Celebrity trainer: Simone kept Shayla pointed in the right direction

Khloe then gave Shayla a DNA test to take if she wanted as she called her and trainer Simone her 'guardian angels.'

Khloe was on hand to give Shayla the test results, which told her about her West African roots.

'This is the most incredible thing i have ever received,' she told Khloe.

DNA test: Khloe surprised Shayla with a DNA test that told of her West African roots

'Before I wanted to confront my mom but now I want to come to her with an open heart, forgiveness and love.

'This process has really helped me to understand that the weight gain was my fault.'

But when she got to the reveal party it was clear that her mom had not come.

Reveal party: Shayla rocked a green gown for her reveal party

'That hurts,' said Shayla as her brother said she was advised by elders at her church not to go as her daughter was living as a sinner.

'I get that you are religiously convicted but at the same time you hurt me in a really big way and this was our opportunity to make amends for that and it wasn't taken so it is hard to tell where we go from here,' she said.

Shayla told Simone that if it was not for her and the journey she had gone on her mother's absence would have probably 'shattered' her but that she was much stronger now.

Weight lost: The contestant lost 28 pounds in just 12 weeks

But instead of that Shayla, who lost 28lbs and went from a size 22 to a size 14 got a marriage proposal from her boyfriend.

As the credits rolled the show announced that Shayla has lost another 10lbs and is a size 8 and plans on marrying this year at Disneyland.

Khloe then met with 20-year-old participant Kevin who wanted to change his body to get out of the friend zone with his secret crush.

Tender moment: Toby kissed his fiancee Shayla after she said yes

Wedding plans: Shayla lost 10 more pounds and plans to marry at Disneyland in 2018

Kevin told the cameras he was tired of being bullied and wanted to 'feel cool' for the first time in his life.

'I want to get my first kiss as I have never been kissed or had a girlfriend.

'Ive been bullied since third grade, al the way until the end of high school,' Kevin told Khloe.

Seeking revenge: Kevin said he was bullied since third grade over his weight

'I feel like I have been eating to feel happy again.'

Kevin admitted he hated taking PE classes at school and had lost confidence.

Kevin told Khloe that he wanted to reveal his new self to childhood friend, Julie, hoping she might be come something a bit more.

Celebrity trainer: Luke Milton trained Kevin for the show

He told the cameras that they had both been chunky as youngsters but that Julie had slimmed down and now got lots of male attention while he remained the 'fat friend.'

'She does not see me like the other guys who are buff and good looking.

'I have liked Julie for a long time and after these 12 weeks I want to be a stud. I want Julie to look at me like a man and not like a fat little boy.

Growing confidence: Kevin's confidence grew as he lost weight

'I have always had a crush on her and I want her jaw to drop, I want to be boyfriend material for her.

'I am getting my revenge on Julie, I am tired of being fat, I am tired of being bullied and I am tired of being in the friend zone.'

Khloe told him he needed to do things for him and not anyone else.

Kevin began to train with Australian trainer Luke Milton and weighed in at 255lbs.

Good times: Luke joined Kevin at a Cinco de Mayo party

On Kevin's 21st birthday his workout class threw him a party and Khloe videoed in to wish him well and she had sent him some of Kanye's Yeezy sneakers.

As his training came to an end Kevin weighed 215lbs, a loss of 40lbs.

'That's a baby, that's ridiculous. I don't seem that dumb nerd, that fat and chubby kid, I see the new me,' said a thrilled Kevin.

Weight lost: Kevin lost 40 pounds in 12 weeks

At the reveal party he told Julie he had been sad and in a bad place and that he had been getting revenge on her.

'I had to lose weight as I don't look like the other guys you have dated before. I had to fix my teeth and get a new car. I felt I had to do anything to get your attention,' he told her.

Julie told him that he did not have to change and that she loved him and felt he was the 'perfect man.'

Showing support: Julie was at the reveal party showing support

'I felt I had to do it as I am in love with my best friend, basically,' he told her as she laughed nervously.

'You are the one that I want a relationship with. I wanted to see if this could go somewhere, do you ever think it could?'

Julie grew serious and told him that she did not know how to take it all.

Just friends: Julie wanted to keep Kevin as a friend

'I understand but I feel that I would not want to jeopardize our friendship,' she told him.

'I appreciate that and that is okay. Now I can use this confidence and everything that I have learned to use and to meet someone,' he told her.

'So you are not mad at me?' she asked.

'No I'm not and I hope you are not mad at me,' he told her.

And Kevin wasted no time in locking down a date with another girl at the party as Julie watched on.

Looking on: Kevin chatted up another girl at the party as Julie looked on

Kevin then sat down with Khloe and told her that he felt like a model and was 'in a very good place and so happy and excited.'

As the credits rolled the show announced that Kevin has lost another 10lbs and is dating but still waiting for a kiss.

Revenge Body returns next week on the E! network.