Johnny Depp, Charlie Sheen and Kevin Dillon reunite It's the movie that helped launch three major Hollywood careers.

And on Monday night, Kevin Dillon revealed that he and his Platoon co-stars Johnny Depp and Charlie Sheen still keep in touch 31 years after the film hit theaters in 1986.

Dillon, 51, shared a photo of the three men hanging out at what is believed to be Depp's Hollywood Hills home.

Together again: Platoon co-stars Johnny Depp, Charlie Sheen and Kevin Dillon are seen in a photo posted to Dillon's Instagram on Monday night in Hollywood

Depp, 54, can be seen smoking in the snap as he places his hand on Charlie's chest.

Sheen, 51, makes a tough face for the camera as Dillon smiles on next to him.

Dillon captioned the photo: 'Platoon 30 year #reunion last night at #johnnydepp house #goodtimes @charliesheen.'

Platoon, which was directed by Oliver Stone, won the Oscar for Best Picture in 1987.

Hit: Sheen (L) and Dillon are seen in character in this photo from the classic 1986 movie

Here's Johnny: Most of Depp's role was cut from the film, where he played a translator

Sheen played the main character Private First Class Chris Taylor during the Vietnam war, while Dillon played a soldier named Bunny, and Depp a translator called Lerner.

Stone famously made his stars - including Sheen, Depp and Dillon - undergo intensive bootcamp training in the Philippines before the film was shot there.

A real life Vietnam vet himself, the director drafted Marine Corps officer and fellow vet Dale Dye - who would also play Captain Harris in the film - to put the actors through a 30-day military regimen.

Now and then: Sheen's career has been plagued by drug troubles and wild behavior over the years

They were made to dig fox-holes, go on forced marches, had limited food and water, were subjected to night time 'ambushes' using special effects equipment, weren't allowed to shower, had to sleep in the jungle, had rotated night watch, and were even kept awake by firing blank rounds.

The film was Depp's first trip outside the United States; Stone reportedly originally considered him for Sheen's role, but decided he was too young at the time.

In the end, despite all the intensive training, Depp was eventually cast in a much smaller role of a military translator Lerner, who saw most of his screen time cut from the final film.

From bad to worse: The Hollywood pin-up always had a wild streak, but shock claims of drinking and violent behavior have emerged in the wake of his split from Amber Heard

Nevertheless Stone predicted at the time Depp would go on to become a huge star; The Pirates Of The Caribbean also carried his experience on the film throughout the rest of his career, burying himself in intensely researched roles.

It's unclear how often that the three men have stayed in touch with each other since the movie, but they have all gone on to have major careers in film and television.

Depp and Sheen both developed reputations as bad boys alongside their successful acting careers.

Everybody loves Drama! Post-Platoon, Dillion is best known for his role as Johnny 'Drama' Chase on the HBO comedy series Entourage

Johnny was once handcuffed after a fight with then-girlfriend Kate Moss after causing nearly $10,000 dollars in damage to a hotel room in 1994.

He admitted to regularly 'poisoning' himself with alcohol and had a few reported scuffles, one with a security guard in 1989 and another with a paparazzi in 1999.

Depp appeared to have settled down after marrying his Rum Diary co-star Amber Heard in 2015, but when she filed for divorce the following year, shocking stories of drinking and abuse came to light.

In legal documents released earlier this year, it was revealed that Johnny's manager was informed that he kicked Heard during one particularly gruesome fight during their marriage.

Platoon: The Oliver Stone written-and-directed movie won the Oscar for Best Picture in 1987

Charlie Sheen attended rehab for alcohol in 1990 and twice again 1998.

He married actress Denise Richards in 2002, and when they divorced in 2006, she alleged that he threatened to kill her after a complicated custody dispute over their two daughters.

More arrests and rehab stays followed for Sheen before his very public 2011 breakdown where he posted a series of erratic videos where he claimed to have 'tiger blood' and started his popular slogan 'winning!'.

Here comes trouble: Johnny became known as a bad boy but appeared to settle down after marrying Amber Heard in 2015, they divorced a year later with her claiming he was abusive

In 2015, Charlie announced he was HIV-positive after a blind item about him circulated on the internet.

Dillon worked consistently after Platoon and scored a major role in HBO's Entourage. Thought his troubles were not as high-profile as his co-stars, he did go through a nasty divorce from wife Jane Stuart this year and was involved in a 2015 altercation with a group of teenagers who were taunting him, but he was cleared of any wrongdoing.

Troubled: Sheen had been in-and-out of rehab for years before his public 2011 meltdown

In a 2012 interview with Mario Lopez for Extra, Sheen took credit for Depp's success.

When asked if there was a movie he regrets passing on, Charlie first mentioned that he should have done White Men Can't Jump, which starred Woody Harrelson.

Continuing his thought process about other films he was offered, he said, 'I should have done Nightmare On Elm Street, but if I had Johnny Depp wouldn't have a career.'