Kylie Jenner's beau Travis Scott reveals they conceived daughter Stormi after THREE WEEKS of dating Travis Scott has revealed he and Kylie Jenner conceived daughter Stormi after just three weeks of dating.

Speaking to Rolling Stone, the rapper, 26, admitted that he and the 21-year-old reality star were immediately ready to become parents when they found out they were expecting Stormi, aged 10 months.

He said: 'We felt like, 'This is something special.' And kids are something we kind of talked about when we were getting busy.'

Plans: Travis Scott has revealed he and Kylie Jenner conceived daughter Stormi after just three weeks of dating. The couple are seen at the Met Gala in May this year

Although the Hell of a Night hitmaker originally wanted a son, he said having a baby girl was the best thing to happen to him.

He said: 'When we found out it was a girl, I was like, 'Huhhh.' But after a while I was like, 'Yo, this might be the illest thing that ever happened.' And when Stormi was born, I was like, 'Life is fire, bro.'

The star also revealed he is planning a 'fire' proposal to Kylie as she is the one.

Baby girl: Speaking to Rolling Stone , the rapper, 26, admitted that he and the 21-year-old reality star were immediately ready to become parents when they found out they were expecting Stormi, now 10 months

He said: 'It got to a point where I was like, 'I need [Kylie] with me to operate. She's that one'.

Waxing lyrical about the couple's baby girl, Travis admitted Stormi is banned from watching television, despite her mother's rise to fame on reality television.

Slamming the overreliance on technology in today's society, Travis said that is why his daughter will not be allowed to watch TV.

Travis, born Jacques Webster, says it's just a matter of time before he makes things official with Kylie, who he has been in a relationship with for 20 months.

'We'll get married soon. I just gotta sturdy up — I gotta propose in a fire way,' the 26-year-old rapper tells the magazine.

Not allowed: Waxing lyrical about the couple's baby girl, Travis admitted Stormi is banned from watching television, despite her mother's rise to fame on reality television

Supportive: Kylie has been travelling with Travis on his Astroworld tour; the two are seen in New York last month

He says the couple fell quickly in love after meeting at the Coachella festival in April 2017.

'Maybe, like, the first week, you don't know if it's real or a fling. Then the second week you're like, 'Whoa, I'm still talking to her, she's responding, I'm responding. We ain't run out of a thing to say.' And it got to a point where I was like, 'I need her with me to operate. She's that one.''

Opening up: In a wide-ranging new interview with Rolling Stone, Travis says it's just a matter of time before he makes things official with his girlfriend of 20 months

Family: 'We don't let nothing come over Stormi time,' says Travis

Travis says nothing comes between them and time with their daughter.

'We don't let nothing come over Stormi time. Stormi Saturdays.

'We don't f*** around with those. Even with me on tour, Stormi pulls up. She'll travel. She got more stamps on her passport than a lot of motherf***rs.'

Stormi and Kylie are often pictured backstage supporting Travis as he tours with his Astroworld album.

He says Stormi is a fan of his track Stargazing but also loves Baby Shark.

Supportive: Kylie arrives to watch Travis Scott perform at The Forum in Inglewood, California on Wednesday night

As for Kylie, Travis says she is as 'normal as possible' and 'the coolest motherf***er of all time', despite her huge fortune.

Lip Kit mogul Kylie was named as America's fifth richest celebrity by Forbes magazine on Wednesday, tying with Jay Z with a staggering net worth of $900million.

Says Travis: 'People don't understand how real my girl is. How ill she is. They have assumptions, bulls***-ass remarks of what they think is going on. Nah, bro.'