Tonya Harding Threatens to End Tense Piers Morgan Interview Tonya Harding threatened to walk out of an interview with Piers Morgan after the Good Morning Britain host implied that the former ice skater is using the film I, Tonya to “play the victim” and questioned her involvement with in the attack on her rival Nancy Kerrigan.

On the show to discuss the movie starring Margot Robbie, Harding grew visibly frustrated as Morgan began implying that the film victimized her, rather than Kerrigan, whom Morgan believed was the true victim.

“Maybe it suits you to play the victim,” Morgan told Harding. “But I think the victim in all this wasn’t you. It was Nancy Kerrigan, who had her Olympic dream shattered.”

After taking a moment to respond, Harding then threatened to end the interview. “Thank you so much. I appreciate being on your show, but I think I’m going to have to say, ‘Have a good night.'”

Taken aback by her decision to cut the interview short, Morgan continued to press, “You’re going to end the interview, because I think that Nancy Kerrigan was the victim here and not you?”

“You weren’t letting me finish,” Harding argued. “I think that many people are the victims of abuse every single day and can’t stand up for themselves. People need to be able to understand that we need to stand united and that abuse should not be happening anymore.”

Tension continued to grow as Morgan began pressing Harding about her involvement with Kerrigan’s attack. “You did know, didn’t you? You did know what was happening?” Morgan asked, with Harding responding, “No I did not know anything prior. … No knowledge.”

Morgan then abruptly ended the interview soon after.

Harding’s biopic was recently nominated for three Golden Globes including best picture, comedy or musical. Although hesitant to be involved with the film, Harding told The Hollywood Reporter that she found Robbie’s portrayal worthy. “I was so nervous to watch it, but when I saw it, I wasn’t watching a movie about me. I was watching Margot, and then I went, ‘Oh my goodness. That’s about me,'” Harding said.

View clips of her Good Morning Britain interview here.