Britney Spears Performs "Something to Talk About" Live Britney Spears is the princess of pop—and don’t you forget it.

At Saturday’s performance of her “Piece of Me” residency at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas, Brit clapped back at lip-syncing accusations and lived up to the title of Godney with a stripped-down performance of Bonnie Raitt’s 1991 hit “Something to Talk About.” As seen in videos posted by concertgoers, Spears, wearing black lingerie, fishnet tights, thigh-high boots, and long blond pigtails (yasss), paused her high-energy show to address the audience. “So, I’ve been doing a lot of thinking lately, right?” she said. “This morning I woke up and I was like, I looked at the news and there’s a lot of things going on in the world and stuff, but basically I looked and I was like, you know what, the press and the media…my whole life, you know, it’s really crazy—one minute they tear you down and they’re really horrible, and the next minute you’re on top of the world, you know?”

The pop star and Instagram icon continued, “I never really spoke about it, you know, and I’m a Southern girl. I’m from Louisiana. I’m from the South and I like to keep it real, so I want to just make sure I keep having you motherf*ckers something to talk about, okay?” The 35-year-old then launched into her soulful cover of the sassy track, confidently strutting across the stage and proving once and for all that the vocal tracks she uses in her concerts are purely for backup purposes, as she’s repeatedly stated.

Most recently, prior to a July performance in Tel Aviv, Spears responded to lip-syncing rumors in an interview with an Israeli TV program, according to Entertainment Weekly. “A lot of people think that I don’t sing live,” she said. “I usually, because I’m dancing so much, I do have a little bit of playback, but there’s a mixture of my voice and the playback. It really pisses me off because I am busting my ass out there and singing at the same time and nobody ever really gives me credit for it, you know?” And in a 2014 interview with Medium shortly after Spears’s über-successful four-year residency began, one of her managers, Adam Leber, backed up the “…Baby One More Time” singer’s claims. “To put on the show that she puts on, it’s virtually impossible to sing the entire time and do what she does. She’s singing on every song, basically, when she has the ability to sing,” he said. “There’s no way you can dance for 90 minutes straight and sing the entire time.”

Actresses Priyanka Chopra and Jodie Foster Reinterpret “Toxic” by Britney Spears