No, Sophie Turner’s Game of Thrones Tattoo Didn’t Spoil the End of the Series Trying not to spoil Game of Thrones is like a second job for the cast of Game of Thrones. Just ask Sophie Turner, the actress who’s played the tactical Sansa Stark since the beginning. In early June, the actress commemorated the show, which is nearly done shooting its final season, by getting a tattoo of a direwolf along with the message “the pack survives.” It’s clearly meant to be an ode to family and all things House Stark—but, of course, once they saw it, fans worried that she was somehow giving away the ending of the show.

But why would she do that? Of course, Turner didn’t spoil anything. The actress stopped by James Corden’s Late Late Show to explain that she was well aware that people might misconstrue the new ink, to the point where friends warned her not to get it.

“When I was getting it done, people advised me not to because it looked like I was giving it away. But I wasn’t!” she said. “It’s just a quote from last season, but everyone figures that the pack really does survive.”

Really, the quote is “just a moral that I like to live by,” Turner explained. Just a moral, folks! Just a nice saying. Plus, if you really think that sadist George R.R. Martin is letting this series end without some serious pack division, then perhaps you’ve been watching a different show. Last season may have been surprisingly low on favorite character deaths, but that might have been so HBO can wallop its viewers into Red Wedding flashbacks when Season 8 premieres next year.

Getting a tattoo is just Turner’s way of preparing herself for the end, as many of her other castmates have been doing recently. Emilia Clarke, who plays Daenerys Targaryen, posted a heartfelt message on Instagram this week, thanking the show “for the life I never dreamed I’d be able to live and the family I’ll never stop missing.” The actress has already shot her final scenes as the Mother of Dragons, telling Vanity Fair in a cover story that viewers are in for a shocking end. “It fucked me up,” she said. “Knowing that is going to be a lasting flavor in someone’s mouth of what Daenerys is . . .”