Vanderpump Rules: Brittany Cartwright yells at Jax Taylor Brittany Cartwright went ballistic at Jax Taylor on Monday's episode of Vanderpump Rules as she discovered the extent of his cheating.

The 28-year-old Kentucky native learned that he may have cheated on her multiple times with Faith Stowers.

Brittany was furious at the tanned Lothario and screamed at him: 'You actually f***ed her more than once!'.

Breaking up: Brittany Cartwright ended her relationship with Jax Taylor on Monday's episode of Vanderpump Rules after learning the extent of his cheating

Jax, 38, denied the accusations, but wobbled by asking: 'What does it matter if I did it two or three times?'

His line of reasoning was accurately predicted by Ariana Madix who advised Brittany on how he would likely respond.

'You're disgusting, I f***ing hate you,' Brittany bellowed as Jax made the expected responses.

'This changes everything you piece of s***! …We're done,' she told him.

Strong denial: Jax denied having sex more than once with Faith

Speaker phone: Brittany had their conversation on speaker phone and was shocked at Jax's response

Moving on: The Kentucky native vowed that she was done with Jax

The show opened with Brittany having a 'hungover spa day' with Stassi Schroeder.

The romantic pampering was supposed to be a gift for Jax on their two-year anniversary.

'Since he can't keep it in his pants…I'm taking Stassi,' said Brittany defiantly.

Spa day: Brittany took Stassi Schroeder to a spa outing that was supposed to be a gift for Jax on their two-year anniversary

Stassi advised Brittany to 'never' get back together with the promiscuous barman.

'I'm so confused about everything,' said Brittany, who admitted that she'd had sex with Jax a few times since their split.

'I don't know why,' she cringed.

Breakup sex: Stassi was surprised when Brittany admitted to having sex with Jax

The boys went to a pub to console Jax.

'I wish Brittany would hook up with someone, to make it even,' he admitted.

While Jax boasted about having 'more sex in the last two days than the last six months', Tom Sandoval was peeved about his lack of action with Ariana.

Hooking up: Brittany and Jax were still living together after he admitted cheating on her

'It's been like, f***ing two months,' complained the 34-year-old bartender.

'I literally downloaded an audiobook about intimacy last night,' he sighed.

Tom Schwartz later apologized to Lisa Vanderpump, on Sandoval's behalf.

Intimacy issues: Tom Sandoval complained about not having sex with his girlfriend Ariana Madix

'Showing up with balloons and a puppy dog expression isn't going to change anything,' huffed the British restaurateur.

The ladies threw a party in Brittany's honor, complete with pajamas, a Jax piñata and beer cheese.

'I think they've set aside all their differences for the sake of hating Jax,' said Schwartz.

Teaming up: Tom Schwartz noted how the women were teaming up to hate on Jax

Espionage team: Stassi's skills were listed as Schwartz considered the squad lining up to take on Jax

The women even cast a spell, so Jax could 'receive his karmic punishment,' as Katie Maloney described it.

The men bought Jax a locking chastity penis case to keep him chaste.

'The sex has never been better,' he bragged, shortly before Brittany dumped him, and barred him from their apartment.

Never better: Jax bragged that sex with Brittany 'has never been better' before she called him

Locking case: The guys gifted Jax with a locking penis chastity case

The hostess: Stassi looked stylish in personalized pajamas while hosting the party for Brittany

Making out: Ariana and Stassi kissed as the girls all made up during the party

Lisa back at Sur also met with Lala Kent, who tearfully begged for her job back.

'Clearly you don't need the money,' said Lisa.

Lala admitted she has a man who buys 'amazing things' for her.

She's back: Lala Kent was back and asked Lisa Vanderpump for her old job back

Money matters: The former Sur hostess pulled up in a Range Rover and said she had a generous boyfriend who buys 'amazing things' for her

'But a man is not an ATM machine,' added the 27-year-old hostess.

Lisa caved and took her back calling her a 'lost puppy'.

Ariana, a keen rider, tested out a new horse called Walter.

Ride on: Ariana recently got back into horseback riding and tried out a new horse Walter

The horse 'spooked' and threw Ariana into the dust.

Like a pro she got 'right back on'.

Sandoval went to watch her on competition day, but the setting proved too arousing for the sex-starved man.

Bailed out: Walter got spooked and Ariana bailed out of the saddle

Back on: Ariana after her tumble still rode Walter in competition

'She looks so hot…you've already got a whip, maybe we just need a saddle or something, she can ride me,' he mused.

James Kennedy and Raquel Leviss went to play with puppies, to help Raquel deal with her anxiety.

'I smoke weed, she pets dogs,' laughed James, who was back on the booze too.

Anxiety relief: Raquel Leviss was brought by boyfriend James Kennedy to play with puppies to help relieve her anxiety

'I don't do shots anymore though,' he told Lisa despite recent footage showing him downing alcohol.

James after getting permission from Lisa started moving forward with plans for a Tuesday night DJ residency at Sur.

Vanderpump Rules will return on January 1 on Bravo.