Tyler Hoechlin Returning as Superman for Crossover, Lois Lane to Appear DC has announced that Tyler Hoechlin (Teen Wolf, Supergirl) will be returning to The CW as Superman in this year’s annual Arrowverse superhero crossover event. The Man of Steel will also be joined by Lois Lane, marking the power couple’s DCTV crossover debut.

Hoechlin made his first appearance as Clark Kent in season two of Supergirl as Kara Danvers legendary cousin. After being featured in four episodes of the series, Hoechlin will put back on his cape as we wait to see who will be cast to play Lois Lane.

The CW recently set the dates for the annual crossover, with this year’s storyline heading to Gotham City, a place previously off-limits to The CW. The crossover will start with The Flash on Sunday, December 9. Arrow will continue the story on Monday, December 10, before it all comes to an end in Supergirl on Tuesday, December 11. DC’s Legends of Tomorrow is sitting out of this year’s event, and Black Lightning has yet to establish any firm links with the Arrowverse.

Season 3 saw Supergirl stop Reign and the other Worldkillers’ threat to humanity and our planet, and in the process, Kara was shocked to find her mother Alura alive and living in a salvaged Argo City that survived the destruction of Krypton. Reconnecting with her past caused Kara to realize that her true home is now here on Earth, where big changes are taking place for her and all of her friends in National City – and also, it appears, for a doppelganger in Russia! Season four promises to be full of surprises, action, adventure and lots of big revelations for Supergirl, Alex, James, J’onn, Lena and Brainy.

Supergirl stars Melissa Benoist as Kara Danvers/Supergirl, Mehcad Brooks as James Olsen, Chyler Leigh as Alex Danvers, Jeremy Jordan as Winslow ‘Winn’ Schott, Katie McGrath as Lena Luthor, Jess Rath as Brainiac 5, and David Harewood as Hank Henshaw/J’onn J’onnz. New to the cast for the fourth season is Sam Witwer as hero Agent Liberty.

Based on the DC characters created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster, the series is executive produced by Greg Berlanti, Sarah Schechter, Robert Rovner and Jessica Queller. Supergirl is produced by Berlanti Productions in association with Warner Bros. Television.

Supergirl season four will premiere on The CW on its new night, Sunday, October 14, at 8:00 p.m.

Are you excited for Hoechlin to return as Superman? Who do you want to see play Lois Lane? Let us know what you think in the comments!