MTV Awards: Noah Cyrus performs Stay Together Noah Cyrus wasn't going to let a bit of rain or hail ruin her big night.

The 17-year-old sister of Miley Cyrus incorporated a bit of her sister's colorful stage show and risk-taking style as she performed at the MTV Movie and TV Awards on a hailing, rain-soaked day in Los Angeles Sunday.

Noah took the stage at the Shrine Auditorium to perform her single Stay Together clad in a white tracksuit with Ruff Neck emblems, with a black mesh top over a bando and black boots, as she was flanked by backup dancers in yellow shirts.

Diamond-studded diva: Noah Cyrus, 17, performed her new single Stay Together in her first appearance at the MTV Movie and TV Awards in Los Angeles Sunday

Earlier in the evening, the Nashville native was snapped with her father Billy Ray Cyrus, making her entrance outfitted in a silky black ensemble of a jacket over a crop top with matching pants from the label Baja east.

She rounded things out with black heels, wearing her black locks down and parted in the middle, making for a very natural look.

High energy: The young singer was flanked by a quartet of backup dancers clad in yellow

Making her point: Noah took the stage on a skating half-pipe in her performance

Next up: The songstress drew comparisons to her older sister Miley with the lively outing

Rising talent: Noah looks to be the latest star to emerge from the musical family

Noah's stylist Sydney Lopez chat with Billboard about the thought process both she and the performer put into the unique ensemble, describing the outfit as 'so clean, relaxed and cool together.

'She tried on this suit and there was a piece of me that was like, "I don't know," but then she started to pose in it and we just fell in love with it,' Lopez said. 'It's fun for her to be comfortable but also look really dope, which I think the Baja East boys are great at.'

Sense of humor: Noah Cyrus, 17, had a laugh as she walked the red carpet at The Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles Sunday for the MTV Movie And TV Awards

Daddy's girl: The emerging pop starlet posed with her father Billy Ray Cyrus earlier at the event

Generational style: Both Noah and her famous father were decked out in fashionable ensembles for the event

Breakout: Noah appeared on The Tonight Show earlier this year for the first time

Billy wore a black cap that read 'Be Raw' with a black leather jacket over a black button-up shirt with a red T-shirt. The bearded Achy Breaky Heart crooner rounded out his look with grey jeans, brown cowboy boots, rings and a necklace.

The Make Me (Cry) songstress said she was anxious to take the stage in support of her latest release, Stay Together.

Look out: Noah kept her composure amid hail falling on the red carpet, a rarity in Southern California in the spring

Ready for her close-up: Cyrus said she was looking forward to debuting her single Stay Together on TV

Fun day: The upstart songstress didn't seem too upset by the sudden shift in weather

Gearing up: Fans and media covered themselves under plastic and umbrellas outside of the building

'I'm so excited to be performing at the MTV Movie & TV Awards,' she said. 'It will be my first time performing Stay Together on TV and I'm looking forward to having a great time!'

The 5ft4 teen released her first album NC-17 on Simon Cowell's Syco label earlier this year.