Eva Longoria Gives Birth to First Child With Jose Baston Cue the blue! Eva Longoria welcomed her first child — a boy named Santiago Enrique — with husband José Bastón in Los Angeles on Tuesday, June 19, her rep confirms to Us Weekly.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2018 A new bundle of joy! Scroll through to see all the cute babies who were born to famous parents in 2018, so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive […]

“We are so grateful for this beautiful blessing,” the couple said in a statement to Hola! USA, in addition to sharing the first photo of their newborn with Us and the magazine.

Us confirmed in December that the Desperate Housewives alum was expecting. While this is her first child, it’s Bastón’s fourth. He shares three kids — son José and daughters Tali and Mariana — with ex-wife Natalia Esperón.

Related: Cutest Celebrity Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

The Telenovela actress chatted with Us Weekly in February where she dished on finding out she was pregnant while directing Fox’s comedy The Mick. “I thought they’re going to think I’m a terrible director because I’m just sleeping all the time!” she told Us at the time. “Every chance I got I took a nap!”

The busy mom also revealed at the time that she and Bastón had not yet chosen a name. “Once I finish this pilot, I’ll be able to focus on getting ready for my little boy,” she told Us.

Throughout her pregnancy the 43-year-old embraced her baby bump, often times documenting her journey to motherhood on social media. In March — just three months before giving birth — the glowing actress took to Instagram Live to joke about her clothes no longer fitting.

Related: Famous Celebrity Pregnancies: Baby Bump Hall of Fame Let me see that sexy body go bump, bump, bump! From Kim Kardashian to Angelina Jolie, celebrities' pregnancies are on display on red carpets, the streets of New York and L.A., and in their own pregnancy shots. Take a look at some of the most famous celebrity pregnancies.

“Can I just show you guys that my sweaters don’t fit me anymore on my belly,” Longoria said in the video. “I try to keep pulling them down and they just go back up.”

Longoria and Bastón wed in May 2016 in Acapulco, Mexico.