Candice Swanepoel reveals her post-baby body in bikini Candice Swanepoel is back in a bikini after giving birth to her second child on June 19.

The Victoria's Secret beauty proudly displayed her post-baby figure as she hit the beach in Brazil on Friday - less than three weeks after welcoming son Ariel.

She looked fantastic as she modeled an off-the-shoulder TRIANGL bikini top with tie detail and some red polka-dot briefs.

Post-baby beauty: Candice Swanepoel was back in a bikini in Brazil on Friday less than three weeks after welcoming son Ariel on June 19

Natural beauty: She looked fantastic as she modeled an off-the-shoulder bikini top with tie detail and some red polka-dot briefs

Candice was joined by her parents and son Anaca, 20 months for the beach outing.

She welcomed her second child with partner of 13 years, Hermann Nicoli, at home last month.

'Thank you so much for all the well wishes... Our little man was born this morning at home and he couldn’t be more perfect.' Candice captioned a photo of her newborn when she announced the news.

Glowing: The 29-year-old South African beauty looked happy and healthy as she cooled off in the ocean

Beach babe: The Victoria's Secret beauty wore her hair swept back in a bun and accessorized with silver hoop earrings

Sun's out bun's out! The South African born beauty hitched up her bikini briefs as she walked to the water

The Victoria's Secret beauty first announced she was pregnant with her second child in December, writing 'Christmas came early #2,' on Instagram

The Victoria's Secret beauty first announced she was pregnant with her second child in December, writing 'Christmas came early #2,' on Instagram next to a bump-highlighting snap.

Candice and fiance Hermann (also a model) became engaged in 2015.

Previously, Candice admitted that she wants to have a 'bunch of kids' but would leave her future in the hands of fate.

Family plans: Candice has said in recent interviews that she wants to have a 'bunch of kids' but would leave her future in the hands of fate

Family time: Candice was joined by her parents and her little boy Anaca, 20 months

Cautious: Anaca looked a little unsure at first and held on to mom

Mom-of-two: Candice has two children with her fiance Hermann Nicoli

Giggles: The catwalk star gazed lovingly at her eldest son as he sat happily in her arms

Cooling off: Anaca looked thrilled as mom waded into waist deep water

She said: 'I don't plan too much into the future. I believe a lot in destiny and that what happens - you can try to manifest certain things, but I definitely do want to continue having a great career and building my family as well because I'm really loving that. I definitely want to have a bunch of kids.'

And, although her first child is still very young, it's hardly surprising that she's decided to add to her brood as she has admitted she's enjoying every second of motherhood.

She gushed: 'It's such a mixture of feelings. It's amazing though - I'm loving motherhood. I loved my pregnancy too, all the different stages.'

Lithe figure: Candice, who stands at 5ft 9in, was discovered at age 15 when she was spotted by a model scout in a Durban flea market

Taking a dip: The lingerie beauty covered up her midsection in a black wrap skirt as she waded through the water