Timberland boots becoming trendy with Gigi Hadid, Khloe K While Timberland footwear has always been marketed towards outdoorsman, in recent months, the rugged boots have become a must-have accessory with Hollywood 'it' girls.

Stylish stars like Gigi Hadid, Jennifer Lopez and Khloe Kardashian are incorporating 'Timbs' into their street style looks.

Having been around since 1973, the sturdy yellow high-tops are very recognizable. Until now! FEMAIL rounds up current styles with a fresh twist.

Limited editions: Looks like sisters Gigi and Bella Hadid own the same boots or one sibling has been borrowing from the other's shoe closet

Looks like sisters Gigi and Bella Hadid own the same boots or one sibling has been borrowing from the other's shoe closet.

Gigi was spotted in Tribeca, New York, in mid December looking like a fashion plate from head-to-toe. The 22-year-old wore a yellow faux-fur dRa jacket, clear Ray Ban glasses, printed Happy Socks and Off White x Timberland boots.

Bella, 21, stepped out five days later wearing the exact same pair of shoes, Chrome Hearts pants, and Andy Wolf sunglasses, with an Alyx bag slung around her chest.

Fortunately Gigi owns more than just one pair. She was photographed this weekend in traditional Timberlands and a Max Mara coat, while clutching a Miu Miu purse.

A classic: Fortunately Gigi owns more than just one pair. She was photographed this weekend in a traditional Timberland style, a Max Mara coat, while clutching a Miu Miu purse

They're versatile: Khloe Kardashian, 33, is also a fan of the Off White X Timberland collaboration. The mom-to-be has been spotted at the airport twice rocking the limited-edition boot

Khloe Kardashian, 33, is also a fan of the Off White X Timberland collaboration. The mom-to-be has been spotted at the airport twice rocking the limited-edition boot.

In all black, the 'Revenge Body' host accessorized both of her sporty looks with Celine sunglasses and an Hermes bag.

Jennifer Lopez, 48, has been a long time fan of Timberlands. From workout pants to a designer Gucci sweater, the 'Shades of Blue' star styles them with just about everything.

An OG: Jennifer Lopez, 48, has been a long time fan of Timberlands. From workout pants to a designer Gucci sweater, the 'Shades of Blue' star styles them with just about everything

LIMITED EDITION COLLABORATION: Off-White teamed up with Timberland to create this plush camel velvet style

Velvet Ankle Boots by Off White + Timberland, $955; net-a-porter.com

3 INCH HEELS: Field boots featuring updated styling and layered leathers

Camdale Field Boots by Timberland, $140; timberland.com

BONE: A softer shade makes for a softer look

Waterproof Leather Ankle Boots BY Timberland, $170; lordandtaylor.com

PRETTY IN PINK: Available in 5 other colors like navy and light green

6-INCH Premium Waterproof Boots by Timberland, $170; timberland.com

FLORAL DESIGN: A ladylike print offsets the toughness of the silhouette

Ankle boot by Timberland, $189; yoox.com

LACE-UP HEELS: The classic workboot with a chic, feminine twist

Glancy 6" Lace-Up Boots by Timberland, $130; macys.com

INTERNAL WEDGE: Get over an inch of extra height with a built-in wedge

6-INCH Premium Waterproof Internal Wedge Boots by Timberland, now $139.99; timberland.com

PEEP-TOES: Fashion-forward details like buckles and peep-toes are unexected

Marge Buckle Peep-Toe Boots by Timberland, $250; timberland.com

CUSTOMIZE YOUR OWN: Choose from 16 colors, 19 different laces and monogramon the tongue, heel or hangtag