Pregnant Khloe Kardashian Shows Off Bare Baby Bump in Lingerie Hot mama! Khloe Kardashian is baring it all as she nears the end of her pregnancy.

Related: Cutest Celebrity Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

The 33-year-old reality star, who is expecting her first child with boyfriend Tristan Thompson, rocked black lingerie and cradled her bare baby bump in a new pic posted to Instagram on Wednesday, March 21.

“📸 @sashasamsonova,” she captioned the shot, tagging her glam squad.

Related: Celebrity Moms Who Were Shamed for Their Baby Bumps These celeb moms (including Jessica Simpson, Kim Kardashian and Kate Middleton) were all shamed for their baby bumps — find out more

While it’s unclear exactly when the photo was taken, Kardashian revealed on January 2 that she was officially six months along. While she traveled to Japan at eight months pregnant late last month, a source exclusively told Us Weekly that the Revenge Body host is set to stay in Cleveland until she gives birth. (Thompson, 27, currently plays for the Cleveland Cavaliers).

Kardashian revealed on the March 4 episode of Keeping Up With the Kardashians that she is expecting a baby girl. The Good American Designer celebrated the imminent arrival of her daughter at a pink-themed baby shower on March 11. Guests at the party included sisters Kim Kardashian, Kourtney Kardashian, Kendall Jenner, Kylie Jenner, as well as mom Kris Jenner and Real Housewives stars Kim Zolciak-Biermann and Kyle Richards.

Related: The Kardashian Family: Get to Know the Next Generation While making their mark on the entertainment and business world, the Kardashian-Jenner clan is also raising their next generation. Kourtney Kardashian was the first of Kris Jenner’s children to have kids of her own. Kourtney and her now-ex Scott Disick welcomed their eldest son, Mason, in December 2009, followed by daughter Penelope three years later. […]

“💕 Magical moments with the most magical women! I’ll forever be in love with YOU! 💕,” the mom-to-be captioned a picture with her family at the bash.

Us exclusively revealed in September that the Strong Looks Better Naked Author is pregnant. Two months later, she announced the news to her fans via Instagram: “My greatest dream realized! We are having a a baby! I have been waiting and wondering but God had a plan all along. He knew what He was doing.”

For the latest beauty and style trends subscribe to our new podcast ‘Get Tressed With Us’ below!

