Holly Marie Combs slams 'Charmed' reboot: 'Don't even think of capitalizing on our hard work' Charmed, I’m pretty sure she’s not.

OriginalCharmedcast member Holly Marie Combs took to Twitter early Friday morning to denounce The CW’s in-the-works reboot, which snagged a formal pilot order on Thursday. And she pulled no punches.

“Here’s the thing,” she began. “Until you ask us to rewrite it like [exec producer] Brad Kern did weekly don’t even think of capitalizing on our hard work.” Combs then harrumphed that the franchise “belongs to the four of us” — presumably referring to former co-stars Alyssa Milano, Shannen Doherty and Rose McGowan — as well as “our vast amount of writers, crews and predominantly the fans.”

Advertisement Advertisement

RELATED Your Guide to TV’s 100+ Reboots and Revivals: The Twilight Zone, Roswell, The Office, Party of Five and More

The actress concluded her mini-rant with an apparent message to The CW. “You will not fool them by owning a title/stamp,” she wrote. “So bye.”

Here’s the thing. Until you ask us to rewrite it like Brad Kern did weekly don’t even think of capitalizing on our hard work. Charmed belongs to the 4 of us, our vast amount of writers, crews and predominantly the fans. FYI you will not fool them by owning a title/stamp. So bye. — Holly Marie Combs (@H_Combs) January 26, 2018

This marks Combs’ most explicit condemnation of the long-gestating project; her previous dings qualified more as subtle shade.

In confirming the pilot order on Friday, The CW revealed that Charmed 2.0 — which is being shepherded by Jane the Virgin’s Jennie Urman, Jessica O’Toole and Amy Rardin — would be “a fierce, funny, feminist reboot” centered on “three sisters in a college town who discover they are witches. Between vanquishing supernatural demons, tearing down the patriarchy, and maintaining familial bonds, a witch’s work is never done.”

Advertisement Advertisement

Related stories

Arrow Recap: Parent Trapped -- Could William Make Peace With Dad's Lie?

Charmed Reboot Gets CW Pilot Order -- What Changed From Last Year's Pitch?

Arrow: Katrina Law Set to Return for 'Unforgettable' Season 6 Episode