New Videos Show Kendall Jenner And Khloé Kardashian Praising Kim For Her New 'Anorexic' Look 04/10/18: Kim Kardashian Apologises For Harmful Anorexia 'Compliments'

As a guest star of Ashley Graham's new podcast, Pretty Big Deal, Kim Kardashian West finally apologised for her and her sister's harmful comments about anorexia.

Speaking to the backlash the mother-of-three said,'I honestly, looking back in having said that, I 100 percent completely understand where people would be coming from that felt that way.'

She explained that, through personal experience, she understands the eating disorder is far from a compliment,'So my intention is never to offend anyone and I really, you know, apologise if I offended anyone, because an eating disorder is - I know people that have serious eating disorders that have been in and out of the hospital for 15 years, close people. So I've like, been through, I have experienced it enough to have, like, known better.'

Kim continued, 'You know, sometimes when you're - you know I was, like, with my sisters and we were laughing and joking and it's loud and you are - you know, I dunno, I guess, sometimes you can get, like, carried away and just, it was insensitive, you know, and it definitely wasn't my intention though.'

The beauty mogul added, 'And I think, especially my fans and everyone that was watching was supportive, like, "OK, look, like, maybe you guys shouldn't have said that but I know what you were saying."'

Read Next

Getty Images

30/07/18: New Videos Show Kendall Jenner And Khloé Kardashian Praising Kim For Her New 'Anorexic' Look

The Kardashian and Jenner sisters are a shining example of sibling support. Never breaking ranks and always being the first to defend each other, the daughters of Kris Jenner prove that being sisterly is the best.



And, usually, we applaud them for that.

However, one of Kim Kardashian’s recent series of Instagram stories proves that, whilst they may be good at boosting each other’s morale, their comments aren't always 100% spot on.

Whilst attending a poker tournament benefiting City Of Hope, the 37 year-old mother-of-three filmed her sisters praising her gym-honed figure. Unfortunately, many of their compliments appeared to be centred on her thinness, praising her for looking like she doesn’t eat and having an ‘anorexic’ waist.

In multiple videos Khloé Kardashian and Kendall Jenner discuss the beauty mogul’s 119 pound weight.

At one point supermodel Kendall says, ‘No, like I’m really concerned, I don’t think you’re eating. Like, you look so skinny’, to which Kim retorts, ‘What, oh my God thank you!’ and Kendall replies, ‘Of course.’

In another video Khloé details Kim’s figure, ‘But she's anorexic here [points to waist] and her arms are like pin thin, they're like my pinkie—it's bizarre.’

Praising someone for reaching a personal goal, or even for their persistence in the gym is one thing, but isn’t calling them ‘anorexic’ quite another?

Fans have already taken to Twitter to voice their concern.

One user who describes herself as 'battling an eating disorder' states, ‘Kim Kardashian’s Instagram story is very triggering yikes.’

Others say that the videos make them want to throw their phone, ‘into outer space’, whilst another concludes, 'Stop promoting unhealthy body image and eating habits for young girls'.

With this coming months after that appetite suppressant advert gaff you'd think Kim would think twice about putting these kind of harmful comments out into the world, but apparently not.

Related Story Kim Kardashian Defends Wearing Braids

Related Story Kim Kardashian Straightens North's Hair