The End of ‘Live With Kelly and Michael': A Timeline (Photos) Photo credit: ABC There’s been a lot of drama at ABC over the departure of Michael Strahan from “Live with Kelly and Michael” and the search for a replacement. Kelly Ripa has been part of the network for nearly three decades.

Photo credit: ABC Kelly Ripa has been a part of the ABC morning talk show block for 15 years, replacing Kathie Lee Gifford as Regis Philbin‘s co-host on “Live!” in February 2001.

Photo credit: Getty Images After Philbin ended his 28-year run on the show, former NFL star Michael Strahan was picked to join Ripa on “Live!” in September 2012.

Photo credit: ABC In their nearly four-year run together, Michael & Kelly raised the show’s ratings by 8 percent compared to the last four seasons of “Live With Regis and Kelly.”

Photo credit: ABC On April 19, it was revealed without Ripa’s prior knowledge that Strahan would leave “Live!” this summer to join “Good Morning America” as co-anchor. Strahan had been appearing on “GMA” twice a week since 2014.

Photo credit: Getty Images A source told TheWrap there had been friction between Ripa and the rest of the “Live!” team. “Kelly has been very moody and emotional the past couple of years and Strahan was dreading going to work,” the source said.

Photo credit: ABC Strahan formally announced his departure from “Live!” on air April 20, but Ripa did not host the episode. A spokesperson for the show did not elaborate on the reasons for Ripa’s no-show.

Photo credit: Getty Images Over the weekend, Ripa reportedly spoke with Strahan and ABC president Ben Sherwood, who apologized for not telling Ripa about the “GMA” move sooner.

Photo credit: ABC On April 26, Ripa returned to “Live!” for the first time since Strahan’s announcement and thanked the show’s fans for their support. “Our national nightmare is over,” she joked.

Photo credit: ABC ABC also announced that Strahan’s final “Live!” episode would be moved up from September to May to take advantage of “sweeps” week.