People's Choice Awards 2018: Nicki Minaj, Black Panther and Avengers: Infinity War triumph The 2018 People's Choice Awards will kick off at 9pm EST on 11 November, 2018. ( E! / People's Choice Awards )

Your support helps us to tell the story Read more Support Now From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging. At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story. The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it. Your support makes all the difference. Read more

The 44th People's Choice Awards kicked off at 9pm ET in Santa Monica on Sunday, with Nicki Minaj opening the evening. Rita Ora and John Legend also sang during the ceremony.

This year, 43 awards were to be attributed across the categories of movies, TV, music, and pop culture. Members of the public voted ahead of time for their favourite films, TV shows, musicians, and influencers.

Three special awards were given. Melissa McCarthy was named People Icon of 2018, Victoria Beckham earned the Fashion Icon title, and lawyer and social justice activist Bryan Stevenson was awarded the People's Champion gong.

In addition to providing the opening performance for the evening, Minaj collected two major awards during the ceremony. She was named Female Artist of 2018 and won the Album of 2018 award for Queen. Minaj thus had the chance to give two humorous acceptance speeches. In the first, she gave a shout-out to actor Michael B Jordan, saying he would be removing her dress later in the evening. Minaj's second acceptance speech saw her dedicate her award to "Kim Kardashian's a** in that dress".

Avengers: Infinity War, which was released in April this year by Marvel, was one of the night's big winners. The superhero film was named movie of the year and won the Action Movie of 2018 award. It also earned Scarlett Johansson the title of Female Movie Star of 2018 for her role as Black Widow.

Black Panther, another Marvel Studios production, led to two awards. Chadwick Boseman was picked as Male Movie Star of 2018 for his role as T'Challa, while Danai Gurira, who plays Okoye, won the Action Movie Star of 2018 gong.

Follow updates as they happened

Please allow a moment for the liveblog to load.