Vanderpump Rules Pals Logan Noh and James Kennedy on the Outs After Season 6 



It was tough to watch the fallout between James Kennedy and his gay bestie, Logan Noh, on Season 6 of Vanderpump Rules. Fans saw the two hit a turning point after Logan told Brittany Cartwright‘s sister he was hooking up with James — who adamantly denied their romantic involvement — and confessed he was in love with the DJ even though James was (and is still) dating Raquel Leviss. Now, Logan is opening up to In Touch exclusively about how the alteration made their friendship go south.

Logan first met a bunch of the SURvers during the opening party of Lisa Vanderpump’s restaurant, PUMP, roughly four years ago. He started frequenting the Cali-based hot spot, and one night, James introduced himself while he was DJing. “We immediately hit it off and ended up having a great night and basically became best friends that night,” Logan recalled. “We basically spent every day together for the next four years and have been best friends ever since.”

https://www.instagram.com/p/BcZPNbPBAo5/

Things started to change when Logan was asked to film for the Bravo reality series James was a part of, thinking it would be a “fun experience” and allow the two to spend more time together. But after Logan sparked hookup speculation, James called the art director on speakerphone — with the cameras rolling — to “shut down the rumors immediately.” Since James was displeased with his pal and his cast members had varying opinions on whether or not the hookup even took place, Logan decided it was time to step back.

“My drunken talk with Brittany’s sister happened off camera and I never intended to make things more dramatic on camera,” Logan continued. “Once I did the phone call, I decided to leave the show for a while because I wanted to have everything die down a little.”

The former friends were able to patch things up around production time, though their relationship grew tense again once Season 6 started airing on television. Today, they keep things civil when they run into each other, though it doesn’t sound like we’ll be seeing these two getting drinks together anytime soon.

“He has shown recently that he has zero interest in maturing and treating his friends with respect, so like most people around him currently I have washed my hands of his toxic behavior and want nothing to do with him,” Logan shared. We can only hope to learn more about what happened during the upcoming three-part reunion.

For more exclusive content, sign up for our In Touch newsletter!