Actor T.J. Miller denies accusations of sexual assault, physical violence Updated Dec. 19, 2017, 5:18 p.m. ET

Actor/comedian T.J. Miller, 36, is the latest celebrity to be accused of sexual assault in an epidemic of allegations hitting Hollywood.

The Daily Beast published an account of an anonymous alleged victim who says the Deadpool and former Silicon Valley star sexually assaulted and punched her while studying at George Washington University during the course of a relationship that began in the fall of 2001.

The woman tells the outlet of alleged encounters, one of which she admits that, due to excessive drinking, there remain "parts of (the incident) I don’t remember."

She says while being intimate, Miller became to shake her and then hit her in the mouth during intercourse. She says in the morning she woke with a fractured tooth and busted lip. As the woman tells it, Miller explained her injuries by saying she had a drunken fall the night before.

On another evening, the woman says Miller again became violent while they were having sex and he began to choke her.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

"We started to fool around, and very early in that, he put his hands around my throat and closed them, and I couldn’t breathe,” she says. “I was genuinely terrified and completely surprised ... and I had certainly not entered into any agreement that I would be choked."

During the evening, the woman says Miller also penetrated her anally without her consent.

The alleged victim says she informed GW campus police about the alleged incidents nearly a year after they supposedly took place and that her claims were handled by the university's student court.

She told The Daily Beast that the university informed her they had resolved the issue following a student-court trial, which lasted a couple of weeks.

"The Student Association wants to clarify that the Student Court did not handle the case of sexual assault accusations regarding GW alumnus T.J. Miller," Ashley Le, the organization's vice president of public affairs, told USA TODAY. She noted that the trial was likely overseen by the University Hearing Board, which adjudicates non-academic disciplinary matters, including off-campus conduct.

The Daily Beast says it corroborated the victim's accusations; however, Miller and his wife of two years, Kate, denied them in a statement to USA TODAY Tuesday.

"We stand together in stating this is nothing more than an unfortunate resurgence of her lies designed to wreak havoc on two happily married people in the public eye," the joint statement reads. "She began again to circulate rumors online once our relationship became public.

"Sadly, she is now using the current climate to bandwagon and launch these false accusations again," the statement continues. "It is unfortunate that she is choosing this route as it undermines the important movement to make women feel safe coming forward about legitimate claims against real known predators.

"We stand together and will not allow this person to take advantage of a serious movement toward gender equality by allowing her to use this moment to muddy the water with an unrelated personal agenda," the couple added.

"The university takes allegations of sexual assault very seriously," a George Washington spokeswoman told USA TODAY. "Due to privacy considerations for our students, we will not comment on any current or former student's university records."

Within hours of the story's publication, The Hollywood Reporter and Variety reported that Comedy Central had canceled The Gorburger Show, in which Miller voiced an alien puppet character.

The network did not immediately respond to USA TODAY's question about whether the two were related; however, a Comedy Central spokesperson told THR that it had made the decision before being made aware of the allegations.

More: T.J. Miller arrested two days before hosting 2016 Critics Choice Awards

If you have ever experienced or witnessed sexual misconduct while working in the entertainment industry, we’d like to hear from you. Send us a secure tip using the instructions at newstips.usatoday.com.