Michael Buble and Wife Luisana Lopilato Welcome Baby No. 3 Michael Bublé has something to sing about! The musician’s wife, Luisana Lopilato, announced via Instagram on Thursday, July 26, that she gave birth to their third child, a daughter.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2018 A new bundle of joy! Scroll through to see all the cute babies who were born to famous parents in 2018, so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive […]

“How to explain that our heart explodes with love? That there’s not enough hours in a day to think about it. I thank God for making us this gift of life and happiness! Because looking in her eyes is looking at heaven itself!” she wrote in her native Spanish alongside a black-and-white photo of the baby girl’s hand. “We love you to infinity and beyond. We waited for you not only to grow as a family … you gave us light, hope, you are and will be our souls’ life.”

Bublé, 42, and Lopilato, 31, who wed in her native Argentina in 2011, announced the actress’ third pregnancy in February. They are also the parents of sons Noah, 4, and Elias, 2.

Related: Famous Celebrity Pregnancies Let me see that sexy body go bump, bump, bump! From Kim Kardashian to Angelina Jolie, celebrities' pregnancies are on display on red carpets, the streets of New York and L.A., and in their own pregnancy shots. Take a look at some of the most famous celebrity pregnancies.

The arrival of the couple’s new bundle of joy comes nearly two years after their eldest son was diagnosed with liver cancer. “Luisana and I have put our careers on hold in order to devote all our time and attention to helping Noah get well,” the four-time Grammy winner said in a statement posted on his Facebook page in November 2016. “At this difficult time, we ask only for your prayers and respect for our privacy. We have a long journey in front of us and hope that with the support of family, friends and fans around the world, we will win this battle, God willing.”

Lopilato’s sister, Daniela, told the Argentinian magazine Gente later that month that Noah had begun chemotherapy and the family had “a lot of faith” in her nephew, whom she called a “warrior.” The following February, Bublé said in a statement to Us that Noah was “progressing well during his treatment and the doctors are very optimistic about the future.”

Related: Celebrity Health Scares Trista Sutter, Selena Gomez, Ellen DeGeneres and more stars have opened up about their unexpected illnesses and injuries — read more

The “Haven’t Met You Yet” crooner and the model ended 2017 on a high note. A source told Us exclusively in December that Noah was “doing well,” and Bublé was “ready to think about going back to work.”