Olivia Munn will continue to speak up for #MeToo movement 'even if it costs her career' Olivia Munn has insisted she will continue to speak up for the #MeToo movement, even if it 'costs her her career'.

The actress, 38, made the statement in an interview for Cosmopolitan's December issue, as she called for a change in Hollywood to abolish the 'unfair stigma' surrounding women.

It comes after she fought to have her former co-star Steven Wilder Striegel - a registered sex offender - removed from new movie The Predator and bravely spoke out about disgraced director Brett Ratner, accusing him of sexual harassment.

Speaking out: Olivia Munn, 38, has insisted she will continue to speak up for the #MeToo movement, even if it 'costs her her career' in an interview for Cosmopolitan's November issue

The #MeToo movement has garnered much attention since last year, after famed Hollywood director Harvey Weinstein was faced with multiple allegations of sexual misconduct.

Many of Hollywood's leading ladies have come forward, recalling their own experience with sexual harassment and sexual assault in the workplace, as part of the wide-spread campaign across social media to raise awareness.

And having her say, Olivia has been vocal in her crusade to speak out against the unequal power at play in the movie industry.

She told the publication: 'I'm not for sale... if speaking up costs me my career, I don't want it anyway.'

Having her say: The actress has called for a change in Hollywood to abolish the 'unfair stigma' surrounding women, after speaking out about the sexual harassment she has experienced

Olivia fought to have actor Striegel removed from movie The Predator after discovering he was a registered sex offender. Striegel spent six months in prison in 2010 after pleading guilty to risk of injury to a child and enticing a minor by computer.

He was accused of attempting to lure a 14-year-old girl into a sexual relationship.

Striegel's scenes from The Predator were removed, following pressure from Munn on Warner Bros bosses, and she claimed following the decision, director Shane Black - who had been a friend of Striegel - 'has not spoken to her since'.

The victim of the actor has since publicly thanked Olivia for 'standing up for her'.

She tweeted: 'I am also eternally grateful for Olivia Munn’s action. She spoke up for me. She took a stance for me. In turn she stood for all who have suffered like I have.

Disgraced: Munn accused director Brett Ratner of sexual harassment following an incident that occurred on set of After the Sunset in 2004

Supporting women: Olivia also fought to have actor Striegel removed from movie The Predator after discovering he was a registered sex offender

'To be acknowledged by a stranger, on a public platform about this issue is incredibly empowering. The positive feedback from social media towards Olivia Munn is uplifting and feels incredibly supportive for me personally.

'I have no shame for what was done to me. I am not the one who needs to carry that shame. My name is Paige Carnes, former Jane Doe. I hope anyone who has suffered like I have regains their voice and their humanity.'

Olivia replied telling the girl she had been an 'inspiration' and thanked her for her 'courage' and 'fearlessness'.

It hadn't been the first time Olivia had taken a stance, as she previously accused director Brett Ratner of sexual harassment following an incident that occurred on set of After the Sunset in 2004.

Hitting back: Olivia told Cosmopolitan: 'People want to think that women use their sexuality to get ahead in any business, not just Hollywood. There’s that unfair stigma'

She recalled how Ratner had masturbated in front of her when she was asked to deliver food to his trailer - penning about her experience in her 2010 book.

The director was faced with six allegations of sexual harassment and assault in November last year from different actresses. Ratner has denied all allegations against him and made a decision to step away from Warner Bros.

Speaking out publicly about the director, Olivia admits in her interview with Cosmopolitan that she was advised not to go up against Ratner, as she was told 'his power trumped hers'.

Following her allegations against him, Ratner claimed he had 'banged her three times' in a TV interview and branded Olivia 'bitter' as he claimed the duo 'used to date'.

Munn furiously denied his claims publicly on Twitter.

Fighting for her name: Olivia was forced to fight back following her claims against Ratner, as he appeared on TV and alleged he'd 'banged her three times' - something she strongly denies

Standing up for herself: She took to Twitter to hit back at the disgraced director, telling Cosmo:'All I wanted was for him to clear my name. He muddied it and I wanted him to clear it' - Ratner later retracted his comments and confirmed they were not true

'He was doing this at a time when men were allowed to say that,' she says.

'People want to think that women use their sexuality to get ahead in any business, not just Hollywood. There’s that unfair stigma... All I wanted was for him to clear my name. He muddied it and I wanted him to clear it.

'I wasn’t looking for him to never work again, because back then it wasn’t even an option. I’d worked so hard and all I wanted was my name. So I went on to Twitter and I handled it in the only way I could. It was going to be a moral victory for me in that at least I’d stood up for myself.'

Ratner then backpedaled on his claims telling Howard Stern that he was just friends with the actress and apologised for making her look like 'a whore'.

Ratner continued to work on films in the wake of the claims, with Munn speaking out once more against the director last year and claiming there has been 'no justice'. She said she had been left pessimistic about Hollywood's will to root out sexual misconduct, as a result.

Munn said: 'There was always that feeling of, "Do I have worth to the public, or to Hollywood?" If I wanted to keep going, it felt like I had to bury it and just be OK with everything.'

In April this year, Warner Bros confirmed they will not be renewing their 450 million dollar deal with Ratner.

The studio’s deal with Ratner’s RatPac-Dune Entertainment financing company expired with the US release of Dwayne Johnson film, Rampage.

Olivia Munn's full interview appears in the December 2018 issue of Cosmopolitan, on sale Wednesday.