Butt-less man seeks surgery after a childhood cancer left him without buttocks A man has revealed he was left butt-less after surviving having a malignant bone tumor that grew inside his pelvic area removed.

In a preview clip for Wednesday night's episode of the E! series Botched, Tristan meets with plastic surgeons Dr. Terry Dubrow and Dr. Paul Nassif, and they are stunned when they see photos of his bare backside.

'Oh my God, the butt's gone!' Dr. Nassif says, while a baffled Dr. Dubrow stresses that the purpose of the padding on the buttocks is to allow people to comfortably sit down without putting direct pressure on their pelvic bones.

Scroll down for video

Struggle: Tristan (pictured) was left butt-less after battling bone cancer as a child, and he hopes Botched surgeons Dr. Terry Dubrow and Dr. Paul Nassif can fix his backside

Painful: After having malignant bone tumor removed from his pelvic area, he was left with a misshapen backside

Both agree that they haven't seen anything like it, and they are eager to hear Tristan's story while meeting with him and his mother, Angelica.

After they shake hands and sit down, Dr. Dubrow immediately asks Tristan to dive into his medical history.

'At age eight, I basically lost the nerves, like the mobility in my leg. I basically turned into a flamingo,' Tristan explains,' demonstrating with his arm how his leg just curled into his body.

Shocked: Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif are both stunned when they see pictures of Tristan's butt-less bottom

Childhood trauma: During their consultation, Tristan explains that he lost control of the mobility of his leg when she was just eight years old

Battle: It was later learned that Tristan had a tumor growing inside his pelvic area, and he was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma, an extremely rare cancer that typically occurs in children

'I had no control,' he explains. 'I instantly lost the nerves, and it just stayed like that.'

Although he was later learned that it was a tumor that was crushing the nerves in his leg, his cancer initially went diagnosed.

'The doctors were basically focusing on the leg versus where the tumor was,' Angelica adds. 'Nobody knew that it was a tumor that was growing inside his pelvic area.'

After meeting with several doctors, Tristan was eventually diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma, an extremely rare and aggressive cancer that typically occurs in children and young teens.

Difficult diagnosis: 'Even with modern surgical and chemotherapy techniques, the survival rate can be very low,' Dr. Dubrow says of Ewing's sarcoma

Can they? Tristan hopes the doctors will finally be able to help him after years of living without a butt

'Ewing's sarcoma is a particularly malignant type of bone tumor that can occur throughout the body,' Dr. Dubrow tells the camera.

'Unfortunately, even with modern surgical and chemotherapy techniques, the survival rate can be very low.'

After the tumor was surgically removed, Tristan was left with misshapen buttocks without any padding.

He hopes that the doctors will finally be able to help him after years of living without a butt.

'I'm eager to know what the possibilities are that we are going to be able to go through with,' Tristan tells the camera.