Gracie Phillips reveals her dad is Lou Diamond Phillips She's been a model for two years with work for makeup mogul Pat McGrath, Too Faced cosmetics and South Beach already under her belt.

But there's one side of her that up-and-coming fashion star Gracie Phillips has always kept hidden: her family background.

Now, in an exclusive interview with DailyMail.com, the 20-year-old LA-based catwalk sensation has spoken for the first time about her actor father Lou Diamond Phillips, 56.

Phillips, whose film and TV credits include La Bamba, Young Guns, Miami Vice and The 33, has three more daughters: Gracie's twin Isabella, Lilli, 18, and Indigo, 11.

But while he admits to chatting about Gracie's achievements 'with anyone who asks', his 20-year-old daughter, whose mother is former Penthouse model Kelly Phillips, has long been more hesitant.

Model Gracie Phillips, 20, exclusively revealed to DailyMail.com that her father is La Bamba actor Lou Diamond Phillips. The LA-based model said she kept her father a secret because she wanted to make it on her own

Gracie said: 'When I started, I never wanted anyone to say to me, she did this job because of her dad, because of her last name, because of who she is'

The brunette model said she kept her father a secret because she didn't want to face the same negative Kendall Jenner, Bella and Gigi Hadid faced due to their celebrity background

Phillips said: 'I'm incredibly proud of Grace and the fact that she wanted to earn this, she wanted to make her own way - I was supportive of that from the beginning.' Pictured: The father and daughter in December 1999

'When I started, I really just wanted to try and do it by myself and say yes, I did it all by myself,' Gracie explained.

'At the time, it was kind of in the height of Hollywood royalty where everyone was kind of doing things and you'd find out this is the child of so-and-so.

'As I was looking on social media, I saw positives but I also saw the negatives – people bashing the kids of people who were in the industry, saying they're only doing this because of this.

'When I started, I never wanted anyone to say to me, she did this job because of her dad, because of her last name, because of who she is.'

Phillips added: 'I'm incredibly proud of Grace and the fact that she wanted to earn this, she wanted to make her own way - I was supportive of that from the beginning.

'She's been booking jobs, she's been receiving praise and getting incredibly good feedback based on her own merit, without getting any qualifications.

'It's not that I don't want her to say she's my progeny but at the same time, there's no doubt it's very, very rewarding and I'm very, very pleased that she can take all the credit for this herself as she should.

'She's the one who's built her own boat in this respect.'

Like her contemporaries Kaia Gerber, Brooklyn Beckham and Gigi Hadid, Grace's childhood was one of film sets, travel and paparazzi eager to snatch a photo of her famous parents.

Gracie explained: 'When I started, I really just wanted to try and do it by myself. At the time, it was kind of in the height of Hollywood royalty where everyone was kind of doing things and you'd find out this is the child of so-and-so.' Pictured: Gracie with her sisters Isabella and Lilli and Phillips in an undated photo

She continued: 'As I was looking on social media, I saw positives but I also saw the negatives – people bashing the kids of people who were in the industry, saying they're only doing this because of this'. Pictured: The future model in grade school

Phillips, 56, whose film and TV credits include La Bamba, Young Guns, Miami Vice and The 33, admits to chatting about Gracie's achievements 'with anyone who asks. Pictured: Phillips and his ex-wife and Gracie's mother Kelly, a former Penthouse model

Phillips says he and his former wife Kelly did their best to ensure her young life was 'normal' – 'going shopping and cooking dinner, taking out the trash and picking up dog poop.'

He said: 'It's literally just not putting on airs and pretensions and making sure the kids see you as dad first when you're around.'

But some of Gracie's earliest memories are far from ordinary, among them the time she first saw the film La Bamba and broke down in tears thinking her father had really died, as he does in the movie.

'Growing up, I didn't know any different,' she told DailyMail.com.

'I was always on set, always around paparazzi and fans and it never really fazed me. I was just really proud of my dad.

'I do remember when I first saw La Bamba, I was taken aback – I wasn't born when it came out but I first saw it when I was really young.

'I didn't really understand the concept of acting yet, so when I first saw it, I actually thought he died.'

Phillips added: 'I remember it very well, she came outside with tears in her eyes and went, Dad, you've died! And I was like no, I'm right here!'

'I was really upset,' Gracie recalled. 'But after that, I was able to understand, oh this is not real and I understood that it was acting.'

Gracie says modeling is where she expresses herself best – and says hopes to follow in the Hadid sisters' footsteps and take to the catwalk as a Victoria's Secret Angel one day

Phillips thinks his daughter is smart enough to navigate industry pitfalls such as wild parties, predatory men and rejection and come through unscathed.Pictured: The actor with Gracie (center) with her sisters in 2004

She also joined her father in front of the camera early on, starring in a Hallmark film directed by the 56-year-old in which she played a cholera victim – an 'odd, odd experience' according to Phillips.

But despite her acting pedigree and desire to try it again one day, Gracie says modeling is where she expresses herself best – and says hopes to follow in the Hadid sisters' footsteps and take to the catwalk as a Victoria's Secret Angel one day.

'Ever since I was a little girl, when the show comes on, I put on the wings, put on a pair of high heels, a sparkly bra and underwear and pretend,' Gracie said.

'One day, if I'm not watching it from my TV, it'll be because I'm doing it, carrying on my tradition for real – that's my hope, my biggest dream.'

For now, she 'has several jobs booked' but hopes to walk in New York Fashion Week and elsewhere for luxury brands such as Chanel, Versace and Alexander Wang this year.

Standing right behind Gracie is her father, currently busy with pilot season, who says he thinks his daughter is smart enough to navigate industry pitfalls such as wild parties, predatory men and rejection and come through unscathed.

'It's incredibly frightening and not only have I seen [predatory behavior] and I know people like this, if not some of the people involved,' he told DailyMail.com.

'It's out there and the fact that Grace and I have always been able to have candid conversations, not only about this but about drugs and all kinds of other stuff.

'I know she is armed when it comes to dealing with these things.

Gracie once joined her father in front of the camera, starring in a Hallmark film directed by the 56-year-old in which she played a cholera victim – an 'odd, odd experience' according to Phillips. Gracie said she has the desire to try acting again one day

For now, she 'has several jobs booked' but hopes to walk in New York Fashion Week and elsewhere for luxury brands such as Chanel, Versace and Alexander Wang this year

He continued: 'It doesn't mean it's going to be any less painful and any less uncomfortable dealing with these situations but I know this sort of thing is out in the open now – she's going to benefit from that and will not allow herself to be shamed into anything.'

One thing he would like to do is work with Gracie on camera again, and says she could make a career in acting if she chose to.

The Night Stalker star added: 'I think she's slowly claiming her own territory. She's as beautiful as the girl next door but I think she's got this edginess to her.

'It's exciting to think that certain photographers are going to find her and help her establish her own persona out there.'

Gracie, meanwhile, is hoping that people will react positively to the revelation she has a famous father and respect her for trying to make it on her own.

'What I hope is going to happen is obviously I'd like to say I'll get some bigger jobs and bigger things will happen,' she said of opening up about her famous dad.

'That's my hope. But also I feel like it is a positive that I didn't go into it that way at first.

'So I'm hoping the reaction is more, wow she decided to do this on her own before and that's really admirable. I'm hoping it's not something that's taken negatively.'