RHONJ star Danielle Staub backpedals on Dolores Catania fallout She has had to endure her fair share of fiery confrontations, no more so than with co-star Dolores Catania, who accused her of drug use on the reunion episode.

And now Danielle Staub, 55, who vehemently denied Dolores claims and has insisted that she was 'done' with her, said that she wouldn't rule out a reunion between she and Dolores.

Speaking exclusively to MailOnline, the reality star initially hit back at her fellow Real Housewives of New Jersey co-star, admitting that her meddling only brought her and former foe Teresa Giudice closer together.

Forgiveness? Danielle Staub, 55, who vehemently denied Dolores claims on the reunion show and insisted that she was 'done' with her, said that she wouldn't rule out a reunion between she and Dolores (Pictured alongside co-star Margaret Josephs)

Looking back on season eight, Danielle admitted that Delores' injections only made her relationship stronger with Teresa and her sister-in-law Melissa Gorga.

'Me and Teresa have a 12 year history which people don't understand until you say it,' she explained. 'Then people go, "You've been around a while" so we took a break but a real relationship lasts, it's like the cream, it rises to the top.'

'You're always going to know who's real and who's not in your life and in these situations and the dynamic of these ladies.

Adding: 'Melissa I feel always saw me for who I am and Teresa beginning to have one of her trusted friends throw a wrench into that which doesn't work. It was probably what pushed us even closer.'

'It's like when you tell your children, "You can't see that boy, I don't like that boy, I don't like this and I don't like that". What are they going to do? They're going to rebel and spent a lot more time with that person.'

Hitting back: Speaking exclusively to MailOnline, the reality star initially hit back at her fellow Real Housewives of New Jersey co-star, admitting that her meddling only brought her and former foe Teresa Giudice closer together

Reflecting on Dolores' furious claims and comments, the glamorous star insisted that the 47-year-old was 'jealous' of her. The raven-haired beauty added that Dolores' accusations say more about her then they do about Danielle.

'When people speak about people the way she spoke about me I just fold my arms and sit back and say that says more about you then it does me,' she shared. 'When you stop talking about me, just let me know.

'I don't believe anything that comes out of her mouth, I don't think she feels that way about me, I think she showed me exactly who she is and all her insecurities. I don't have any of those issues.'

Despite the explosive fallout, Danielle insisted that she wouldn't rule out patching things up with Dolores and admitted that the door has been left open for a reconciliation.

'Jealous': Reflecting on Dolores' furious claims and comments, the glamorous star insisted that the 47-year-old was 'jealous' of her and Dolores' accusations say more about her then they do about Danielle (Pictured L-R: Dolores, Melissa Gorga, Danielle, Teresa Giudice and Margaret Joesphs)

Open: Despite the explosive fallout, Danielle insisted that she wouldn't rule out patching things up with Dolores and admitted that the door has been left open for a reconciliation

'I always leave my options open, I don't like to hold grudges because seriously they worthless and useless,' she insisted. 'That's why I talk about things immediately and people sometimes have a problem with that.'

'I'll keep that option open, we've got a lot in common because we do have Melissa and Teresa in common.

'And they both love both of us, so there must be something in there good for me as well that I could adhere to and understand and be part of. I think the same would be applied to her. We'll keep that option open.'

Drama aside, Danielle is currently focusing on her upcoming nuptials to fiancé Marty Caffrey, who she has been dating since 2016, and gushed about their relationship, admitting she never believed she could fall in love at this stage of her life.

To the future: Drama aside, Danielle is currently focusing on her upcoming nuptials to fiancé Marty Caffrey, who she has been dating since 2016, and gushed about their relationship, admitting she never believed she could fall in love at this stage of her life

She began: 'I mean with any engagement there's planning of weddings, nuptials and ceremonies and collisions of families and personalities so all that wonderful stuff is really happening.

'And then there's the moments where we disappear and go nowhere, it's just the two of us together. He's 65-years-old and I'm 55-years-old so we have collectively been on a journey prior to meeting one another.

Adding: 'So there's a lot of things to pull together for this relationship but with anything else, is it worth it? Of course, anything that's worth it is work. You have to work at it.

'At the end of the day we always remember what's most important is that we love each other and we found each other and we hold onto that. We're very lucky to have found that with one another at this stage of our lives.

Proud: Danielle is the proud mother to daughters Christine and Jillian

Happening: She began: 'I mean with any engagement there's planning of weddings, nuptials and ceremonies and collisions of families and personalities so all that wonderful stuff is really happening'

Continuing: 'Me personally I'm very lucky because who wants to be involved in this life?'

And while she wouldn't give anything away, Danielle, who is famously rumoured to have been engaged 19 times, hinted that fans of RHONJ fans might get a glimpse of her impending nuptials on the show.

She said: 'That I can't say but I can say keep watching because what you'll see everything unfold the way its supposed to be.

'I will keep everything very real and make sure that my viewers and everyone involved gets some Danielle in their life.'