These Are All the New Real Housewives We Met in 2018 We said hello to some fierce females this year.

These Are All the New Real Housewives We Met in 2018

As we approach the end of 2018 and the beginning of 2019, it's always good to remember and reflect on all of the new friends you met along the way. And over here at The Daily Dish, that means looking back on all of the Real Housewives we've had the pleasure of meeting and getting to know this year.

How to Watch The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Season 15 airs on Thursdays at 8/7c on Bravo and streams next day on on Peacock. Stream on

Since March 21, 2006 when The Real Housewives of Orange County originally premiered, more than 100 women have been given the prestigious title of Real Housewife. In 2018 alone, we met nine new Housewives, with five out of the seven franchises welcoming new additions this year.

Look back on all of the lovely ladies we met this year, and we guarantee you'll fall in love with them all over again.

Teddi Mellencamp Arroyave

What Does John Mellencamp Think of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills?

So technically we met Teddi Mellencamp Arroyave at the end of 2017 upon the Season 8 premiere of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, and we're admitting that because we know the accountability coach would call us out on it if we didn't. But we just couldn't resist including the mom of two.

Candiace Dillard

Check In With Candiace Dillard Moments Before She Walks Down the Aisle

This year brought a whole lot of new to Candiace Dillard's life. Not only did she become the newest member of The Real Housewives of Potomac in Season 3, but she also wed fiancé Chris Bassett in a grand ceremony in Washington, D.C. on August 11. We can't wait to see what 2019 brings for Candiace!

Denise Richards

Denise Richards Is Married!

Season 9 of RHOBH may still be on its way, but it was confirmed back in August that Denise Richards would be joining the 90210 squad in the new season. “I am so excited to join the cast of [RHOBH] as I am a huge fan of the show," Denise told PEOPLE at the time of her announcement. “I am looking forward to spending time with all the ladies… and hopefully meeting Boy George!!”

We're looking forward to spending time with you too, Denise!

Emily Simpson

Tamra Judge and Emily Simpson Haven't Always Been Friends

Emily Simpson certainly made a splash in her inaugural season of RHOC in Season 13, finding herself at odds with the likes of Shannon Beador and Kelly Dodd. However, Emily's husband, Shane Simpson, also memorably found himself in some major Real Housewives drama at Eddie Judge's birthday party. He's also been a bit of a buzzy figure among RHOC fans. But overall, Emily's RHOC debut has been an inspiring one as she opened up about painful parts of her past and promoted body positivity.

Gina Kirschenheiter

Did Emily Simpson and Gina Kirschenheiter Watch RHOC Before Coming On?

Some women come into The Real Housewives a little more on the timid side in their first season. Gina Kirschenheiter is not one of those women. The Long Island native wasn't afraid to speak her mind when she joined RHOC in Season 13, whether it was standing up to Vicki Gunvalson or getting involved in Shannon and Tamra Judge's friendship drama. Gina was open with her personal life this season of RHOC, sharing her decision to divorce her husband, Matt Kirschenheiter, and what the future holds for her family.

Related

Eva Marcille

Did Eva Marcille Just Throw Some Shade at Cynthia Bailey's Modeling Skills?

Eva Marcille is no stranger to TV. She first burst onto the scene as the winner of Cycle 3 of America's Next Top Model in 2004. And we actually first got to know her in Season 10 of The Real Housewives of Atlanta. However, Eva became a full-fledged Housewife this season of RHOA, and she just continues to bring the fierceness.

Shamari DeVoe

Shamari DeVoe Reveals She's Been in an Open Relationship

Shamari DeVoe is no stranger to the spotlight. The RHOA newcomer, who joined the crew in Season 11, was one-third of the R&B-pop trio Blaque. She's also the wife of music legend Ronnie DeVoe. But as we all know, nothing can prepare you for hanging out with the RHOA squad. Shamari seems to be holding her own so far in Season 11, and we're expecting big things from this newbie.

Jackie Goldschneider

5 Things You Need to Know About Jackie Goldschneider

Things are heating up in Season 9 of The Real Housewives of New Jersey, and that's partly due to Jackie Goldschneider, who has found herself in a bit of a beef with Garden State OG Teresa Giudice. From what we've seen so far, we honestly wouldn't want to cross either of these strong women.

Jennifer Aydin

5 Things You Need to Know About Jennifer Aydin

One of the best parts of meeting a new Housewife is getting a magnificent new mansion to ogle, and Jennifer Aydin's Paramus palace did not disappoint. We've already seen that Jennifer can bring the fun and handle the drama, too. It's a win-win-win!