Coachella 2018 lineup: Beyoncé, Eminem and The Weeknd headline Bruce Fessier

The Desert Sun

Jan. 2, 2018 Updated Jan. 3, 2018, 4:08 p.m. ET

Beyoncé, The Weeknd and Eminem will headline the 2018 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, the Goldenvoice promoters have announced — ending a 14-month guessing game about who would join Beyoncé as the top acts at the two-weekend event April 13-15 and April 20-22 at the Empire Polo Field in Indio, Calif.

It comes as little surprise. Earlier it was reported by Consequence of Sound that Eminem and The Weeknd would be joining Beyoncé for this year's festival, but requests for confirmation of the new headliners were not returned from producers.

Beyoncé, who has made guest appearances at Coachella with husband Jay-Z and her sister, Solange, was supposed to headline at last year's music festival, but had to postpone after becoming pregnant with twins.

Passes go on sale at noon PT Friday at coachella.com. General admission passes are $429, including fees and taxes, while the Festival Pass and Shuttle Combo is $504. VIP Festival Passes are $999 and VIP parking is $150.

Additional general admission passes traditionally go on sale for Coachella Valley residents a few days before each show, but that hasn't been announced.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

The new emphasis on hip-hop and R&B, which have supplanted rock as the most popular pop music forms, includes rappers like Tyler the Creator, Vince Staples, Migos, Post Malone and new sensation, Cardi B, who currently has her first three releases in the top 10 of the Billboard charts, becoming only the third artist to debut with three singles in the top 10 along with The Beatles and Ashanti.

Eminem, one of the biggest Grammy Award-winning rap artists of all time, returns to Coachella on a Sunday night after making a guest appearance with Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg in 2012 in the now legendary set featuring a hologram of Tupac Shakur.

Appearing on the same day as Eminem is the saxophone player who made a name for himself with Kendrick Lamar, the jazz-steeped Kamasi Washington.

Top R&B artists on the bill besides Beyoncé and The Weeknd include SZA, who recently headlined Saturday Night Live, Grammy winner Miguel and Daniel Caesar, who is breaking this year out of Canada. Appearing as somewhat of a godfather of that genre is Chic, featuring the influential Nile Rodgers, which had R&B dance hits such as Everybody Dance and Le Freak in the 1970s.

Various genres of rock are represented by the return of War On Drugs, the sister group HAIM, the Brian Wilson-influenced Fleet Foxes and Portugal. the Man. All have played previous Coachellas, although Portugal. the Man finally broke into the pop upper echelons this year with its mega-hit Feel It Still.

The godfather of that genre making an appearanceis David Byrne, the leader of the new wave band the Talking Heads, who have been high on the wish list for a Coachella reunion since the festival's inception in 1999.

Electronic music also has been drawn bigger crowds at Coachella in recent years than rock and its mix with pop music well represented with Kygo, Chromeo and ODESZA.

Other noteworthy artists of that genre include Petit Biscuit, a French DJ and music producer who turned 18 less than two months ago. He is half of the indie-pop duo Mount Dreams, but released his first solo album, Presence, in 2017. He'll perform on Sunday, as will British house DJ and music producer Hannah Wants, a former professional women's soccer player.

The lineup appears to have been booked with a sensitivity to increasing female participation and ethnic diversity. An interesting booking is Los Angeles Azules, a Mexican group fusing traditional cumbia and electronic music.

The festival has become known in the industry for its leadership in fine art and cuisine, and this year will again offer the four-course Outstanding in the Field dinner in the VIP Rose Garden for $225 a person.

Coachella has dominated industry polls as the top outdoor music event since it began in 1999. It was recently named the Billboard Top Festival of the Year. It grossed a record $114 million in 2017, marking the first time a recurring festival franchise has crossed the $100 million mark at the box office.

The full list of the Coachella 2018 lineup as announced today includes:

6LACK

A Perfect Circle

AC Slater

Alan Walker

Alina Baraz

Alison Wonderland

alt-J

Alvvays

Aminé

Angel Olsen

AURORA

Avalon Emerson

B Boys

Bane’s World

Barclay Crenshaw

Bedouin

Belly

Benjamin Booker

Benjamin Clementine

Beyoncé

Big Thief

Black Coffee

blackbear

Bleachers

Boogarins

BØRNS

BROCKHAMPTON

Buscabulla

Busy P

Cardi B

Carpenter Brut

Cash Cash

Cherry Glazerr

Chic ft. Nile Rodgers

Chloe x Halle

Chris Liebing

Chromeo

Cuco

Daniel Caesar

David Byrne

Declan McKenna

DeJ Loaf

Deorro

Detroit Love (Carl Craig, Kyle Hall, Moodymann)

Django Django

Dreams

Ekali

Elohim

Eminem

Fazerdaze

FIDLAR

First Aid Kit

Flatbush Zombies

Fleet Foxes

French Montana

Giraffage

Greta Van Fleet

HAIM

Hannah Wants

Hayley Kiyoko

Helado Negro

Highly Suspect

HITO

Hundred Waters

Ibeyi

Illenium

Jackmaster

Jacob Banks

Jamie Jones

Jamiroquai

Japanese Breakfast

Jason Bentley

Jean-Michel Jarre

Jessie Ware

Jidenna

John Maus

Jorja Smith

Joseph Capriati

Jungle

Justin Martin

Kali Uchis

Kamaiyah

Kamasi Washington

Kelela

King Krule

KITTENS

Knox Fortune

Kölsch

Kygo

LANY

LÉON

LION BABE

Los Ángeles Azules

Louis the Child

LP

Maceo Plex

MAGIC GIANT

Marian Hill

MHD

Michael Mayer

Migos

Miguel

Mild High Club

MØ

Moon Boots

Moses Sumney

Motor City Drum Ensemble

Noname

Nothing But Thieves

ODESZA

Oh Sees

Omar-S

Otoboke Beaver

Pachanga Boys

Party Favor

Peggy Gou

Perfume Genius

Petit Biscuit

Portugal. The Man

Post Malone

Priests

Princess Nokia

PVRIS

REZZ

Rolling Blackouts Coastal Fever

Ron Gallo

Russ

San Holo

Señor Kino

Sigrid

Sir Sly

Skip Marley

Slow Magic

Snail Mail

Snakehips

Soulwax

St. Vincent

Sudan Archives

SuperDuperKyle

SZA

Talaboman

Tank and the Bangas

Tash Sultana

The Black Madonna

The Blaze

The Bronx

The Buttertones

The Delirians

The Drums

The Marías

The Neighbourhood

The Regrettes

The War on Drugs

The Weeknd

THEY.

Tom Misch

TroyBoi

Tyler, the Creator

Vance Joy

Vince Staples

Westside Gunn + Conway

Whethan

Wizkid

X Japan

Yaeji