Michelle Williams: Destiny's Child star 'proudly' seeking help for mental health issues Your support helps us to tell the story Read more Support Now From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging. At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story. The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it. Your support makes all the difference. Read more

Michelle Williams says she is seeking help for mental health issues after previously talking about suffering from depression.

The former Destiny's Child star wrote in an Instagram post that, as a mental health awareness advocate, she "listened to the same advice" that she has given others.

Her post was praised for its honesty and she has since received support from the likes of original Destiny's Child member LaTavia Roberson and Missy Elliot.

"For years I have dedicated myself to increasing awareness of mental health and empowering people to recognise when it's time to seek help, support and guidance from those that love and care for your wellbeing," she wrote.

"I recently listened to the same advice I have given thousands around the world and sought help from a great team of healthcare professionals. Today I proudly, happily and healthily stand here as someone who will continue to always lead by example as I tirelessly advocate for the betterment of those in need."

She concluded: "If you change your mind, you can change your life."

In an interview in October last year, Williams spoke about her experience of suffering from depression while she was in Destiny's Child.

"For years, I'm in one of the top-selling female groups of all time suffering with depression," she said. "I was at that place where it got so dark and heavy because sometimes you feel like 'I'm the provider, I take care of people, I'm not supposed to be feeling this way - what do I do? I wanted out."

Responding to Williams' Instagram post, Missy Elliot wrote on Twitter: "I want to lift our sis up in prayer because there are so many people battling this and many trying to deal with it alone... Let's keep the ones who are openly dealing with it uplifted & be encouraging to them! Love u @RealMichelW."

Enjoy unlimited access to 100 million ad-free songs and podcasts with Amazon Music Sign up now for a 30-day free trial. Terms apply. Try for free ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.

Enjoy unlimited access to 100 million ad-free songs and podcasts with Amazon Music Sign up now for a 30-day free trial. Terms apply. Try for free ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.

LaTavia Roberson, who was in Destiny's Child before Williams, called her a "class act". "Depression is real especially in our community," she wrote. "This is why I believe in live out loud and in colour. Keep shining Love ya sis. You're not in this alone!"

For confidential support on issues involving mental health and depression, you can call Samaritans on 116 123 or visit mind.org.uk