Katy Perry takes 26 pills a day, believes in aliens and has OCD Revealed: Katy Perry says she takes 26 pills a day, travels with a teddy bear, believes in aliens and has OCD

Katy Perry clearly doesn't like keeping her quirks close to her vest.

In a new interview with UsWeekly , the Prism singer doles out some eye-opening facts in the magazine's 25 Things You Don't Know About Me column.

Among the humdingers: she believes in aliens, takes 26 pills a day and has OCD. And, endearingly, she admits she always travels with her teddy bear.

Scroll down for video



Cute and quirky: In a new interview with UsWeekly, Katy Perry - seen here on Sunday - reveals all kinds of things, like that she believes in aliens and has a ticket to outer space

KATY PERRY'S TOP 10 REVEALS

1. has a ticket to outer space 2. her natural hair color is 'squirrel brown' 3. she's never had any plastic surgery 4. takes 26 pills a day 5. has OCD 6. will be an aunt soon 7. believes in aliens 8. brushes her teeth up to six times a day 9. travels with her teddy bear 10. friends think she's a hoarder



The Grammy favorite explains of her condition, 'I'm so OCD that I wish the letters OCD were in alphabetical order: CDO.'

This may have to do with why the 28-year-old brushes her teeth 'four to six times a day,' which is another reveal to the weekly.



As far as her fascination with material items, she has this to say: 'Everyone in my life seems to think I'm a hoarder, but if you ask me, I'm a collector!'

The pills have a reason too. 'I'm all about vitamins and supplements.'

The girlfriend of John Mayer lets it slip that she is soon to became an aunt. She doesn't say if the parent will be her younger brother David Hudson or her older sister Angela. (Katy was born Katheryn Hudson.)



She also points out that she's never had any plastic surgery - this comes after internet speculation that those generous ta-tas are not hers.

The down-to-earth beauty also has a fascination with things out there: she says she believes in aliens and has a ticket to outer space.

Getting the message out: The singer opened up to the weekly to promote her album Prism, which was released on Friday

She didn't talk about John Mayer but...: She did reveal her favourite designer was Chanel

She keeps her mind clear with transcendental meditation but has bad habits too.

'My comfort food is chicken nuggets, but only the boot-shaped ones,' she reveals. She also confesses, 'My favourite ice cream is Cold Stone Creamery's Birthday Cake Remix.'



As far as fashion, 'My top label is Chanel.'

She discusses her past too, saying, 'At age 13, I was in a car wreck that left me crawling out of a broken window.'

Another tidbit: 'The first solo I ever performed in public was Edelweiss from The Sound Of Music.'



And she lets on that her natural hair colour is 'squirrel brown.'

She also has travel on her mind.

'One of my goals on the next tour is to make a pit stop at Dollywood in Tennessee,' she admits and also says her bucket lists includes 'climbing Machu Picchu.'

The Santa Barbara native reveals that she made more than half of her new album - Prism, which was released Friday - in her hometown's luxurious resort San Ysidro Ranch, where John F. Kennedy honeymooned with Jakie, and where Hilary Duff wed Mike Comrie. 'It's the best hotel on the planet,' she insists.

There is not one mention of boyfriend John, who she recently called a 'genius,' or her ex-husband Russell Brand.