Matt Czuchry on His 'Gilmore Girls' Return and Why He Never Watched 'The Good Wife' Finale When Matt Czuchry signed on for The Good Wife pilot in 2009, his biggest TV role to date was his breakout role of Logan Huntzberger on Gilmore Girls. So it was a particularly strange turn of events that Czuchry’s first post-Good Wife role would be… Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life, Netflix’s forthcoming four-part revival.

“The universe is a crazy thing,” Czuchry tells The Hollywood Reporter. “In terms of that timing of putting one character down and picking another up, it couldn’t be more special. I love the character of Logan, I love the character of Cary so to bridge that gap between them both was incredibly unique and couldn’t have been more perfect timing.”

Czuchry reprises his role as Logan, Rory’s college boyfriend, in the limited series, which hits Netflix on Friday. Like the long-lasting legacy of Gilmore Girls, The Good Wife has continued to endure despite going off the air in May after seven seasons.

Czuchry’s co-stars on the legal drama, Christine Baranski and Cush Jumbo, will reprise their roles as Diane Lockhart and Lucca Quinn, respectively, for a spinoff titled The Good Fight. Like the flagship drama, The Good Fight hails from co-creators and showrunners Robert and Michelle King and will be produced by CBS Studios. Unlike The Good Wife, The Good Fight will air on CBS All Access, with the exception of the first episode, which will premiere on CBS.

In addition to Baranski and Jumbo, Sarah Steele and Gary Cole will reprise their roles from the original series. However, it sounds unlikely Czuchry will follow suit. “No, there hasn’t been any talks on either side about that,” he says about a possible appearance.

Cary Agos might be a harder piece to fit back into the puzzle, given how things ended for him. Having grown hardened and bitter from years of infighting at the firm, Cary quit Lockhart, Agos and Lee in the fourth-to-last episode. In the finale, he appeared in a brief scene with Alicia (Julianna Margulies) and Jason (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) that showed he had segued into teaching law rather than practicing it.

“I felt like the closure was actually the episode where he quit the firm and left,” Czuchry says. “So for me, that was his last episode.”

When asked about his thoughts on the finale, and particularly that now famous slap between Diane and Alicia, Czuchry is mum – but with good reason.

“I never saw the last episode,” he says. “Of course I read it, but that was an episode where it was all about, for me personally, being with the crew and the cast and saying goodbye. So I had watched all the episodes up until that point for research; that one I wanted to leave as just something special on set.”

It sounds like Czuchry has no intention of changing that anytime soon, saying, “I have no plans to watch it.”

In contrast, it sounds like he will be tuning in for The Good Fight when it premieres in February. “I’ve emailed with Christine and Cush, and I’m excited for them,” he says. “They’re both great, so I’m excited for both of them and want to see what it’s going to be like.”

Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life premieres Nov. 25 on Netflix.