Real Housewives of New York Star Sonja Morgan Reveals Which Co-Star She'd Give Coal to This Christmas When you think Real Housewives of New York City, you think Sonja Morgan. And after you think Sonja, you probably picture her, glass of wine in hand, the life of the party.

That was exactly the setting in which I met her at the opening of the new TMPL gym location. Morgan, dressed in head-to-toe sequins, was the center of attention, people hanging on her every word. Luckily, I was able to steal her away for a few minutes to talk her holiday favorites, the new season of RHONY, and which co-star would get coal from her this year.

Finish this sentence for us: For Sonja, it’s not the holidays without…

Without real cranberry sauce. Right? And also Sonja Morgan designs!

Are you excited for your fashion line in 2019?

Oh, great stuff for the fashion line—I’m teaming up with Susanne Bartsch because I love her and her dedication to supporting AIDS research, which I also have been an advocate for. And for the show, season ten is amazing. [At this point, Morgan steps away from the interview for a few seconds to tell a drag queen walking by that she looks great, and that she is a Sagittarius, which felt like the most Sonja Morgan moment ever.]



Are you still vegan?

Last year, season nine, I was trying to be vegan and people said no you’re vegetarian darling 'cause you wear leather and I was crushed. I was eating oysters and I thought those were vegan cause they were raw—no, no, no. I learned a lot—so I'm vegetarian but once in a while I’ll have a hamburger or hot dog. Everything in moderation!

You’ve been very philanthropic throughout past seasons. What inspired you to be involved with the toy drive this year?

It’s such a great cause! I brought three bags of toys: eight barbies, three footballs, three magic eight balls.

Since we’re at the David Barton and Susanne Bartsch’s Toy Drive, was there a toy you got as a kid that was your favorite?

You could never have enough stuffed animals!

If you had to give one of your co-stars coal for Christmas, which one would it be?

Oh I’d love to do that to Ramona because I love her and she’d get such a kick out of it.

What is the best thing you learned about yourself from filming?

Well every year I learn to not take myself seriously and that you have to laugh at yourself.

Related Story A Real Housewives of NYC Social Clout Ranking

Related Story The Forgotten Real Housewives of New York