Vanessa Grimaldi Breaks Silence After Nick Viall Split Taking time to heal. Vanessa Grimaldi broke her silence after announcing her split from Nick Viall on Friday, August 25.

It’s okay to feel broken. It’s okay to cry. It’s okay to lean on a friend. In the end, it will always be okay. A post shared by VanessaGrimaldi (@vanessagrimaldi30) on Aug 28, 2017 at 1:23pm PDT

Related: How Long Did Other Bachelor Nation Couples Last After the Finale? As Bachelor Nick Viall makes his choice between Raven Gates and Vanessa Grimaldi on the season 21 finale, look back at how long other 'Bachelor' and 'Bachelorette' couples stayed together

The Montreal-based special education teacher shared a photo of herself leaning on a friend’s shoulder at the park while looking out at a lake. “It’s okay to feel broken,” she wrote on Monday, August 28. “It’s okay to cry. It’s okay to lean on a friend. In the end, it will always be okay.”

Related: Celebrity Splits of 2017 From Kylie Jenner and Tyga to Janet Jackson and Wissam Al Mana, take a look back at the biggest and most shocking celebrity splits of 2017 — see the photos

Grimaldi and Viall, 36, who got engaged on the season 21 finale of The Bachelor that aired in March, revealed they called it quits in a statement to Us Weekly. “It’s with a great amount of heartbreak for the both us as we have decided to end our engagement,” they told Us in a joint statement. “We gave this relationship our all and we are saddened that we did not get the fairy-tale ending we hoped for. We will continue to be there for each other no matter what. This hasn’t been an easy decision, however, as we part ways, we do so with lots of love and admiration for each other.”

After the final rose, the couple relocated to Los Angeles and tried to make their relationship work. “Vanessa and I have always been transparent about the realities of our relationship,” Viall told Us in April. “There are so many amazing things that we have in our relationship, but there are also things that we continue to work towards.”

Related: The Bachelor After the Final Rose: Broken Engagements, Weddings, Babies, and More! Was it true love for these Bachelors after the final rose? Or was it an emotional roller coaster that eventually plummeted into splitsville? Find out what happened -- after the final rose -- between former Bachelors like Alex Michael, Jesse Palmer, Andrew Firestone, and Juan Pablo Galavis, and their final picks!

A source previously told Us that they were fighting a lot because they’re both headstrong. “Vanessa is no pushover. She’s not going to just do whatever he wants,” the insider said. “He’s attracted to that, but it makes their relationship volatile.”

Viall previously looked for love on Andi Dorfman’s season 10 of The Bachelorette, Kaitlyn Bristowe’s season 11 of The Bachelorette and Bachelor in Paradise season 3.