Kate Winslet revealed she was bullied at school She's previously spoken about people telling her to 'settle' for fat girl parts while starting out in the business.

And Kate Winslet expanded on overcoming her battle with her body during an inspirational speech at WE Day UK celebrations at London's Wembley Arena on Wednesday.

The hugely successful actress, 41, revealed that despite being 'bullied at school' for her appearance, where she was regularly called 'Blubber', she never gave up on her dreams - ultimately allowing her to be cast in the iconic role of Rose in Titanic.

Scroll down for video

Spreading the love: Kate Winslet, 41, spoke about overcoming her battle with her body during an inspirational speech at WE Day UK celebrations at London's Wembley Arena on Wednesday

Kate looked in high spirits as she got the crowd going with her impassioned speech while donning a WE day UK shirt and spectacles

'You see, I had been bullied at school. They called me Blubber. Teased me for wanting to act. Locked me in the cupboard. Laughed at me. I wasn't the prettiest, I had big feet.

'And I was even told that I, "might be lucky with my acting, if I was happy to settle for the fat girl parts”. You’re just not really what we're looking for Kate.'

She admitted that she wallowed in self-pity, thinking she 'wasn't good enough' and 'didn't have the perfect body' because she didn't 'fit into someone else's idea of perfect'.

Life history: The hugely successful actress revealed that despite being 'bullied at school' for her appearance, where she was regularly called 'Blubber', she never gave up on her dreams

Casual: Kate looked in high spirits as she got the crowd going with her inspiring speech while donning a WE day UK shirt and spectacles

Horrible experience: She revealed, 'you see, I had been bullied at school. They called me Blubber. Teased me for wanting to act. Locked me in the cupboard'

But ultimately she prevailed: 'I didn't lock myself away and give up on my dream. I fought back. I had to ignore the negative comments. I HAD to believe in myself, I had to choose to rise above it all and I had to work hard.

'You have to be indestructible to do what you love, and BELIEVE that you are worth it. And sometimes that's the hardest part.'

After starting in the acting business in 1991, Kate went on to land the highly coveted role of Rose in the 1997 classic Titanic, alongside Leonardo DiCaprio.

Speaking of the moment, she revealed: 'And then one day, I was cast as Rose in Titanic. The most unlikely candidate, Kate from the sandwich shop in Reading. Suddenly acting in one of the biggest movies ever made?.'

'You're just not what we're looking for': Kate also revealed that she was told to settle for 'fat girl parts'

Near to defeat: She admitted that she wallowed in self-pity, thinking she 'wasn't good enough' and 'didn't have the perfect body'

Left insecure: She was left devastated after not 'fitting into someone else's idea of perfect'

Storming the stage: Kate was in her element as she got the crowd going

Culminating her inspiring message, Kate relayed: 'You can be from anywhere, and you CAN do anything. Believe it. I learned to embrace my flaws, to make no apology for who I am.'

Kate also urged children to ‘put down your phones’, as she lamented the unattainable aspirations that social media gives teenagers.

The Oscar-winning actress – who does not have social media and does not allow her children to either – warned that networking sites distract people from being their ‘true selves’.

She told the audience of young people to find alternative ways of engaging with family and friends, and recommended a return to ‘basic conversation’ and ‘hugging’.

Natural look: The star sported black rimmed glasses and natural make-up

Ultimately she prevailed: 'I didn't lock myself away and give up on my dream. I fought back. I had to ignore the negative comments. I HAD to believe in myself, I had to choose to rise above it all and I had to work hard

‘Put down your phone. Today, social media robs so many of us of just basic conversation,’ she said.

Referencing the three most popular social media websites - Instagram, Twitter and Facebook – she added: ‘We are constantly distracted from being our true selves in a world that is fuelled by inst-tweet-bookface, as I like to call it.’

Whilst she acknowledged that being a teenager is becoming ‘harder than ever’, the mother-of-three encouraged the 12,000 school pupils to avoid trying to conform to ‘someone else’s idea of ‘perfect’’.

She said: ‘Perhaps for some of you, the persona you have created online, is your version of perfect, and maybe that’s hard to step away from. Society is changing so fast.

Culminating her inspiring message, Kate relayed: 'You can be from anywhere, and you CAN do anything. Believe it. I learned to embrace my flaws, to make no apology for who I am'

'Kate from the sandwich shop in Reading made it!': Kate went on to land the highly coveted role of Rose in the 1997 classic Titanic, alongside Leonardo DiCaprio

‘What we value is changing so fast. It’s not easy being a teenager, and it’s becoming harder than ever. In a world of peer pressure and such awful things as cyberbullying and exposure to unattainable aspirations.

‘Let’s think about how else to share. Share a real chat with the person sitting next to you, share stories, share being in this moment. By talking. Or with a hug.'

Meanwhile, Tallia Storm also ensured all eyes were well and truly on her as she took to the stage at the WE Day UK celebrations.

The pop princess, 18, dressed to impress as she strutted her stuff on the stage, rocking a vibrant purple star-studded sequin minidress with a plunging neckline.

Working it: Meanwhile, Tallia Storm ensured all eyes were well and truly on her as she took to the stage at the WE Day UK celebrations

Dressed to impress: The pop princess, 18, dressed to impress as she strutted her stuff on the stage, rocking a vibrant purple star-studded sequin minidress with a plunging neckline

Sparkling up a storm for her energetic performance, the singer teamed her tiny dress with glittery purple socks and violet satin platform heels to add height to her frame.

Tallia kept cosy in a bright fluorescent pink furry coat to keep the spring chill at bay at the charity event.

The Scottish beauty wore her golden locks teased into lightly-tousled waves as she worked her magic in front of the cameras.

Tallia completed her look with heavy make-up to accentuated her youthful features.

Glittering: Sparkling up a storm for her energetic performance, the singer teamed her tiny dress with glittery purple socks and violet satin platform heels to add height to her frame

Furry nice: Tallia kept cosy in a bright fluorescent pink furry coat to keep the spring chill at bay at the charity event

Joining forces: Kate posed behind the scenes with singer Tallia

Fab in fur: The Scottish starlet was dressed to impress in her snug jacket

The young starlet had the time of her life as she played to a eager crowd of 12,000 young people.

Proving one outfit simply isn't enough, Tallia later changed into a second vibrant number.

In an equally daring outfit, Tallia stepped out in a black playsuit embellished with sparkly beaded patterns.

The out-there ensemble certainly caught the attention of the crowds with its intricate patterns including a pair of eyes, metallic chain and heart.

Blonde ambition: The Scottish beauty wore her golden locks teased into lightly-tousled waves as she worked her magic in front of the cameras

Pretty as a picture: Tallia completed her look with heavy make-up to accentuated her youthful features

She dressed down the glittery playsuit with a pair of comfy white trainers.

Tallia took centre stage at the WE Day UK event, where saw her perform live and give talks to inspire young people to make positive changes within their community.

Other high-profile names at the event included singers Jessie J and Fleur East and band The Vamps.

Daring: Tallia later stepped out in a black playsuit with patterns of a pair of eyes, metallic chains, footprints and hearts

Selfies! The people pleaser took photographs with fans in the crowd after performing on stage

Nerve-wracking: The young starlet had the time of her life as she played to a eager crowd of 12,000 young people

Live performance: Tallia stepped out on stage with singer Bluey Robinson and hosts Becca Dudley and Yasmin Evans

Tallia was joined on stage by singer Bluey Robinson, as well as hosts Becca Dudley and Yasmin Evans.

Before the soul singer took to the stage, the blonde bombshell proved to be a real people pleaser as she signed autographs for the young fans.

Yasmin went for an equally daring look as she worked her magic on stage with Tallia.

In contrast to the pop star, the TV and radio personality pulled off a bold choice of attire with embroidered birds on her mustard ensemble.

On-trend: Hosts Yasmin Evans (L) and Becca Dudley (R) chose to wear playsuits to the event

The presenter sported a yellow pinstriped one piece playsuit and opted for open toe sandals.

Opting for a trendy one piece look, MTV presenter Becca sported a white and black playsuit.

The daring plunging back showed off the TV personality's strappy black bra and intricate tattoo just below her neck.

Taming her golden curls in a high bun, Becca completed the bold look with high black boots which added height to her appearance.

Classy: Fleur East pulled out all the stops with her dramatic look, wearing a white dress with red lipstick and matching killer heels

Pretty in pink: The former X Factor act couldn't be tamed as she took to the stage in a raunchy pink assemble later in the day

Singer Fleur East opted for a wild look as she wore her beautiful tresses in a natural curly style.

The X Factor star went for a dramatic look, contrasting her white dress with red lipstick and matching killer heels.

The songwriter, who launched a successful solo career after being part of the girl group Addictiv Ladies in the 2005 X Factor, later took to the stage in a bright pink assemble.

It's all relative! Inspirational Nungshi Malik and Tashi Malik, who were the first twins to climb the Seven Summits, stepped out in matching outfits

Inspirational Nungshi Malik and Tashi Malik, who were the first twins to climb the Seven Summits, stepped out in matching outfits.

The identical siblings showed how close they were as they proudly rocked up to the A-list affair in the same bright orange top and light chinos.

And it wasn't just the women who turned up to the event dressed to impress.

Here come the guys! Karl Lokko rocked up in a beige smart suit jacket, while Conor Maynard went for a more casual look

Activist Karl Lokko, Conor Maynard and Spencer West looked dapper as they prepared to take to the stage to give inspirational speeches.

Karl rocked up in a beige smart suit jacket while Conor and Spencer went for a more casual assemble.

Conor said: 'I can’t wait to take the stage for the second time at WE Day UK - the energy of thousands of young people celebrating positive change is amazing.

'I hope I can encourage fellow young people to show off their individuality, stand out from the crowd and stand up for what they believe in.'