Tracee Ellis Ross' Beauty Favorites Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.

Getty Images

Tracee Ellis Rose, Los Angeles, Age 44

Makeup & Fragrance

"I love a bright matte, opaque lip and I love to blend colors." Lip musts: Ruby Woo lipstick and Cherry and Magenta lip pencils, and Nars Semi Matte Lipstick in Schiap. Manicures: Gel nails with Maho Tanaka in L.A. "She's my nail guru. She's very opinionated and a badass." Scents: L'Oeil du Vert Peacock Tail and Hollywood Jasmine by Haley Alexander. "I'm in her oil-of-the-month club. What she does is very special."

Studio D

Diet & Fitness

"When I'm not working, my entire agenda is around when I'm eating my next meal." Preferred beverage: Acqua Panna. "I know it sounds high-end, but I am serious about drinking water out of glass bottles. I drink a ton of water." Not on the menu: Caffeine and sugar. "Stimulants don't work for me. When I eat sugar I literally see it on my face the next day." Guilty pleasures: Potato chips and french fries. Workout: At Tracy Anderson in L.A., four times a week. "I feel sexy and beautiful when I do it."

Tracee Ellis Ross/Maho Tanaka/Instagram

Hair

"The kind of hair I have can do anything; it can look like it has seven different cuts just by the way you style it." Stylist: Araxi Lindsey in L.A. "There's a specific way we cut it. I like to say it's like trimming a topiary." Hair schedule: "Araxi and I keep a calendar for my hair when I'm shooting. We map it out at the beginning of the week." Products: "There's a chance that I'm coming out with a line. That's a dream of mine." Colorist: Amanda George at Jonathan & George in L.A.

Courtesy of Tracee Ellis Ross Topnots for an appearance on Ellen

Skin

"I like my skin best when it's clean and glowy, and that comes from sleep, hydration, and happiness." Multi-masker: Biologique Recherche Masque VIP O2 and Crème Masque Vernix. "I load the oxygen mask on my face, wash it off, then put on the Vernix. Sometimes I do a collagen mask after that." Favorite exfoliator: Dry-brushing. "If I have an event coming up, I'm furiously dry-brushing the parts of my body that are going to be shown." Face oil: Vintner's Daughter Active Botanical Serum. Body lotions: and body lotion. "Oh, my God, my routine is crazy. I mix five pumps of the Kiss My Face and eight pumps of the Shikai." Sunscreen: . "It looks natural. Some sunscreens are not great if you're a person of color."