Meghan Markle arrives at Pippa Middleton's reception The Suits actress, 35, did not attend Pippa Middleton's wedding but made camera-shy arrival at the reception

Meghan Markle arrived at Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' reception just in time to watch a majestic flypast by a World War Two-era Spitfire plane in a lavish finale to the £700,000 wedding.

Prince Harry beamed as he drove his actress girlfriend, 35, to the Middletons' estate in Berkshire, after making a 100-mile dash to pick her up from Kensington Palace on Saturday evening.

The smiling Suits star ducked the cameras to avoid stealing the limelight at the extravagant reception, where she witnessed a spectacular aerial display from a £100,000 glass marquee.

Just hours earlier, a joyful Pippa, 33, married millionaire hedge-fund manager James, 41, in an intimate ceremony at a 12th-century church in Englefield surrounded by their family and friends.

Scroll down for video

Meghan Markle was pictured beaming alongside her boyfriend Prince Harry as they drove into Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' wedding reception on Saturday evening

They arrived just in time to watch a Spitfire Mk V soar through the skies above the Middleton's £5million family home in Bucklebury, Berkshire, on Saturday

Just hours earlier, a beaming Pippa Middleton, 33, married millionaire hedge-fund manager James, 41, in an intimate ceremony at a 12th-century church

Pippa is pictured left in her wedding dress while Wimbledon tennis champion Roger Federer is seen right with his wife Mirka

Crowds gathered and lined the sides of the road where James and Pippa drove down on their way back to the Middleton mansion after the wedding

Princes William and Harry arrived together without their partners. It is unclear where Meghan was but it is thought she will be joining the party later on at the Middleton family mansion

Off they go! Happy couple Pippa and James were seen leaving the church and heading off to the reception in their Jaguar E-Type after saying their vows in front of 100 friends and family at St Mark's Church in Berkshire

Pippa and James Middleton went to dizzying heights to entertain guests with the spectacular flypast

A skilled pilot masterfully flew the plane across the skies for ten minutes as guests watched on from the Middletons' back garden

Prince Harry beamed as he drove his actress girlfriend, 35, to the Middletons' estate in Berkshire, after making a 100-mile dash to pick her up from Kensington Palace on Saturday evening

Harry slipped away after the champagne reception in a dark grey Audi accompanied by a security guard to pick Meghan up from the Palace in West London, where she has reportedly been staying since flying into the UK on Tuesday

The happy couple watched the spectacular aerial display from a £100,000 glass marquee erected in the back garden - just six miles away from the village of Englefield, where they tied the knot

Guests at the evening reception had a stunning view of the aerial display thanks to the vast glasshouse

The flypast was no doubt the perfect interlude to entertain attendees after a lavish Scottish-themed dinner with haggis and whisky

The fighter plane performed impressive manoeuvres for ten minutes for the guests on Saturday evening

Harry attended Pippa's wedding earlier on Saturday without Meghan. Pictured arriving at the ceremony with William

Harry, 32, watched the wedding ceremony at St Mark's Church and stayed for the champagne reception at Englefield House.

He then slipped away in his dark grey Audi accompanied by a security guard to pick Meghan up from the Palace in West London, where she has reportedly been staying since flying into the UK on Tuesday.

'Harry knew this was all about Pippa’s big day and he and Meghan jointly decided they didn’t want to upstage her. Harry went all the way back to London to get Meghan and bring her to the party,' a source told the Sun on Sunday.

'He left as discreetly as possible and travelled with her all the way back up, showing just how serious he is about her. He didn’t want Meghan having to arrive alone, without him alongside her, at the reception.'

The happy couple joined guests to watch the historic Spitfire Mk V plane soar through the skies against a stunning sunset for ten minutes from the 'portable palace' erected in the Middleton's back garden.

A live band belted out music from the marquee as guests parties the night away, including jazz renditions of Call on Me by Eric Prydz and The White Stripes Seven Nation Army, the Sun reported.

Rumours have been circulating for some weeks that Meghan had been invited to the nuptials despite Pippa's 'no ring, no bring' policy.

However, some believe Meghan may have chosen to stay away from the church ceremony to avoid upstaging Pippa and bringing more attention to her relationship with Harry.

To have her on his arm earlier today at such a high-profile event would once again have re-fuelled suggestions the pair could be set to marry.

It seems that Meghan has been eagerly anticipating the occasion as she has been seen indulging in several beauty treatments in the run up to the big day.

On Friday the actress, who landed in London on Tuesday, was spotted leaving a swanky spa in Soho, London, after a £250 facial ahead of the society event of year.

Prince Harry's girlfriend looked casual in black leggings, a black hoodie and a grey baseball cap teamed with trainers. She offset her look with a £550 ($795) Clifton Rosewater Small Classic Grain bag by British brand Mulberry, and carried her iPhone in her hand as she left the spa.

Pippa beamed as she held hands with James just moments after they said 'I do' outside the church where they were joined by their adorable pageboys and bridesmaids

The groom's hair blew in the wind as he drove his new bride home after marrying her at St Mark's Church. Despite rain forecasts, the couple certainly got lucky with the weather

Pippa was delighted to see her fans and wellwishers congregating to bid her farewell as she sped away

Meet the Matthews! Pippa and her now husband James left the church as man and wife after saying their vows before friends and family at the society wedding of the year in Berkshire

Pippa, in a beautiful classic wedding dress with lace detail, was sporting a shiny new ring on her left hand as her husband manoeuvred the car through the crowded town centre. The long, glamorous veil had been discarded, and the happy couple were squinting into the sharp spring sun

Bride Pippa Middleton and her new husband James Matthews cheer and wave as they leave the private estate

Police held traffic to allow for the newyleds to drive in peace down the road to their evening reception

It appeared that the actress had treated herself to a manicure as she displayed freshly painted nails.

Meghan arrived in the UK on Tuesday ahead of joining boyfriend Prince Harry at Pippa Middleton's wedding this weekend.

According to E! News, Ms Markle arrived at Heathrow Airport on Tuesday and was immediately taken to Kensington Palace. The publication reported that she then made a lowkey appearance at the reception.

The evening reception was reported to be a lavish affair, with a nod to the groom's Scottish connections in the entertainment and food - the dinner is said to feature haggis on the menu along with Scottish lamb and whisky.

Best man Spencer Matthews, the younger brother of the groom, reportedly gave a speech at 10pm to thunderous rounds of applause and laughter.

It comes hours after Pippa beamed with pride as she left the church as a married woman on the arm of her new husband James.

It was the moment the world had been waiting for and Pippa didn't disappoint as she dressed to impress in a stunning white Giles Deacon gown for her nuptials to the 41-year-old financier she began dating last year.

The 33-year-old beamed with happiness as she displayed her famous figure in the fitted guipure lace gown by the British couturier, whose fans include Abbey Clancy and Kendall Jenner.

After saying their vows, they drove from the Englefield estate to the Middleton mansion for the evening reception in a Jaguar E-Type

The party is expected to carry on all evening at the family home with an estimated 350 high-profile guests

Berkshire locals lined the streets as the happy couple made the 1.5mile journey back to base

Pippa Middleton and James Matthews wave as they drive a Jaguar E-Type after their wedding, dubbed the society wedding of the year

Pippa Middleton and James Matthews were joyous as they left their church service

Pippa and James showed no sign of tiring out as they continued to wave to wellwishers the entire way back to Bucklebury

James and a beaming Pippa were certainly in a jubilant mood as they threw their hands in the air to wave to their guests and wellwishers who had stopped by to congratulate them

James drove his new wife away from the Englefield estate and back to the Middleton family home, where 300 guests will join the couple for a party this evening

After saying their vows surrounded by their friends and family, the happy couple waved to the crowds as they drove in a Jaguar E-Type from the Englefield estate to the Middleton mansion for the evening reception in the 'portable palace' they've constructed in their garden.

Pippa, in a beautiful classic wedding dress with lace detail, was sporting a shiny new ring on her left hand as her husband manoeuvred the car through the crowded town centre. The long, glamorous veil had been discarded, and the happy couple were squinting into the sharp spring sun.

One notable absentee was Prince Harry's girlfriend, Meghan Markle, who is thought to be joining the contingent for the reception back at the Middleton mansion this evening.

Rumours have been circulating for some weeks the Suits actress had been invited to the nuptials despite Pippa's 'no ring, no bring' policy. However, some believe Meghan may have chosen to stay away from the church ceremony to avoid upstaging Pippa and bringing more attention to her relationship with Harry.

Pippa looked radiant as she flashed a huge smile at waiting fans on her journey back to her parents' house where she will dance the night away with 300 friends

Pippa was in high spirits as she waved to the crowds who bid her well after her wedding. Her new husband was behind the wheel and drove the pair back to Bucklebury

The duo showed off their new wedding bands as they waved to friends, family and locals who had gathered to wish them well

The blushing bride flashed her Hollywood smile and gave her fans a close-up of her hair 'do, which was styled by Richard Ward this morning

Pippa Middleton and James Matthews smiled for the cameras after their wedding at St Mark's Church in Englefield in front of 100 of their society friends

Pippa and James were extremely lucky with the weather and were able to drive the entire way home with the roof down

Pippa showed off her radiant sun-kissed skin and dewy beauty look as she and her husband left the venue wearing their new wedding bands

The couple will now return to the Bucklebury family home where they've had a huge glass marquee constructed in the garden. They will be joined by 300 guests to celebrate their nuptials

Scores of locals and royal fans were lined up by the side of the road to wave off the couple as they head off home

To have her on his arm earlier today at such a high-profile event would once again have re-fuelled suggestions the pair could be set to marry.

Shortly after Pippa and James left, Kate came by in a grey Range Rover, this time with a personal driver behind the wheel.

Villagers soon began to speculate whether her husband William and little George and Charlotte were hiding behind the car's tinted back windows.

The wedding guests were all leaving the reception at Englefield Town Hall to commence the party at Carol and Michael's home on Pease Hill.

The party is expected to carry on all evening with an estimated 350 high-profile guests.

This morning, flanked by her father, Michael Middleton, Pippa beamed with joy as she arrived at the church in a Jaguar Mark V ahead of her vows. Her attentive big sister Kate, who was resplendent in a peach Alexander McQueen dress, Jane Taylor hat and £7,500 Kiki McDonough earrings, was on hand to help arrange her dress as she walked into the church to say her vows.

It may have been their aunt's big day but Prince George and Princess Charlotte, dressed in Spanish retailer Pepa and Co, managed to steal the limelight from Pippa as they served as page boy and bridesmaid at the society wedding of the year.

Dressed in adorable ensembles, three-year-old George and two-year-old Charlotte stole the hearts of the nation as they put on a charming display at St Mark's Church in Berkshire.

PIPPA AND JAMES'S BIG DAY: A TIMELINE 8am - Pippa Middleton and her bridal party preened themselves ahead of the big day. Richard Ward - Kate's hairdresser - tended to Pippa's tresses 10.30am - Guests were greeted by best man Spencer Matthews and ushers, who were wearing morning suits with dusty pink ties, at the archway entrance. Among the first celebrity guests to arrive were ITV news anchor Tom Bradby and his jewellery designer wife Claudia. They were followed by former Byker Grove star Donna Air, James Middleton’s girlfriend and tennis star Roger Federer. Pippa’s uncle Gary Goldsmith waved to the assembled press as he arrived with his daughter. Princess Eugenie, wearing a navy blue dress and cream pillbox hat also waved to the cameras as she was accompanied by her long-term boyfriend Jack Brooksbank. 11am - The groom, James Matthews, also greeted guests at the entrance to the church. He appeared relaxed, at one stage sharing a joke with his brother. 11.20am - Mother of the bride Carole arrived with her son James, wearing a peach Catherine Walker outfit. 11.25am - The Cambridges’ nanny Maria Borrallo was then spotted entering the church in her distinctive brown Norland uniform. The 33-year-old married financier James Matthews, 41, wearing a couture dress by British designer Giles Deacon 11.26am - A minute or so later, two vintage Jaguar Mk IV cars pulled up caring the Duchess of Cambridge in the first car with George, Charlotte and younger page boys bridesmaids, followed by a second car (exactly the same, grey coloured) carrying the other, older ones (they wouldn’t tell us who was who). 11.30am - They were shortly followed by Pippa and her father Michael in an open top gun metal grey 1951 Jaguar Mk V. They spent some time rearranging Pippa’s dress by the archway entrance - both Michael and an attendant - presumably one of Deacon’s. 11.45am - There was embarrassment when a couple of late comers arrived after Pippa had gone into the church. Bodyguards were scrambled to usher them in a side entrance. 12.40pm - The bride and groom emerged just as the sun started shining again, having rained during the 40-minute ceremony. 12.45pm - The pageboys and bridesmaids were assembled at the entrance and then walked out in front of the happy couple, with Kate helping to usher them into position. 12.50pm - Prince George throws a tantrum and Kate steps in to tell him to calm down. Kate ushered them all back into the cars and she went in the car with them as the bride and groom then made their way up to Englefield House on foot, after posing for photographs. 4pm - Pippa and James drive from Englefield House back to Bucklebury and wave at wellwishers along the 1.5 mile drive

Guests will now head back to the Middleton family home where a portable palace has been constructed in the grounds for guests to kick back and relax in

Pippa Middleton and James Matthews smile after their wedding at St Mark's Church. They were joined by their families with James's father David posing with them, right

The happy couple share a tender kiss outside the church moments after saying their vows

The newlyweds, who started dating last year, couldn't have looked happier to have tied the knot

PIPPA'S BRIDAL PARTY: MEET THE PAGEBOYS AND BRIDESMAIDS The pageboys and bridesmaids were assembled at the entrance and then walked out in front of the happy couple, with Kate helping to usher them into position. Pippa's bridesmaids were Countess Philippa Hoyos, Lily French, Avia Horner and Princess Charlotte. The pageboys were Casimir Tatos, Edward Sebire, William Ward and Prince George. George and Charlotte's Spanish Norland Nanny, Maria Borrallo, was also on hand to keep an eye on the little ones. The Duchess of Cambridge stands with her son Prince George as she looks across at Pippa Middleton and James Matthews after their wedding at St Mark's Church Prince George was the star of the show as he led the bridal party out of the church in his adorable outfit by Spanish childrenswear brand, Pepa and Co Prince George's mood quickly turned sour as he threw a tantrum outside the church whilst his sister held onto her mother's hand Uh oh! The Duchess lost her cool as she told Prince George to quieten down after he descended into a tantrum outside the church following the service The three-year-old was given a telling off by his firm mother outside the church after his mini tantrum

Prince William and his brother Prince Harry looked dapper as they arrived at the church just moments before it started

The princes arrived together but Meghan wasn't on the arm of her red-headed Prince despite landing in the country on Tuesday

The brothers, who are fiercely close, had a moment to catch up with each other as they walked through the Englefield estate

The Duchess of Cambridge was by her sister's side all day. Not only did she help straighten her dress train before the ceremony, she kept the children under control and stood loyally behind her after the nuptials

Kate stands with Princess Charlotte and Prince George, who were flower boys and girls at the wedding of Pippa Middleton and James Matthews, as she waits for her husband, Prince William

The happy couple were surrounded by their adorable page boys and bridesmaids, who threw confetti in the air as the pair made their way to a waiting car to head off to the reception

Prince George was cherubic in his little page boy outfit as he gathered some petals to throw over his auntie

Mother-of-two Kate looked chic in an Alexander McQueen dress as she held her little daughter's hand

Mother-of-the-bride Carole beamed as she linked onto her youngest child's arm at the nuptials of the summer in Berkshire

Kate escorted the children into the church ahead of her little sister's arrival. Pippa arrived in a vintage car with her father moments later

The happy couple posed for snaps with their parents outside the church, with James's father David and Pippa's mother Carole, left, seen beaming

Here they come! L-R: Carole Middleton, in a peach ensemble, best man Spencer Matthews, Prince William, Michael Middleton, and fellow guests upped the style ante as they left the society event of the year

Goodbye! The adorable three-year-old waved goodbye to wellwishers who had gathered by the church to steal a glance of the royal family

Cute little Prince George was the perfect charmer as he waved goodbye to wellwishers after cheering up from his tantrum

Spencer's parents, Jane and Michael, led the charge alongside Carole Middleton as the glamorous guests exited the church on the happy day

Pippa's new in-laws, David and Jane Matthews, who run the Eden Roc hotel group, were on fine form as they waved to wellwishers after the ceremony. Jane was glamorous in a mint green coatdress teamed with patent moss green stilettos

Princess Charlotte held onto her mother's hand as the trio left the church. Their father, Prince William, left the venue with his brother Harry

The Middleton sisters looked stunning as they posed for photographers outside the church on Saturday afternoon

Pippa couldn't hide her delight as she left the wedding venue and prepared for a party back at base

Only a small group of villagers got a glimpse of the royals as the bride arrived in a 1951 Jaguar, Pippa looking stunning in a flowing white dress with a heart-shaped, open back.

The bridal bouquet was by Lavender Green and was a stunning collection of peony, sweet pea, astilbe, freesia, waxflower, green bell and mollis.

Speaking to MailOnline about working for Pippa and the inspiration she took when creating the bridesmaid's flowers, Sue Barnes, Founder of Lavender Green Flowers, said: 'I designed hearts covered with white Waxflower and Gypsophilia, that hung from satin ribbon. We matched these with flowers on the girls’ Alice bands. It is the little details, like the gorgeous bridesmaid’s hearts, that make weddings totally individual, and our job that much more enjoyable!'

The Duchess of Cambridge emerged from a second car wearing a light pink dress and matching hat, and entered the church with the little ones - Prince George in a white shirt and light brown trousers and Princess Charlotte in a white dress.

Mother of the bride Carol Middleton walked with her son James Middleton to the wedding, wearing a buttoned-up pink coat and a matching hat.

pencer Matthews was seen hand-in-hand with his sister whilst his reality TV girlfriend, Vogue Williams, attended a work event in Dublin

Spencer, who is a notorious party boy, was in high spirits as he laughed and joked with new brother-in-law James Middleton and Prince William following the service. Spencer's sister carried a luxurious boxy Dior tote, which costs up to £1,000

Spencer was best man at his big brother's wedding on Saturday but his Irish girlfriend, Vogue Williams, right, gave a masterclass in active sports wear at Arnotts Department store in Dublin

Where's he off to? Prince Harry was coy as he left in a vehicle, presumably to meet girlfriend Meghan

Roger Federer and his wife Mirka leave after the wedding. Pippa is a staunch tennis fan and regularly joins her sister in the Royal Box at Wimbledon

Left: Talullah Goldsmith, who is Carole's niece, looked mature beyond her years in a chic blue and white dress at the event. She arrived on the arm of her father Gary, the disgraced brother of Carole. Right: Lady Gabriella Windsor looked chic in a white hat with floral embellishment and she smiled for the cameras

Lady Gabriella Windsor is the only daughter of Prince Michael of Kent and his wife - the Queen's cousin. She flashed her legs in a chic blue dress teamed with a smart blazer as she arrived on the arm of Tom Kingston - who dated Pippa Middleton

Carole's son James Middleton could be seen welcoming his long term girlfriend Donna Air as she arrived at the high profile event on Saturday

Spencer Matthews Pippa's now brother-in-law was seen giving the socialite a warm welcome

The front archway of the church was decorated with two large bouquets of pink peonies and roses and white flowers.

Guests were greeted by best man Spencer Matthews and ushers, who were wearing morning suits with dusty pink ties, at the archway entrance.

The groom, James Matthews, also greeted guests at the entrance to the church. He appeared relaxed, at one stage sharing a joke with his brother.

Among the first celebrity guests to arrive were ITV news anchor Tom Bradby and his jewellery designer wife Claudia.

They were followed by former Byker Grove star Donna Air, James Middleton’s girlfriend, who was weighting a long flowing pale yellow dress and matching pillbox hat.

Tennis star Roger Federer was cheered as he walked up the path to the church his wife Mirka, wearing a gold sparking dress.

Pippa's proud parents Carole and Michael looked delighted as they left the church after watching their youngest daughter say her vows. Carole was the epitome of chic in a peach dress and matching fascinator in keeping with the colour scheme

Pippa shared a candid moment with her father, Michael, ahead of the ceremony as they prepared to enter the church

James, a hedgefund manager from London, whose parents own the Eden Roc hotel group, couldn't hide his joy after marrying the woman of his dreams

The newlyweds were briefly seen exiting the church to chiming wedding bells, and were driven off to the local village hall for the wedding reception.

Local mother Jleana Sedita said it had been a lovely exit, but was quite dismayed that the Royal family arrived so far away from the eager crowd.

'I can accept that I was not invited, but I wanted to see her at least,' she said, laughing. 'They've spent so much money, and we went to see what exactly it was spent on.

'They don't really need an expensive marquee, there are so many beautiful churches and houses around.'

Kate was certainly a hands-on mother as she was left to care for her two children whilst her husband mingled with guests inside the church. Little Charlotte made a cherubic bridesmaid for Pippa today

Kate comforted her son following his mini meltdown as he little sister grimaced at her brother outside the church

Pippa, left, beamed as she waved off her niece and nephew who had acted as page boy and bridesmaid on her big day

The little royal was in high spirits after he made his star appearance as page boy at Auntie Pippa's wedding

Look familiar? How George bears an uncanny resemblance to his father at ANOTHER royal wedding Eagle-eyed royal watchers have spotted the little page boy bore an uncanny resemblance to his father today. George, three, looked almost identical to a young Prince William, who was a page boy himself at the July 1986 nuptials of Sarah Ferguson and Prince Andrew the Duke of York. Like his son today, four-year-old William, who was dressed as a sailor, charmed onlookers by waving to the crowds as he drove past in a carriage. Prince William was a page boy at the 1986 wedding of Fergie and Andrew, left, and Prince George today, right

The 33-year-old beamed with happiness as she displayed her famous figure in the fitted guipure lace gown by Giles Deacon as she arrived with her father Michael at St Mark's Church

The Duchess of Cambridge crouched down to tend to her daughter, Princess Charlotte, who was a bridesmaid for Pippa

The 33-year-old stunned as she displayed her gym-honed figure in a stunning white gown by Giles Deacon

The blushing bride beamed with joy and flashed a smile to the waiting photographers as she arrived at the church armed with a small bouquet of white and peach wild flowers

Pippa Middleton is escorted by her father Michael Middleton as she arrives for her wedding to James Matthews at St Mark's Church in Englefield

ARRIVING IN STYLE! PIPPA TURNS UP IN VINTAGE CAR Pippa arrived in style for her wedding to financier James Matthews earlier today by turning up in a vintage Jaguar. The dashing bride was seen arriving with her father Michael in a vintage 1951 Jaguar Mk V car. The classic vehicles are still sold online by second-hand retailers and can fetch prices of up to £80,000. Pippa arrived in style for her wedding to financier James Matthews earlier today by turning up in a vintage Jaguar Introduced at the 1948 London Motor Show, the styling carried forward design ideas from the pre-war SS Jaguar with the upright radiator grill and the leaping Jaguar mascot as an option. At the time, the Mark V represented worthwhile progress for Jaguar. Its modern chassis combined with traditional styling and a typically well-finished interior. Around 9500 Mark V saloons and 1000 drophead coupés were built from 1949 to 1951. The Mark V was also seen in motor sport, with Cecil Vard coming third in the 1951 Monte Carlo Rally, and fifth in the 1953 rally, using the car. The dashing bride was seen arriving with her father Michael in a vintage 1951 Jaguar Mk V car STATS: Body style - saloon, drophead coupé Engine - 2664 cc or 3485 cc Transmission - four-speed manual Length - 187.5 in The classic vehicles are still sold online by second-hand retailers and can fetch prices of up to £80,000

Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, right, arranges the train of her sister of her sister Pippa Middleton as she arrives with her father Michael Middleton for her wedding

Kate was all smiles as she escorted the page boys and bridesmaids - including daughter Charlotte - into the church

Pippa’s uncle Gary Goldsmith waved to the assembled press as he arrived with his daughter. Princess Eugenie, wearing a navy blue dress and cream pillbox hat, also waved to the cameras as she was accompanied by her long-term boyfriend Jack Brooksbank.

Gabriella Windsor, the daughter of Prince and Princess Michael of Kent, was also among the 200-strong congregation.

Mother of the bride Carole arrived with her son James, wearing a peach Catherine Walker outfit.

The Cambridges’ nanny Maria Borrallo was then spotted entering the church in her distinctive brown Norland uniform.

Appearing very much Mummy for the day, Kate ushered the children in to the right position. The girls’ dresses were cream and the boys tops were cream while their breeches were a gold colour. She was weaning a dusty Alexander McQueen bell sleeve wool crepe pencil dress, priced $959.

They were shortly followed by Pippa and her father Michael in an open top gun metal grey 1951 Jaguar Mk V.

They spent some time rearranging Pippa’s dress by the archway entrance - both Michael and an attendant - presumably one of Deacon’s.

Kate then greeted her sister and father in the entrance of the church and helped to smooth out Pippa’s dress while arranging the page boys and bridesmaids to walk behind them in unison.

Kate very much appeared to be attendant in chief and was laughing and giggling with Pippa. Within minutes of them going in, it started raining.

There was embarrassment when a couple of late comers arrived after Pippa had gone into the church. Bodyguards were scrambled to usher them in a side entrance.

The bride and groom emerged at 12.39, just as the sun started shining again, having rained during the 40-minute ceremony.

It may have been their aunt's big day but Prince George and Princess Charlotte managed to steal the limelight from Pippa Middleton as they served as page boy and bridesmaid at the society wedding of the year

Pippa Middleton arrives with her father Michael Middleton for her wedding to James Matthews at St Mark's Church

Pippa couldn't stop smiling as she arrived at the church to marry her financier boyfriend James Matthews

The Duchess tells the little ones to keep the noise down as the page boys and bridesmaids make their way into the church

The pageboys and bridesmaids were assembled at the entrance and then walked out in front of the happy couple, with Kate helping to usher them into position.

Pippa's bridesmaids were Countess Philippa Hoyos, Lily French, Avia Horner and Princess Charlotte. The pageboys were Casimir Tatos, Edward Sebire, William Ward and Prince George.

There was a lot of smiling and some laughing as the children tottered out in front. The couple took their time to walk towards the archway entrance, clearly quite entertained by the children in front of them.

Charlotte was carrying a basket which appeared to have confetti petals in it. A guest was later spotted telling the crowds she was carrying Charlotte’s heart shaped floral garland, which she had left behind.

James Matthews was seen beaming ahead of the service - and considering he was about to tie the knot with the woman he chased for 10 years, it was hardly surprising he couldn't hide his smile as he arrived at St Mark's church moments before his bride today.

The 41-year-old hedge fund manager was in high spirits as he arrived flanked by ushers James Middleton and Spencer Matthews ahead of the society wedding of the year.

The dapper men shared a few laughs as they waited nervously outside the church whilst hundreds of guests - including James Middleton's girlfriend Donna Air and Roger Federer - and wellwishers descended on the church.

Princes William and Harry put on a dapper display as they arrived together at the church without their partners, the Duchess of Cambridge and Meghan Markle.

Kate and her two-year-old daughter were in hysterics as they waited outside the church to walk down the aisle

Kate placed her hand protectively on her son Prince George's back following the ceremony whilst Charlotte cheekily stuck her tongue out for the cameras

Here come the boys! The pageboys put on an adorable display as they threw petals following the ceremony

The Duchess looked resplendent in peach as she escorted the page boys and bridesmaids into the church

Prince George played the caring big brother as he reached for his little sister's hands as they made their way inside. Their nanny, Maria, was on hand in her Norland Nanny outfit to help

Prince George made an adorable page boy as he joined his pals on his aunt's big day

The Duchess looked chic in a peach dress with voluminous sleeves as she herded the little ones outside the church

IT'S A ROLE REVERSAL! KATE STEPS IN AS A DOTING SISTER SIX YEARS AFTER HER SISTER DID THE SAME FOR HER Pippa played the doting maid of honour to her big sister Kate at the royal wedding in 2011 and it was Kate's turn to step in today. The Duchess, resplendent in a peach dress, was the attentive big sister as she helped fix Pippa's train for her before she walked down the aisle. Pippa played doting maid of honour to Kate on her big day in 2011, right, so it was Kate's turn to return the favour by helping her sister out

Proud father Michael beamed with pride as he admired his daughter's dress of choice

Pippa beamed with joy whilst her father admired her dress when the pair arrived at the wedding in a Jaguar Mark V

Pippa Middleton is escorted by her father, Michael Middleton, as she arrives for her wedding to James Matthews

Pippa accessorised with a simple pair of drop earrings - a style favoured by her big sister.

Pippa wore a stunning lace dress by British designer Giles Deacon, who also dressed Abbey Clancy for her wedding

FORGET THE BUM! THIS YEAR IT'S ALL ABOUT PIPPA'S INCREDIBLY TONED ARMS! Pippa made quite the splash at her big sister's wedding when her pert bottom made headlines all around the world. But this year, all eyes have been firmly focused on the bride's incredibly toned arms. Pippa wore a capped-sleeve dress to highlight her very shapely arms earlier today and she has even caught the eye of professional personal trainers. Monty Simmons, a personal trainer based London, said: 'It's clear she's been keeping a balanced diet that's high in protein, to help reduce body fat and feed the muscles so they develop, tone and shape. Pippa made quite the splash at her big sister's wedding when her pert bottom made headlines all around the world (left). But this year, all eyes have been firmly focused on the bride's incredibly toned arms 'If the body fat isn't addressed through great nutrition, the muscle will be covered; much like an iron bar wrapped in cotton wool. 'It's rumoured she's undergone bodyweight training in the lead-up which is a fantastic way of developing lean, sculpted and toned upper arms. 'Known for her athletic prowess, Pippa is no stranger to keeping in shape, having taken part in big scale sports events, including a 3,000-mile charity bike race in San Diego and a 33-mile cross-country ski race in Norway. Sport based activities create brilliant results for the upper arms. 'I particularly recommend boxing, rowing, indoor rock climbing, mixed martial arts and swimming. Not only are they great for overall toning, they focus hugely on the upper body, helping burn body fat and toning muscles. They're also an effective stress reliever which plays a big part in losing body fat also!'

Pippa Middleton arrives for her wedding to James Matthews in a vintage car with her father

A cheeky pageboy flicks the V at the cameras whilst he waits to head into the church with the rest of the bridal party

A beaming James Matthews, second from right, arrives at the church flanked by ushers James Middleton, third from left, and brother Spencer as he awaits his bride

The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge cut it fine as they set off from Kensington Palace with just a few hours to spare ahead of Pippa Middleton's wedding today.

The couple, who were dressed to impress in their wedding outfits, were seen driving through London as they made the 50 mile journey to St Mark's Church in Berkshire.

Prince William, who looked dapper in a satin waistcoat and red tie, drove his family-of-four in their Range Rover to the society wedding of the decade.

Kate, meanwhile, gave a hint of her outfit and donned a peach fascinator - a colour she often plumps for when dressing for formal events.

Pippa picks Kendall Jenner's favourite designer Giles Deacon for her show-stopping wedding dress (and it bears striking similarities to Kate's bridal gown) The world's most esteemed designers were bending over backwards to dress her but Giles Deacon was the man entrusted with dressing Pippa Middleton on her big day. Six years after she stole the show as her sister's bridesmaid at the Royal wedding, Pippa ensured her gown was equally memorable by plumping for a couture dress made by Giles Deacon, who has designed clothes for Ann Summers and New Look. While Kate opted for a long-sleeved lace number by Sarah Burton of Alexander McQueen on hr big day, her younger sister ensured her newly-toned arms were on full display today with a cap-sleeved frock and glittering tiara. Pippa enters St. Mark's Church in Englefield this morning. Miss Middleton's designer Giles Deacon said of her gown (left): 'The bespoke silk cotton lace was hand appliqued to create the illusion of the dress having no seams' Both sisters opted for brilliant white rather than ivory, popular among brides, with full, sweeping skirts to ensure all eyes were on them. Pippa's stunning guipure lace number with a nipped-in waist and low back showed off to perfection the flawless figure has been tirelessly honing at the gym, while the high neck gave her look a modern twist. Pippa's designer Deacon, 47, originally from County Durham where the Middletons' ancestors hail from, is one of the most acclaimed British designers and experts say one of his made-to-measure dresses was likely to have set Pippa back around £40,000. Giles, pictured with models Jourdan Dunn and Cara Delevingne at his fashion week event, has forged a close circle of famous friends. He is reported to have first met with Pippa and mother Carole last summer to discuss dress options He said: 'I was thrilled to work with Pippa on her wedding dress. The dress is constructed with a cap sleeve, high neckline and features a corseted bodice with draping to the front and heart-shaped detail at the back.' Deacon added: 'The bespoke silk cotton lace was hand appliqued to create the illusion of the dress having no seams. 'The lace bodice is embroidered with pearl detailing over an organza and tulle underskirt. It's a privilege to show the craftsmanship that my team produces in London.' 'I wanted that 'how-was-that-done?' factor,' he told Business of Fashion. Pippa also wore a Maidenhair Fern tiara. Phillipa Lepley, couture bridal designer added: 'Pippa's high neck is very unusual and elegant - more coverage is less, and very sexy. The fresh raglan cap sleeves (which will be slightly padded) contrast with the neckline beautifully - very fresh and modern! 'An all-over embroidered fabric like this is very flattering. The dress has quite a voluminous full skirt, which contrasts Pippa's tiny waist. A simple silk tulle veil has been thrown over, which does not detract from the details of the dress beneath.' Deacon is famed for his dramatic gothic creations and has made full skirts, huge ruffles and playful shapes his signature with fashion critics noting he creates clothes for 'women who want to be noticed'. He has dressed Helena Bonham Carter and Lady Gaga, but his most famous bride was model Strictly winner Abbey Clancy, who wore a strapless, corseted lace dress that flared out below the knee. Deacon's most famous bride to date was model Strictly winner and model Abbey Clancy, who wore a strapless, corseted lace dress that flared out below the knee for her wedding to footballer Peter Crouch in 2011

The 41-year-old hedge fund manager was in high spirits as he arrived flanked by ushers James Middleton and Spencer Matthews ahead of the society wedding of the year

Spencer Matthews, James's little brother, will act as best man and couldn't have looked happier about it

James Middleton's girlfriend Donna Air was also in attendance at the wedding and stunned in a cream dress as she arrived with a pal

Swiss tennis player Roger Federer and his wife Mirka arrive at St Mark's Church in Englefield, England, ahead of the wedding of Pippa Middleton and James Matthews

Spencer Matthews, brother of James Matthews, greets James Middleton's girlfriend Donna Air outside the church

Spencer Matthews certainly looked happy to see James Middleton's girlfriend Donna Air

Whilst Princess Beatrice was a no-show at the wedding, her younger sister was happy to represent the royals with her boyfriend Jack

Princess Eugenie and her boyfriend Jack Brooksbank were all smiles as they arrived at the church arm in arm

Spencer Matthews beamed as he welcomed guests to the church, whilst Donna Air gave her boyfriend James Middleton a loving embrace

Kate's private secretary, Rebecca Deacon, looked effortlessly chic in a cream chiffon dress with a shirred waist and satin ankle-strap heels

Gary Goldsmith, uncle of the bride, attends the wedding of Pippa Middleton and James Matthews at St Mark's Church in Englefield, with his stunning daughter Tallulah, 14

James Matthews arrives in his Defender along with his groom party to his wedding to Pippa Middleton

A dapper James Middleton looked smart as he arrived at the church. His long-term girlfriend Donna was there, too, right, but the pair arrived separately

James Middleton (R), brother of the bride, walks with his beaming mother Carole Middleton, to the church as she waves to the crowds on the happy day

Pippa's black sheep Uncle Gary who was caught boasting about drugs puts on a dapper display as he arrives at his niece's wedding with his stunning daughter He has been the family black sheep since being caught boasting about drugs and his royal connections but Pippa Middleton's uncle, Gary Goldsmith, pulled out all the stops for her big day. Carole Middleton's brother put on a dapper display as he live tweeted making his way to his niece's society wedding on Saturday. Gary, 52, donned a bespoke three-piece suit by designer Mark Powell, whose suits start at £1,700, as he posed at home ahead of the wedding with his stunning daughter, Tallulah. Carole Middleton's brother put on a dapper display as he live tweeted making his way to his niece's society wedding on Saturday with his 14-year-old daughter Gary Goldsmith, uncle of the bride, attends the wedding of Pippa Middleton and James Matthews at St Mark's Church in Englefield The youngster dressed to impress in a Mary Katrantzoe dress, Edwina Ibbotson hat and Sophie Hulme bag offset with Dior shoes. The 14-year-old, who was rumoured to be a bridesmaid at the event, is a student at a private school in the South of England that Gary has described on his Twitter page as a 'posh prison'. Wealthy businessman Mr Goldsmith, younger brother of Pippa's mother Carole, was forced to apologise to the family after he was caught in a tabloid sting in 2009 by the News of the World's notorious 'fake sheikh'. He was filmed cutting cocaine and boasting about William and Kate at his crudely named Maison de Bang Bang villa in Ibiza. He was later invited to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's wedding in 2011 with his first wife and daughter, but will have only Tallulah, known as Lula, on his arm this time. Mr Goldsmith, who also attended Kate and William's wedding, said he was 'hugely looking forward to the day'

The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, who were dressed to impress, were seen driving through London as they made their way to St Mark's Church in Berkshire with just over an hour to spare before Pippa Middleton and James Matthews's wedding

Society types, royals and Made In Chelsea stars descended on the quiet village of Englefield on Saturday to watch Pippa Middleton and James Matthews say 'I do'.

The couple's nuptials took place in the picturesque Berkshire church before a congregation, which included the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, their children Prince George and Princess Charlotte, Prince Harry and other close family and friends.

Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle didn't make an appearance alongside her royal beau after landing in London on Tuesday evening; it is thought she will attend the evening event.

Well-placed sources say the relationship is extremely serious, and that Meghan's invitation to Pippa's wedding is the ultimate endorsement, meaning she could be a potential princess.

The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge cut it fine as they set off from Kensington Palace with just a few hours to spare ahead of Pippa Middleton's wedding today - the 50 mile journey should take them just over an hour

Prince William, who looked dapper in a satin waistcoat and red tie, drove his family-of-four in their Range Rover to the society wedding of the decade

Kate opted for a peach fascinator as she gave a hint of her outfit en route to her little sister's wedding on Saturday

Kate's parents and siblings spent the night in their hometown of Bucklebury as they prepared for the society wedding of the year, but the Duchess of Cambridge was spotted driving through London on Friday afternoon.

It is thought that Kate attended the rehearsals for sister Pippa's wedding at St Mark's Church before driving her Range Rover back to Kensington Palace.

Kate's children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte, are acting as page boy and flower girl at the nuptials, so the mother-of-two most likely had plenty to organise back in the city.

Also spotted making last minute preparations for the wedding was Meghan Markle, Prince Harry's girlfriend, who was seen outside a Soho spa after flying into London to join her royal beau at St Mark's tomorrow.

Casually dressed in leggings, a hoodie, a baseball cap and shades - albeit with the addition of an expensive Mulberry handbag - the Suits star lingered outside the venue as she waited for a driver, likely to whisk her back to Harry's Kensington Palace apartment.

Prince William took the wheel as he drove his wife to the event. It was unclear whether their children, Prince George and Princes Charlotte, were also in the car but the youngsters will act as page boy and bridesmaid

The couple were no doubt in high spirits as they set off to the huge event. Reports suggest it will be a lavish affair, with a nod to the groom's Scottish connections included in his outfit, entertainment and the food

The wedding reception will take place at the Middleton family home where an expensive glass marquee has been hired for 300 guests to party the night away

Boys time: With his hair slicked back, he beamed as he talked to the best men outside St Mark's Church which boasted stunning flower displays to the entrance

It's in the genes: Clad head-to-toe in champagne, including her hat, bag and heels, Spencer's sister Nina Mackie walked arm in arm with him as they left the church

Guests opted for an array of eye-catching colours as they arrived at St. Mark's Church on the private Englefield estate. Serena Hood, a fashion editor at British Vogue looked stunning in a bold blue dress. The new mother arrived on the arm of husband Peregrine Hood, a close pal of the Princes

One chic lady wowed in a flowing, bohemian dress that matched Pippa's 'country vibe' wedding theme. She offset her look with a pair of trendy Aquazzura heels, which cost around £500 a pop

Pippa and James's guestlist read like a roll call of aristocracy, with men and women donning their most vibrant outfits to attend the wedding of the summer

There were some rather daring outfit choices, including these garish red and blue tartan trousers, which two men donned for the big day

Pippa's pals were a collection of some of London's most sartorially clued-up men and women, donning beautiful floral summer dresses and smart suits

Left: Tom Bradby and wife Claudia, left, joined colourful guests arriving at Englefield this morning. Right: A well-dressed couple held hands as they arrived for the event

Not all of the guests chose to wear summer dresses; one lady opted for fashionable brown flared trousers teamed with a smart white blouse but pulled the look off with aplomb

Press and wellwishers descended on Berkshire in an attempt to steal a glimpse of the bride as guests started to arrive ahead of the society event of the year

Spencer's sister, left, looked chic in cream as she joined society's finest at the wedding of the season

The sun was out for the big day so guests flashed their bare legs and donned sunglasses as they arrived

Left: A lady with a coiffed hairstyle donned a stunning pink pleated dressed teamed with gold heels. Right: Guests were certainly in a summery mood, opting for slashed maxi dresses and wraparound wedges

Royal author Tom Bradbury and his wife were seen chatting to fellow guests as they arrived at the event

Guests donned their finest headwear as they made their way into the church on the private estate

Pippa was no doubt delighted to see tennis player Roger Federer and his wife Mirka at the nuptials

Pippa Middleton is a huge tennis fan so will no doubt have been thrilled to welcome Roger to her wedding

The tennis ace was in high spirits as he joined his glamorous wife at the occasion

It was very much a case of all things bright and beautiful for the guests, who donned vibrant dresses and trousers

A stylish lady opted for a sheer black dress adorned with intricate and colourful flowers. She offset her look with chunky crushed velvet wedges

Female guests opted for bold hued jumpsuits in shades of fuchsia, cobalt blue and purple. Other guests embraced summer in bohemian flowing gowns worn with strappy heels

Elaborate headwear was certainly the order of the day for female guests, with some plumping for eye-catching feathered fascinators

Left: A chic lady donned a black and blue fit and flare dress, which accentuated her curves. Right: A lady in red arrived at the event accompanied by a male companion

One female guest wore a vibrant yellow gown with floral detail and a blue hat covered in large yellow butterflies (left) while another opted for a blue dress with billowing cuffs (right) - adding a pair of sating nude heels to her ensemble

Two male guests sported matching tartan trousers as they joined the congregation in Berkshire on Saturday morning. The wedding party will now make their way to the Middleton home where a 140ft glass marquee has been installed

Princess Eugenie and Jack made for a stylish couple as they arrived to watch close friend Pippa say her vows

Female guests donned colourful florals, left, and eye-catching fascinators, right, as they arrived at the church this morning. The star-studded ceremony was attended by royals and celebrities including Spencer Matthews and Roger Federer

Prince William's ex Olivia Hunt donned what appeared to be an expensive Kenzo gown emblazoned with the trendy label's signature Tiger face. She wrapped up warm in a sharp tailored blazer and displayed a bouncy blow-dry for the occasion

One female member of the congregation ensured all eyes were on her as she plumped for a vibrant ensemble emblazoned with colourful prints. She teamed the look with dazzling bejewelled shoes and a shimmering gold clutch

One female member of the congregation ensured all eyes were on her as she plumped for a vibrant ensemble emblazoned with colourful prints. She teamed the look with dazzling bejewelled shoes and a shimmering gold clutch

Feeling blue: One pregnant woman showed off her baby bump in a dark indigo maxi with a matching Chanel bag (left) while a fellow partygoer teamed her floaty turquoise chiffon number with summery espadrilles and a white tweed jacket (right)

The weather held - despite rain forecasts - so guests took the opportunity to flash their legs in daring mini dresses

One lady shunned a traditional dress and instead opted for a pink midi skirt worn with a white top and blazer

Here they come! The first guests arrived ahead of the wedding of the Duchess of Cambridge's sister Pippa Middleton to her millionaire groom James Matthews, dubbed the society wedding of the year at, St Mark's church in Englefield

A well-dressed couple coordinated their outfits for the big day. The lady plumped for a fuchsia jacket and hat, whilst her husband donned a matching tie

Glamorous guests donned their finery as they began to arrive at the private Englefield estate on Saturday morning

Male guests wore pinstripes and morning suits (left) while female revellers donned colourful dresses (right)

Details of today's wedding service, reception and celebrations have been kept under wraps by organisers but there has been speculation that the day is setting Pippa's parents, Carole and Michael Middleton, back hundreds of thousands of pounds.

An expensive glass marquee has been hired for the evening event, as have vintage cars and modern prestige vehicles - and posh portable toilets.

Reports suggest it will be a lavish affair, with a nod to the groom's Scottish connections included in his outfit, entertainment and the food, with haggis on the menu along with Scottish lamb and whisky, while there will also be a piper and a Spitfire flypast.

James dated Pippa briefly some ten years ago but remained firm friends with Kate's sister and invited her on holiday last year where they sealed their romance

Members of the public arrived ahead of the wedding of the Duchess of Cambridge's sister Pippa Middleton to her millionaire groom James Matthews, dubbed the society wedding of the year at, St Mark's church in Englefield, Berkshire