Alicia Vikander Kicks Ass as Lara Croft in New Adventurous Trailer For TOMB RAIDER We've got an awesome action-packed new trailer for the upcoming Tomb Raider movie for you to watch today! The trailer features a ton of exciting and adventurous new footage of Alicia Vikander as Lara Croft in action and kicking ass! There are actually a few moments that are pretty breathtaking. If you're not already excited about this movie, this trailer might actually do the trick and get you on board. I'm actually really impressed! This looks like it's going to be a badass film!

Lara Croft is the fiercely independent daughter of an eccentric adventurer who vanished when she was scarcely a teen. Now a young woman of 21 without any real focus or purpose, Lara navigates the chaotic streets of trendy East London as a bike courier, barely making the rent. Determined to forge her own path, she refuses to take the reins of her father’s global empire just as staunchly as she rejects the idea that he’s truly gone. Advised to face the facts and move forward after seven years without him, even Lara can’t understand what drives her to finally solve the puzzle of his mysterious death.

Leaving everything she knows behind, Lara goes in search of her dad’s last-known destination: a fabled tomb on a mythical island that might be somewhere off the coast of Japan. But her mission will not be an easy one; just reaching the island will be extremely treacherous. Suddenly, the stakes couldn’t be higher for Lara, who—against the odds and armed with only her sharp mind, blind faith and inherently stubborn spirit—must learn to push herself beyond her limits as she journeys into the unknown. If she survives this perilous adventure, it could be the making of her, earning her the name tomb raider.

Tomb Raider is being directed by Roar Uthaug (The Wave) and it also stars Walton Goggins as Father Mathias Vogel; Daniel Wu as Lu Ren, the ship captain who helps Lara in searching for her Father; Dominic West as Lord Richard Croft, Lara's deceased archaeologist father; and Hannah John-Kamen as Sophie, Croft's flatmate and best friend.

The movie hits theaters March 16th 2018.