Hilary Duff looks very in love with Matthew Koma as she plants a kiss on him then flashes a smile Hilary Duff appears to be very smitten with her baby daddy Matthew Koma.

During a coffee run in Los Angeles on Friday afternoon she was seen planting a passionate kiss on the musician while she held onto his face.

Later the pregnant star couldn't stop smiling as she seemed giddy with joy.

Getting cozy: Hilary Duff appears to be very smitten with her baby daddy Matthew Koma. During a coffee run in Los Angeles on Friday afternoon she was seen planting a passionate kiss on the musician while she held onto his face

On a day where the temperatures topped 100 degrees in Los Angeles, the singer/actress looked undeterred by the heat.

The 30-year old, who is pregnant with her first daughter, was spotted getting cozy with Koma outside a restaurant in the Studio City section of LA.

And her baby bump was in full view.

PDA! The happy couple couldn't keep their hands off of each during their time out together

Reasons to smile: The blonde actress smiled a smile that said she was every inch in love

Deja vu: The So Yesterday singer was also seen kissing Koma in this Instagram photo shared on Thursday evening

Hilary was also not shy in showing off her growing tummy in a tight white tank top and burgundy leggings from Alo Yoga.

For an added youthful touch, she wore her baseball cap backwards with round sunglasses and grey workout sneakers.

She also had a a light blue button-down dress shirt tight around her waist and a beige and yellow purse over her shoulder.

Matthew opted for the tradition look that consisted of dark jeans, a blue t-shirt, white sneakers and a baseball cap.

Happy and healthy: Hilary was also not shy in showing off her growing tummy in a tight white tank top and burgundy Alo Yoga leggings

Keeping it casual: Matthew opted for jeans, t-shirt and sneakers

Hilary and her musician beau announced that she is pregnant about a month ago in a sweet Instagram post to her 9.3 million followers.

'Guess what guys! @matthewkoma and I made a little princess of our own and we couldn't be more excited!!!!!!' she posted.

They followed that up with a gender reveal video that actually took place on May 18 — Mother's Day.

Keeping cool: The former teen star sipped on a drink as the temperatures topped 100 degrees

The former teen star appears to have had a greater sense of self going into her pregnancy this time around. After she gave birth to her son Luca in 2012, Hilary was frustrated with her post-baby body.

'It wasn’t until my mind adjusted to not caring as much that I started to figure it all out,' she told Women's Health.

'I realized that I am never going to be the same again, and that’s okay. I’ve learned to be proud of what my body does for me, and what it did while I was pregnant with my son.'

She added, 'My body helped create a bond between us (Hilary and son Luca), and me being there for him in those first months of his life ultimately was far more important than me trying to get in shape right away... and that mental shift helped all the other stuff eventually fall into place.'

Greater sense of self: 'I’ve learned to be proud of what my body does for me, and what it did while I was pregnant with my son,' Hilary admitted in an interview with Women's Heath

Hilary shares co-parenting responsibilities of her little boy with ex-husband, retired hockey professional Mike Comrie.

The couple were married in 2010 before splitting in 2015. She began dating Matthew in 2016 before they parted ways only to rekindle their romance in 2017.

Hilary filmed the title role in forthcoming independent film The Haunting Of Sharon Tate before her pregnancy news. So far there's no word on when it will premiere.

Daniel Farrands wrote and directed the movie, which also features Patty Hearst's daughter Lydia and Mean Girls actor Jonathan Bennett.