'Solo' is expected to lose Disney at least $50 million, and become the first 'Star Wars' movie to lose money "Solo: A Star Wars Story" could lose at least $50 million for Disney and Lucasfilm, according to The Hollywood Reporter.

A Wall Street analyst told THR that "Solo" will lose more than $50 million, while other industry financing sources told the outlet that the film's loss could exceed $80 million.

"Solo" dropped 65% at the box office in its second weekend, and it is reportedly unlikely to gross past $400 million at the global box office against an estimated total budget that would exceed its gross.

The box-office struggles of "Solo: A Star Wars Story" could result in a loss of at least $50 million for Disney and Lucasfilm, according to The Hollywood Reporter.

"Solo" is reportedly unlikely to gross past $400 million at the global box office against an estimated $250 million production budget and marketing costs that likely doubled its total budget.

B. Riley FBR senior analyst Barton Crockett told THR that "Solo" will lose more than $50 million, while other industry financing sources told the outlet that the loss could exceed $80 million, depending on auxiliary revenues and the undisclosed, exact terms of Disney's deal for the film.

"Solo" dropped 65% at the box office in its second weekend of release, and its global box office total currently stands at $264.3 million, according to Box Office Mojo.

"Solo" also bombed in its opening weekend in China, as Business Insider's Jason Guerrasio reported. The film brought in only $10.1 million over Memorial Day weekend in China, a record low for "Star Wars" films in the country, though the franchise itself has historically never grabbed the attention of China, the world's second-largest movie market.

If it doesn't see a late surge, as analysts are predicting it won't, "Solo" will become the first movie from Disney and Lucasfilm to lose money.

2017's "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" brought in $1.332 billion at the global box office, while the first "Star Wars" spin-off "Rogue One" grossed $1.056 billion in 2016.

The first collaboration from Disney and Lucasfilm, "Star Wars: The Force Awakens," grossed $2.068 billion in 2015, setting off a renewal of the "Star Wars" series that is now likely to see its first miss in "Solo."