Jenna Fischer spots Kim and Kourtney Kardashian in Kyoto When The Office star Jenna Fischer went on holiday to Japan, there is one sight she likely was not expecting to see.

But as she showed her Instagram following on Saturday, Jenna, 43, caught sight of Kim and Kourtney Kardashian strolling through a hotel lobby.

'We found the Kardashians. At our hotel. I think they were checking out as we were checking in. So crazy. #kyoto,' read Jenna's breathless caption.

'So crazy': The Office actress Jenna Fischer caught sight of Kim and Kourtney Kardashian strolling through a hotel lobby in Kyoto, as she shared to Instagram on Friday

Kim emphasized her ample derriere in a tight pair of navy sweats, matching her bottoms to a bulky hooded jacket.

The 37-year-old reality star's hair had been partially died pink, and the whole do had been swept back into a high bun.

Meanwhile, Kourtney, who is a year older than Kim, let her wavy hair fall free and wore a loose fitting set of red, black and pewter grey sweats.

Naturally, both sisters were checking their phones.

The spotter: 'I think they were checking out as we were checking in,' theorized Jenna (pictured this January) in her Saturday Instagram caption

Kim and Kourtney, who have been joined on their holiday by their pregnant 33-year-old sister Khloe Kardashian, have been documenting the trip on Instagram.

Kourtney posted a photo Saturday of herself dressed in a silk floral outfit as she lounged on a cushion and tipped back a cup of tea.

A sleek and attractively laid out tea tray sat on the pristine hardwood floor in front of her, and she set her feet wide apart at either side of her.

The mother of three captioned: 'matcha addict'.

'matcha addict': Kourtney posted a photo Saturday of herself dressed in a silk floral outfit as she lounged on a cushion and tipped back a cup of tea

On Friday, Kim posted a snapshot of herself standing in front of a massive sign reading: 'CHICAGO' - which happens to be the name of her youngest daughter.

Kim and her third husband Kanye West, who already share four-year-old daughter North and two-year-old son Saint, welcomed Chicago via surrogate in January.

'CHICAGO IN JAPAN,' Kim captioned her vacation snapshot.

Khloe and Kim were glimpsed Saturday at Haneda International Airport in Tokyo.