Teen Mom OG’s Catelynn Lowell, Tyler Baltierra Expecting a Baby Girl Parents of girls! Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra are expecting a daughter, the Teen Mom OG couple revealed exclusively to Us Weekly.

Related: Catelynn Lowell’s Maternity Shoot: Pics Catelynn Lowell is bumpin’ along! The pregnant Teen Mom OG star shared her beautiful maternity photos taken by her husband, Tyler Baltierra, exclusively with Us Weekly and revealed the couple are both hoping for a baby boy. “I think we both want a boy for sure, but also we have Nova,” Lowell, 26, told Us, […]

“I was so shocked that it was a girl because I for sure thought it was a boy!” Lowell, 26, tells Us. “Tyler knew the sex before I did. When we did our gender reveal, I was so shocked I almost cried because I wanted a boy so badly. I’m super excited it’s a girl now. Since our miscarriage, I just am thankful to get another chance, and as long as it’s healthy, that’s all that matters!”

As for trying for a boy in the future, Lowell tells Us she and Baltierra, 26, have already “talked about trying again.”

“We definitely want to have a boy, but if God only wants us to have girls, then that’s just what it is,” she explains. “It will be a houseful of ALL girls! Poor Tyler!”

Related: Tyler Baltierra and Catelynn Lowell’s Relationship Timeline Stronger together! From middle school sweethearts to married MTV stars, Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra are committed to making their relationship work. After more than a decade together, the couple has overcome many ups and downs, including breakups, makeups, living apart and becoming parents. After meeting in the 7th grade, the pair began dating in […]

Us broke the news last month that Lowell is pregnant with the pair’s third child. The high school sweethearts, who wed in 2015, share 3-year-old daughter Nova and placed their eldest daughter, Carly, now 9, for adoption in 2009.

Lowell previously revealed during a February episode of Teen Mom OG that she suffered a miscarriage. The pair refer to her current pregnancy as “our rainbow baby,” a term used to describe children born after miscarriage, stillbirth, neonatal loss or infant or child loss.

She previously admitted to Us that her pregnancy was “a huge shock at first.”

“We were not planning it, especially after the miscarriage and how I went downhill with my mental illness,” she explained, referring to her struggle with depression and suicidal thoughts. “At first, Tyler was very shocked and nervous, but he obviously came around to it and was super pumped once the initial shock wore off and it sunk in.”

Related: Maci, Catelynn and Amber Reflect on 8 Seasons of ‘Teen Mom’ A trip down memory lane! It’s been nearly 10 years since Maci Bookout, Catelynn Lowell and Amber Portwood first let MTV cameras into their homes, and now, the OGs are reflecting on eight seasons of Teen Mom exclusively to Us Weekly. Teen Mom, later renamed Teen Mom OG, premiered in December 2009, months after Bookout, […]

Baltierra echoed his wife’s thoughts, telling Us in September that he was “scared” and “nervous since [they] were using protection.”

“After the initial shock wore off, I starting getting excited due to the fact that the universe obviously wanted this baby to come into the world no matter what!” he continued. “And after the miscarriage, this is truly a blessing … like every child!”

Teen Mom OG airs on MTV Mondays at 9 p.m. ET.