Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra Celebrate 12-Year Anniversary They’re living out their happily ever after. Teen Mom OG stars Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra are celebrating 12 years together, and Baltierra commemorated the anniversary on Saturday, July 15, with a sweet Instagram post.

Related: Teen Mom Stars, Then and Now! It’s been quite a journey for the cast of Teen Mom. The series launched in December 2009 as the first spinoff from MTV’s 16 and Pregnant. The debut season followed the lives of Maci Bookout, Catelynn Lowell, Amber Portwood and Farrah Abraham, who all experienced very different journeys during their teen pregnancies. On season 5, […]

Alongside a split collage featuring a recent photo and a throwback photo of the couple, the doting husband wrote, “I can’t believe that today marks 12 years together with you @catelynnmtv, babe you literally are the greatest gift this live has given me! We were only kids when we fell in love, but we were kids who knew what we wanted out of life & who we wanted to get it with. Not a lot of people get that opportunity or blessing at such a young age. Even though we were so young, I wish I could go back as far as I could just to love you longer!”

He added, “I am just so happy & honored to be your husband. I love you SO much!” ending the post with the hashtags #HappyAnniversary, #12YearsStrong, #SoulMates and #MiddleSchoolSweetheart.

Related: Teen Mom 2 Tots: My, How They’ve Grown! See adorable snapshots of Jenelle, Chelsea, Kailyn and Leah's little ones

The pair found fame on MTV’s Teen Mom in 2009 as high school students exploring an open adoption for their firstborn child, Carly, now 8. Through the years, viewers have witnessed the tight-knit couple experience many hardships, including Baltierra’s father, Butch, being incarcerated, dealing with the emotional repercussions of giving up Carly for adoption and Lowell’s battle with depression. Through it all, the couple remained strong support systems for one another and stayed committed to their relationship.

Related: Simple Celebrity Weddings: Stars Who Had No-Fuss Nuptials While some celebrities choose to spend millions on their over-the-top weddings, others keep it no-fuss, hosting far more casual affairs -- see a selection of simple celebrity weddings from the likes of Kelly Ripa, Jessica Alba, and Kelly Clarkson.

Lowell and Baltierra, who tied the knot in August 2015, also share 2-year-old daughter Novalee.