Pink announces Beautiful Trauma UK tour 2019: How to get tickets Your support helps us to tell the story Read more Support Now From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging. At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story. The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it. Your support makes all the difference. Read more

Pink has announced a series of massive UK and Ireland shows as part of her Beautiful Trauma tour.

The singer will perform six shows in 2019, beginning with a gig in Dublin on 18 June before heading to London's Wembley Arena on 29 and 30 June.

The shows, which are in support of her last album Beautiful Trauma, take place around Glastonbury weekend, which has caused a flurry of speculation that the pop star may appear at next year's festival.

Pink will be supported by singer-songwriter Vance Joy, KidCutUp and Bang Bang Romeo on all of the UK and Ireland dates.

Tickets go on sale at 10am on Tuesday 23 October – buy HERE.

The full UK and Ireland dates are as follows:

18 June 2019 – Dublin, RDS Arena

20 June, 2019 – Cardiff, Principality Stadium

22 June, 2019 – Glasgow, Hampden Park

25 June, 2019 – Liverpool, Anfield Stadium

29 June, 2019 – London, Wembley Stadium

30 June, 2019 – London, Wembley Stadium

Got sweaty palms already? Check out our handy tips for dealing with the demand:

1) Make sure you are ready and waiting with the web page up at least five minutes before 9am.

2) Do not let your computer, phone or whatever device holds the key to your happiness run out of battery.

Enjoy unlimited access to 100 million ad-free songs and podcasts with Amazon Music Sign up now for a 30-day free trial. Terms apply. Try for free ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.

Enjoy unlimited access to 100 million ad-free songs and podcasts with Amazon Music Sign up now for a 30-day free trial. Terms apply. Try for free ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.

3) Register your details with the website you are booking from in advance, if you can, but don’t panic if you haven’t left enough time as your tickets will be held while you fill out your information

4) Check how many tickets you are allowed to buy in one purchase. If you try to buy more than the limited number, your booking may be cancelled without notice, meaning no-one gets to go.

5) Get your friends to try too, but stay in contact in case you all succeed and end up with a bunch of tickets you didn’t want. If you do need to sell any on, do so at face value. No-one likes a tout.

6) Be patient and avoid refreshing or switching between browsers. Stick with one tab and have some faith! Be prepared to wait for an hour to get tickets