Riverdale's Lili Reinhart calls out 'Cosmopolitan Philippines' for Photoshopping her waist Rachel Thompson is the Features Editor at Mashable. Rachel's second non-fiction book The Love Fix: Reclaiming Intimacy in a Disconnected World is out now , published by Penguin Random House in Jan. 2025. The Love Fix explores why dating feels so hard right now, why we experience difficult emotions in the realm of love, and how we can change our dating culture for the better.

"It's sad that you felt our bodies needed to be slimmed down."

Riverdale stars Lili Reinhart and Camila Mendes had an important message for Cosmopolitan Philippines: Don't Photoshop our bodies.

Reinhart took to Instagram to call out the magazine for editing her waist. She highlighted the extent of the editing by presenting the image beside the U.S. version of Cosmopolitan.

Original image has been replaced. Credit: Mashable Original image has been replaced. Credit: Mashable

Her Riverdale co-star Camila Mendes's waist also got the Photoshop treatment.

Original image has been replaced. Credit: Mashable Original image has been replaced. Credit: Mashable

After posting both sets of unedited and edited images, Reinhart left a powerful message on the topic of body confidence.

Mashable Top Stories Stay connected with the hottest stories of the day and the latest entertainment news. Sign up for Mashable's Top Stories newsletter Loading... Sign Me Up Use this instead By clicking Sign Me Up, you confirm you are 16+ and agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Thanks for signing up!

"Camila and I have worked incredibly hard to feel confident and comfortable in the bodies that we have," wrote Reinhart.

"It's an every day battle, sometimes. And to see our bodies become so distorted in an editing process is a perfect example of the obstacles we have yet to overcome," she added.

Original image has been replaced. Credit: Mashable Original image has been replaced. Credit: Mashable

"So we cannot stop fighting. Out battle has only just begun. We are fucking powerful, beautiful, and strong...we aren't going to hide behind Photoshop to conform to beauty standards," she wrote in another Story.

"That's why I'm calling out @Cosmopolitan_Philippines. It's sad that you felt our bodies needed to be slimmed down. But Camila and I are fucking beautiful. As is. And you can't 'fix' us," Reinhart continues.

👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏

Featured Video For You 'Black Panther' was packed with amazing tech. Here's how the real world compares to Wakanda.