Amanda Stanton Addresses Mom Shamers Amid 'Bachelor in Paradise' Scandal 

Amanda Stanton is standing up for her and her fellow moms!



The Bachelor in Paradise alum penned an heated message which she shared to her Instagram story on Monday, responding to haters who accused her of being neglectful of her two daughters -- 4-year-old Kinsey and 3-year-old Charlie.

"I don’t normally like to address the trolls / mom shamers … but it’s so out of control!" Stanton, also a popular blogger, wrote. "I’d like to take a moment to clarify first of all that my kids DO have a father that is a part of their life."



WATCH: 'Bachelor in Paradise' Star Amanda Stanton on Josh Murray Reconciliation: 'I've Closed That Chapter'



"They spend time with him too. So if you see a photo of me without my kids one weekend and comment something like 'mother of the year' or 'wow shouldn't she be with her kids?' Well, there’s a VERY good chance that I can’t be with them because they’re with their dad."

Stanton shares her daughters with ex-husband Nick Buonfiglio. The two went through an acrimonious divorce in June 2016 -- three months before she appeared on season 20 of The Bachelor, where she competed for the heart of Ben Higgins.

She later appeared on the third season of Bachelor in Paradise, where she met and got engaged to fellow cast member Josh Murray, although they split up soon after. Stanton then joined the cast of the ill-fated fourth season of Paradise, which recently suspended production amid "allegations of misconduct."





WATCH: Inside 'Bachelor in Paradise' Fallout After Incident Between Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson



Stanton was criticized by some for deciding to go back on Bachelor in Paradise, and the 27-year-old reality star defended her decision to join the show.

"As far as Bachelor in Paradise goes, it doesn’t film for very long at ALL," she wrote. “I know it airs for 2 months … but it actually takes a lot less than that to film it. And alllllll the other days, weeks, months of the year, I am with [my kids]!"

"I am fortunate enough to be able to work from home and spend more time with my kids than most parents," she added. "My kids are my entire world. I am doing my best to give them a great life."



WATCH: 'Bachelor in Paradise' Scandal: Everything We Know So Far



The lengthy post came just after it was announced that production on Bachelor in Paradise had shut down, and all contestants, including Stanton, were sent home from Mexico, where the season was filming.

A source close to Paradise told ET that the show's suspension came after a producer became uncomfortable when contestant DeMario Jackson and Corinne Olympios allegedly starting hooking up in the pool after the cast had been "drinking all day." The source also said that "the show will probably be done. Like, for good."

For more on the controversy surrounding this season of Bachelor in Paradise, check out the video below.