The 16 Most CLIMACTIC Moments From the New Fifty Shades Freed Trailer When you’re in the mood to watch something sexy but don’t feel like falling into the usual will-they-won’t-they rom-com spiral (respectfully), allow us to suggest something a little... less vanilla. Enter: BDSM movies. Think whips. Think chains. Think power dynamics that will absolutely guarantee you a sex dream about your boss. Oops!

And while Fifty Shades of Grey is usually the first title people think of, it’s far from the only—or even the most interesting—option. From French arthouse classics to modern erotic thrillers and buzzy recent releases, there’s a whole world of kink-forward cinema worth exploring.

Before we dive in though, a quick FYI. BDSM stands for bondage and discipline, dominance and submission, and sadism and masochism. And contrary to what movies sometimes suggest, it’s not just about pain, leather, or secret sex rooms. “I think of BDSM as a structured framework for consensually exploring things like power exchange, restraint, and intense sensation play,” says relationship coach and kink professional Ally Iseman, founder of Passport 2 Pleasure. “The foundation is trust, clear communication, and negotiated roles. If there’s no real choice or ongoing consent, that’s not BDSM—that’s abuse.”

Which brings us to one important thing to keep in mind while watching: movies = fantasy, not instruction manuals. “This is edited entertainment, not education,” Iseman explains, noting that most films skip over the less cinematic—but very real—parts of kink, like safe words, negotiation, and aftercare. On screen, consent is often implied. In real life, it’s explicit. So while not every movie on this list depicts BDSM in a sex-educator-approved way, they do offer provocative, compelling takes on desire, power, and control. And yes, they’re undeniably hot.

Whether you’re planning a spicy date, looking for something to throw on during a girls’ night, or just want an excuse to stay home and watch something filthy with intention (and your favorite vibrator, fully charged), you’re in the right place. Below, the best BDSM movies worth your time, curiosity, and maybe a rewatch or two.

1. The Fifty Shades Trilogy

(Okay, yeah, so we just talked some ish on these ones. But look, we couldn’t not include them.) Chances are you’ve already seen Ana and Christian’s love story play out on-screen, and while it might not be the most realistic depiction of a BDSM relationship, it sparked mainstream viewers’ curiosity about the lifestyle. From shower sex to bondage to the use of Ben Wa balls, these scenes will forever live rent-free in my mind. No matter how many times you’ve indulged, the soundtrack still slaps, and the leads’ chemistry still sizzles.







2. Babygirl

Yes, it’s that movie—the one where a powerful CEO (Nicole Kidman) realizes she miiiight not be as in control as she thought once a much younger intern enters her life. While Fifty Shades brought kink into the mainstream, Babygirl offers a more modern take on power, desire, and who’s actually holding the reins. Are the metaphors heavy-handed at times? Absolutely. Will you wonder WTF is going on with the dog references? Sure. But between the charged dynamic, the unapologetic sexuality, and that now-infamous carpet scene (IYKYK), it will definitely make you look at hotel floors a bit differently.

3. Sanctuary

Christopher Abbott stars as Hal, a man with a humiliation kink who has degradation sessions with a dominatrix named Rebecca (played by Margaret Qualley). But Hal becomes CEO of his company and tries to end his arrangement with Rebecca to protect his job. And Rebecca...well, let’s just say she does not handle it well.

4. Belle de Jour

As one of Luis Buñuel’s most influential works, you’ll not only feel very aroused while watching Belle de Jour, but you’ll feel cultured as well. The eternally sexy Catherine Deneuve plays Séverine Serizy, a woman in a conventional marriage who craves sexual exploration. So what does she do? She gets in contact with the madame of a high-class brothel and begins living a double life as a sex worker. While her hubs is away, Séverine explores the world of bondage and domination with people who definitely aren’t her S.O.





5. 9 1/2 Weeks

Say hello to one of the most iconic movies about sexual obsession ever made. The '80s film starring Mickey Rourke and Kim Basinger follows a Wall Street trader and an art gallerist who have an instant connection that quickly turns very emotional and sexual. The flick touches upon everything from power and control to food play to public masturbation to learning how to define your personal boundaries. And if that doesn’t get you going, the retro style will definitely do the job.

6. The Secretary

Before Christian Grey and his red room of pain, there was actually another Mr. Grey whose BDSM desires were even more defined. The 2002 film starring Maggie Gyllenhaal and James Spader was one of the first mainstream movies to introduce everyday viewers to the lifestyle. What sets The Secretary apart—aside from the legendary cast—is its impressive blend of humor with hotness. While many of the other movies on this list are a little more serious, this steamy classic showcases sadomasochistic activities in ways that’ll have you giggling between your orgasms.

7. Love and Leashes

Two colleagues dive into a nasty agreement where they explore consensual kink, transforming their work relationship into one of intimate partnership. This charming romantic comedy, hailing from South Korea and available on Netflix, is directed by Park Hyun-jin and features performances by Seohyun and Lee Jun-young. The story unfolds around Ji-hoo, a seemingly perfect individual with clandestine BDSM interests, and Ji-woo, a boss babe PR team member who discovers his secret (she becomes his domme). This film strikes the perfect balance of sweet and sultry, making it an excellent choice for a fun-filled girls' night or a playful yet provocative movie date.

Watch Here



8. After Fall, Winter

You’ve been warned: After Fall, Winter is a little heavy but also relatable and poignantly sexy. It follows the suicidal writer Michael (Eric Schaeffer), who is in massive debt, so he leaves New York to find a fresh start in Paris. He finds it in the nurse Sophie (Lizzie Brocheré), who cares for a little girl, Anais, who is dying of leukemia. However, Sophie has a second job...as a dominatrix. Sophie and Michael enter an obsessive, combative, and passionate relationship loaded with epic sex scenes. If you're looking for something sexy, dark, and intellectual, consider your date night planned.





9. 365 Days: This Day

The 365 Days franchise, based on the novel trilogy by Blanka Lipińska and starring Anna-Maria Sieklucka and Michele Morrone, doesn’t exactly have great reviews, we’ll be honest. But if you’re looking for a fun, kinky, erotic thriller that’s still blowing up Netflix (and/or something lighter than some of the other titles on this list) you’ve found a winner. Following the 2020 Polish film 365 Days, Netflix released 365 Days: This Day in April of 2022, followed by The Next 365 Days in August of 2022. If you’re into dominant Sicilian mobsters, you’ll be over the moon.

Watch Here

10. Venus In Fur

If you’re looking for a salacious film that just begs to be discussed, Venus In Fur by Roman Polanski will leave you feeling some type of way. The 2013 erotic French drama is based on the Tony Award-winning play by the same name, and is about a writer/director named Thomas who’s casting the lead role for his upcoming play about sexual domination and submission. When an actress named Vanda Jordan arrives on the scene just as Thomas is closing up shop, she does everything she can to convince him she’s the right person for the role. The two engage in different scenes from the play, acting out various sexual situations while arguing about BDSM. It’s somehow funny, empowering, and sexy, in case you weren’t yet convinced.





11. A Dangerous Method

Spanking? An unlikely relationship? Keira Knightley in 19th-century gowns? Check, check, check. Set around World War I, Knightley stars as a student of Dr. Carl Jung (Michael Fassbender), who associates pain with pleasure. After getting a nod of approval from his pal Sigmund Freud (Viggo Mortensen), Jung embarks on an affair with his student to learn more about human sexuality from a very, ahem, hands-on perspective. If you’re looking for some solid spanking, it doesn’t get much better than this,.





12. The Story of O

Yes, another French film is making the list because it’s clear the country knows how to make some seriously erotic movies. In this 1975 drama, a woman (Corinne Clery) who goes solely by “O” is taken by her boyf to a château in the French countryside. But this is no couple’s retreat… It’s a society that specializes in and indulges all types of sexual fetishes and acts. It’s there that O is trained to be a submissive and learns the ins and outs of bondage and sadomasochism.

13. Nymphomaniac

Up close and personal, Lars von Trier’s two-part film follows a self-proclaimed sex addict as she recounts her sexual explorations and experiences throughout her life. The star-studded films include celebs like Charlotte Gainsbourg, Shia LaBeouf, Christian Slater, Uma Thurman, and Willem Dafoe (just to name a few), and offer a raw (and very explicit) look at someone immersed in BDSM. Both volumes are on Amazon and make for one very sultry double feature.





14. The Duke of Burgundy

It honestly doesn’t get much more BDSM than The Duke of Burgundy. The 2014 film centers around Cynthia and Evelyn, a dom/sub couple, and showcases their scenes and struggles as they try to find ways to quench each other's thirsts. Evelyn—who cleans the house and acts like a maid—wants more punishment, while Cynthia kinda wants to chill out a little bit. The erotic film showcases a female domme and will absolutely make you want to buy a new pair of knee-high boots.

15. Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down!

The sheer fact that Antonio Banderas stars in Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down! is reason enough to watch, but after seeing him tie up the woman he thinks is his true love, you’ll totally feel the heat. The problem is, his true love is a porn star named Marina (Victoria Abril) who doesn’t feel the same way. The film explores all kinds of themes like bondage, control, and dominance, but somehow works to create a humorous and wonderfully raunchy movie.