Sarah Jessica Parker Wants 'Sexual Beast' Ellen DeGeneres to Play Samantha in 'Sex and the City 3' Looks like Sarah Jessica Parker has even more casting ideas for Sex and the City 3.



When the 52-year-old actress was a guest on The Ellen DeGeneres Show on Wednesday, she shared her thoughts on who host Ellen DeGeneres could play in the third installment of the movie -- if it ever happens!



For fans who've been keeping up with rumors of a SATC 3, many are aware that Parker's co-star, Kim Cattrall, already nixed the idea of reprising her role of Samantha Jones. So when Parker appeared on The Late Show last week, she asked Stephen Colbert to fill in and play the fan-favorite character.



"He put me in a tough place," Parker joked to DeGeneres. "But now I'll offer you the same opportunity. I'm going to go across the lands [to ask]."



"There's a period of grief, a mourning process," she added of the thought of doing a third film without Jones. "And then perhaps we'll be able to consider, say, for instance, you playing Samantha."



DeGeneres couldn't help herself from chuckling over the idea, saying, "That is me. I am a sexual beast. I talk about it a lot, I do it a lot."



Although many would be thrilled for SATC 3, Parker told ET on the red carpet at the Golden Globes earlier this month that the possibility of a third film is unlikely.



"I mean, not as far as I can imagine. Unless... I mean, no," she said. "No. I struggle with it because it's a bit sad, but I think one must keep these things in perspective."



"I have a lot of incredible memories, singular memories, that are shared among those four women, and I'm incredibly grateful for the experience," she continued. "I forever love having had that time with those women."

Hear more in the video below.

RELATED CONTENT:



Sarah Jessica Parker Jokes Stephen Colbert Could 'Play Samantha' in ‘Sex and the City 3’



Sarah Jessica Parker Officially Nixes the Idea of 'Sex and the City 3' (Exclusive)



'Sex and the City 3' Not Happening! Here's What Sarah Jessica Parker and Kim Cattrall Had to Say About It

