Kendra Wilkinson enjoys night out with Tori Spelling and stars She filed for divorce with husband Hank Baskett last week.

And reality star Kendra Wilkinson seemed to be in good spirits on Tuesday in Calabasas, California where she met up with fellow famous moms Tori Spelling, Beverly Mitchell and Jessica Hall at the The Millennial Mamas' Mom's Night Out.

The former nude model and ex-girlfriend of Hugh Hefner, 32, displayed her toned arms in a green tank and ripped jeans during the event.

Scroll down for video

Good mood: Kendra Wilkinson seemed to be in good spirits on Tuesday in Calabasas, California where she met up with fellow famous mom Jessica Hall and friends for a night out. It was just a week after the former model filed for divorce from husband Hank Baskett

Kendra added aviator sunglasses for the bright day.

She reflected upon her happy day out with friends in a Wednesday Instagram, where she wrote: 'So thankful for friends right now. Laughter is the best medicine and yesterday i overdosed. Lol. Getting back to being Kdub again n feels good.'

The Girls Next Door persona was overjoyed to see fellow Playboy alum Hall, who looked lovely in a long pink dress while catching up with Kendra.

They hugged and took a selfie together before teaming up with the rest of the guests.

Casting her Spell-ing: The Girls Next Door star was joined by 90210 alum Tori Spelling, who charmed in a dark red floral duster with ripped jeans, a tight tee shirt, and buff booties

Old friend! The former girlfriend of Hugh Hefner as overjoyed to see fellow Playboy alum Jessica Hall

Close: They hugged and took a selfie together before teaming up with the rest of the guests

Big group! The gals were joined by some pals with Beverley Mitchell, Tori Spelling, Erin Ziering, Veena Crownholm, Kimberly Caldwell, Nicole Levine, Nikki Lund, Jessica Hall, Kendra Wilkinson and Chrissy Kling pictured from left to right at the event

Joining them was 90210 alum Tori Spelling, who charmed in a dark red floral duster with ripped jeans, a tight tee shirt, and buff booties.

The ladies goofed around in a series of Instagram videos, trying their hardest to fit all three into the shot.

Another social media clip showed just Kendra and Jessica with the NSFW caption: 'And now with my main b**** @iamjessicahall.'

The gals were joined by pals Erin Ziering, Beverley Mitchell, Veena Crownholm, Kimberly Caldwell and Nikki Lund for the event held at the Calabasas Commons shopping center.

Fun and games! The ladies goofed around in a series of Instagram videos

Get in there! Tori, Kendra and Jessica jumped around trying their hardest to fit all three into the shot

Earlier that day, the Girls Next Door unwound while drinking white wine with members of the Jersey Shore cast in West Hollywood, California.

She toasted to the single life with stars Nicole 'Snooki' Polizzi, Deena Nicole Cortese and makeup artist Joey Camasta.

Kendra went without her wedding ring on at a restaurant, just as TMZ reported her estranged husband Hank, 35, has responded amicably to her divorce filing last week.

Cheers! Earlier that day, the Girls Next Door unwound while drinking white wine with members of the Jersey Shore cast in West Hollywood, California

Hanging out: She toasted to the single life with stars Nicole 'Snooki' Polizzi, Deena Nicole Cortese and makeup artist Joey Camasta

Jewelry-free! Kendra went without her wedding ring while toasting to better times with the ladies of reality

Hank responded just hours after Kendra filed her petition for divorce responded with court documents that mirrored hers.

Kendra filed for divorce last week listing their date of separation as January 1, 2018.

She was seeking joint and legal physical custody of their eight-year-old son Hank IV and three-year-old daughter Alijah.

Kendra and Hank married in 2009 at the Playboy mansion with her ex-boyfriend Hugh Hefner in attendance.

Happier times: The 32-year-old reality star and estranged husband Hank Baskett are shown last June in Las Vegas

Marriage over: The San Diego native took to Instagram to announce the end of her marriage as she filed for divorce last week

She wrote: 'Today is the last day of my marriage to this beautiful man. I will forever love Hank and be open but for now we have chosen to go our own ways. I'm beyond sad and heartbroken because i did believe in forever, that's why i said yes but unfortunately too much fear has gotten in the way.

'We are both amazing parents and our kids will be happy n never know the difference other than seeing mama smile.

'Sometimes love looks funny. We are told to make sacrifices in life if it's true love well in this case it's me. I want to see happy Hank again... i miss that.