KUWTK reveals Scott Disick angry about Kourtney's new beau They both found love with models significantly younger than themselves.

And in a new Keeping Up With The Kardashians teaser posted by Kris Jenner on Saturday, the clip hints that Scott Disck, 34, experiences 'another episode'.

Scott's abnormal behavior comes after ex-girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian reveals she has made her relationship with new beau Younes Bendjima official.

Scroll down for video

Not again! In a new Keeping Up With The Kardashians teaser posted by Kris Jenner on Saturday, the clip hints that Scott Disck, 34, experiences 'another episode'

In the short clip, Scott is seen at a store with Kris Jenner as the mother-of-six observes him from afar.

Kris later consoles with a family member off camera by stating: 'He just seemed a little bit off.'

An other short preview revealed Khloe telling her friend Malika that the father-of-three is experiencing 'another episode'.

The teaser ends with a worrisome Kim asking, 'when is it going to be enough'.

Just looking: Scott's abnormal behavior comes after ex-girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian reveals she has officiated things with new beau Younes Bendjima

Not the same: Kris later consoles with a family member off camera by stating: 'He just seemed a little bit off.'

She cares: In the short clip, Scott is seen at a store with Kris Jenner as the mother-of-six observes him from afar

It was revealed earlier this week that Scott was angry at Kourtney after a heated phone call that took place at 2 a.m. this past summer.

In a previous episode teaser, Kourtney said: 'Last night Scott called me at like two in the morning. He never calls me late at night, ever, and he was just like ranting like, "What are we doing in life? What are you doing? What am I doing?"

'And I'll go, "But what are you doing?" Or then he'll say, "But what are you doing? Is it any better?"'

Oh no! It was revealed earlier this week that Scott was angry at Kourtney after a heated phone call that took place at 2 a.m. this past summer.

Shocked: In a previous episode teaser, Kourtney said: 'Last night Scott called me at like two in the morning. He never calls me late at night, ever, and he was just like ranting like, "What are we doing in life? What are you doing? What am I doing?"'

A new man: She explained she then told him that having a boyfriend who is 24 is 'not the craziest thing in the world', causing him to flip.

She explained she then told him that having a boyfriend who is 24 is 'not the craziest thing in the world', causing him to flip.

She added: 'And so he was like, "He's your boyfriend?!" And then he hung up the phone!'

Kourtney shares her three children with Scott; Mason, seven, Penelope, four, and Reign, two.

Meanwhile, Scott is also dating someone significantly younger than him.

Since the show was filmed mid 2017, the 34-year-old father has gone public with his relationship with 19-year-old model Sofia Richie - the daughter of 80s singer Lionel Richie.

The pair have enjoyed a number of romantic holidays together, including a sun-soaked break in Mexico last week.

Keeping Up with the Kardashians is on Sundays at 9pm. Stream in UK & Ire Mondays on hayu.

Repeating history? The teaser ends with a worrisome Kim asking, 'when is it going to be enough'

Kourtney shares her three children with Scott; Mason, seven, Penelope, four, and Reign, two