Former 'Bachelorette' Emily Maynard is expecting her third child There's good news for former "Bachelorette" Emily Maynard and husband Tyler Johnson — and it's familiar news: They're expecting a baby!

Just last year, the couple, who married in 2014, made a similar announcement. Now, eight months after welcoming a baby boy named Jennings, there's another bundle of joy on the way.

"Some might say I’m crazy. Some might call me a glutton for punishment. I’d say I’m a little bit of both," Maynard wrote in a blog post for People.com. "But more than anything, I’m just so excited for this summer to get here. Why you ask? Well … I’m pregnant. Again."

Maynard said that she realized that she'd given birth to Jennings "like, two seconds ago," and added, "I guess I should’ve read that part in the baby handbook that says you’re super fertile after giving birth, huh?"

But unexpected or not, she and Johnson couldn't be happier about their growing family.

"I said about two weeks after Jennings was born that I couldn’t wait to have another," Maynard explained. "I just had no clue it would happen so quickly! Some of my closest friends have had a really hard time getting pregnant and my heart breaks for them, so I’m just so grateful for this blessing God has given our family."

This will be the third child for Maynard, who also has a 10-year-old daughter, Ricki, from her relationship with late NASCAR driver Ricky Hendrick.

So much has changed in Maynard's life over the past few years. In 2011, she received the final rose from Brad Womack on Season 15 of "The Bachelor." But months after the finale, they parted ways.

MORE: 'Bachelorette' star Emily Maynard welcomes baby — see the first pic!

The following year, Maynard looked for love again on "The Bachelorette." But despite another seemingly happy ending with contestant Jef Holm, they too broke off their engagement.

In 2013, she met now-husband Johnson.

"I’m living proof that God has an incredible plan for each of us, we just have to be patient enough to wait for Him and His timing!" she wrote.

Follow Ree Hines on Twitter.