Keeping Up With The Kardashians: Kim not happy with Scott Kim Kardashian was less than impressed with Scott Disick on Sunday's episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians.

The 37-year-old reality star criticized Scott, 34, for going to Cannes in May with Bella Thorne, 20, while her sister Kourtney was there with new beau Younes Bendjima.

'They looked so desperate at the airport. Who goes to LAX together? It's not a good look for Scott,' Kim said to her sister Kendall.

Not impressed: Kourtney Kardashian was critical of Scott Disick's behavior in Cannes during Sunday's episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians

'He talked to me about it. He thinks it is and I said, ''Are you nuts? Are you actually not well?'' And he was like, ''Yeah, I'm doing it to make Kourtney mad.'' I said, ''You're not going to make her mad for the right reasons'',' Kendall said.

Kim later shared her frustration.

'I think it's clear to everyone that Scott's doing this just to try to one-up Kourtney and that seems super malicious,' Kim said.

She added: 'Kourtney's genuinely trying to go away and have a good time and he's trying to like freak her out and make Kourtney think there's going to be some crazy drama run-in. It's just so ridiculous.'

Bad look: The Kardashians thought Scott went to Cannes just to annoy Kourtney

Party guy: Scott showed up at the airport with Bella Thorne on his way to Cannes

Kourtney, 38, meanwhile called her ex Scott a 'psychopath' after he threatened to have people attack Younes in Cannes.

She earlier told her siblings how she was fielding requests from Scott to 'move in' with her and their three children.

'He's like, ''we could raise the kids together and have an open relationship'',' she balked.

Moving in: Kourtney told her sisters how Scott said he wanted to move in with her

Totally confused: The reality star admitted she was confused by Scott's behavior

'Scott and I are not in a good place, he's been partying…is he serious?' she asked Khloé.

Kourtney was due to take a trip to Cannes to hang out with her 28-year-old toyboy.

'I'd rather Scott did not know,' she mused, but Scott decided to go to Cannes with his lady friend Bella.

Cannes trip: Kourtney and Kendall went to Cannes together

'It is crazy that Scott won't leave Kourtney alone,' said Khloé.

'He's threatening me now, he's like ''your little friend is going to get beat up every single day when we're there'',' said Kourtney.

'He's ''like you're the love of my life'' and I'm so confused right now…' she added, calling her ex a 'psychopath'.

Dark and twisted: Khloe Kardashian said that Scott can be 'dark and twisted'

'He's dark and twisted…I can't believe he would stoop this low and speak to her this way, she's still the mother of his children,' said Khloé, 33.

Khloé then tried to call Scott repeatedly, but he wouldn't pick up.

'There's a lot of anger,' admitted Scott, who eventually answered his cell.

Big sigh: A conversation with Scott left Khloe sighing in her closet

'I never thought I'd ever go through anything like this,' he said tearfully, while admitting to being a 'hothead' and an 'idiot'.

'I'm not going to regret that, because it's how I felt at the time,' he said.

The trip involved Younes rubbing oil into Kourtney's swimsuit-clad body.

Holding hands: Kourtney and Kendall held hands while in Cannes together

Good times: Kourtney was joined by her friend Simon Huck in Cannes

'I'm not trying to throw anything in anyone's face, but I'm also not going to hide,' Kourtney said.

Kourtney earlier told Kim that Kim's assistant Stephanie Shepherd felt 'unfulfilled' in her job.

'I think that's a little bit inappropriate for her to talk to you and not to me,' huffed Kim, calling the move 'unprofessional'.

Candid conversation: Kourtney told Kim that her assistant Stephanie was 'unfulfilled' in her job

Things were 'awkward' with Steph as they planned outfits for Cannes.

Eventually Kim summoned the courage to confront Steph, who brushed it off as 'an in passing thing'.

Kim offered her the opportunity to have more responsibility in her businesses.

Face to face: Steph and Kim sat down for a face-to-face talk about her future

'I don't want me being friends with Kourtney to be like, a thing,' said Steph.

'You're my number one, I've got your back,' she claimed.

In another storyline Kim, 37, wasn't sure which way to sway in the Planned Parenthood debate.

Informed opinion: Kim wanted to have an informed opinion about Planned Parenthood

'I want to have an opinion on this but I just don't know enough, there's nothing worse…I do like to speak up on social media, I want to be more informed,' she said.

'I think we should go there and educate ourselves,' vowed Kim, after Khloé said she was 'pro choice'.

They visited Planned Parenthood in Los Angeles where it was explained that the 100-year-old service primarily provides 'life saving cancer screenings, STD treatments and birth control'.

'Ninety percent of the work we do is preventative care,' said Sue Dunlap, President and CEO of Planned Parenthood in LA.

Group meeting: Sue Dunlap of Planned Parenthood in Los Angeles educated Kim, Kourtney and Khloe about the 100-year-old group

They were asked to write their 'relationship declarations', but Kourtney struggled.

'She's been in an unhealthy relationship for so long that she didn't know what to write, I think it's time she figured out what she deserves in a relationship,' said Kim.

'She's not good at expressing her feelings,' agreed Khloé.

Relationship goals: The sisters were asked to fill out their relationship goals

They met a cancer survivor who had been diagnosed at PP, plus a woman who had considered an abortion but had been told to 'sleep on it' by an empathetic medic who sensed her apprehension. The woman ended up keeping her son.

They also met with a patient who had contracted HIV from her boyfriend.

Personal story: A woman who considered abortion shared her story with the Kardashians

Heavy topics: Kim, Kourtney and Khloe listened to stories from Planned Parenthood patients

'Hearing the stories was eye opening,' said Kourtney.

'I'm a big fan of Planned Parenthood now,' decided Khloé.

KUWTK returns next week on the E! network.

A recent resigning of the family's deal for $150 million means they will be on air until at least 2019.