The Rock meets his 10-year-old hero who saved his brother from drowning Send this page to someone via email

Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson has a lot of fans around the world but now he’s had the chance to meet his hero.

Ten-year-old Jacob O’Connor was invited to the Vancouver set of The Rock’s new movie Skyscraper after a story went viral about Jacob saving his two-year-old brother’s life.

The 10-year-old had recently watched San Andreas, in which Johnson plays a rescue helicopter pilot, and at one point rescues his daughter from a near drowning.

Jacob said he remembered Johnson doing chest compressions in the scene; he mimicked them on his brother, an act credited with saving the toddler’s life.

“There was an earthquake, then it caused a tsunami and then there was a daughter that was drowning and [The Rock] had to get her out and he did the same thing,” Jacob said in late August

Story continues below advertisement

A few days after the story went viral, The Rock invited Jacob, his brother and his mom to meet him in Vancouver.

WATCH: Dwayne Johnson invites boy who rescued his brother to Vancouver

0:59 Dwayne Johnson invites boy who rescued his brother to Vancouver

“Jacob, I’m so proud of you, so much so I have got to meet you. I have got to shake the hand of a real-life hero,” said Johnson.

Get daily National news Get daily Canada news delivered to your inbox so you'll never miss the day's top stories. Sign up for daily National newsletter Get Started By providing your email address, you have read and agree to Global News' Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy

The Rock flew Jacob and his family to Vancouver where they were VIPs on the set of Skyscraper.

Story continues below advertisement

The movie star said Jacob was nervous and shy when they first met but he eventually got some laughs out of him.

The kids got to eat all the chocolate and candy they could possibly want.

And he had a hug for mom as well:

Story continues below advertisement

Johnson also posted a video explaining the shirt Jacob wore to the set, which he made himself.

It had the actor’s bull insignia on the front and on the back was a picture of Johnson holding his two puppies, Brutus and Hobbs, after he had rescued them from the pool.

Johnson said seeing that “got him in the gut” because Jacob has such a big heart he put Johnson’s two puppies on his shirt even after he saved his brother’s life.

“What a special day. What a special kid. Thanks Jacob for being awesome and for being the kind of person we all aspire to be,” wrote Johnson on Instagram.

Story continues below advertisement

— With files from Simon Little, CKNW, and Katie Scott