Kate Middleton's family: Just how rich are the Middletons? Kate's family has eclipsed so many of their poorer relatives, so just how rich are the Middletons?

Shrewd operators: Michael and Carole Middleton

For a couple who own little more than a leg of a modest racehorse (it came sixth at Newbury on Friday) but have ambitions to increase their involvement in the Queen’s most passionate hobby, the news is good. Michael and Carole Middleton could be worth in the region of £30 million.

That is the notional figure City analysts put on the potential value of their Party Pieces empire — but only because it is now inextricably linked to the glittering world of the Royal Family through their daughter Catherine, a future Queen. Without that connection and its lucrative resonance, especially in the U.S., the company might be worth a quarter of that.

How ironic that were it not for Kate, Party Pieces and everything that has flown from it might not have existed at all.

For it was when Carole was heavily pregnant with Kate, her first child, in the late summer of 1981, and unable to continue working as a British Airways air hostess, that she started making up children’s party bags which she sold to friends and neighbours for pin-money.

‘I remember well how it all started,’ says Matita Glassborow, 63, a charming retired PA whose wine merchant father and Michael Middleton’s father were brothers, and who will be at the Westminster Abbey wedding.

‘Carole was very pregnant with Catherine and couldn’t possibly continue working as an air hostess in her condition. So while she was at home waiting for the baby she started making goody bags for children’s parties among her friends.

‘And the business just grew and grew, so much that Michael eventually gave up his own admin job with the airline to work with Carole.’

By the year 2000, a year before Kate went up to St Andrews and first met Prince William, the mail-order firm was on the internet, employed ten people and was handling more than 1,000 orders a week.

Today, thanks largely to an astonishing bounce brought about first by the royal romance and then the engagement announcement, business appears to be booming and Party Pieces employs 30 staff working out of two large converted farmhouses near the family’s home in rural Berkshire.

When the Daily Mail visited their premises last week a dozen trucks and vans as well as an articulated lorry were being loaded with orders.

Business is booming: Party Pieces employs 30 staff working out of two large converted farmhouses near the family's home in rural Berkshire

Meanwhile, Carole Middleton, who spent the first years of her life in a council flat in Southall, Middlesex, has been hunting with Michael for a house that is commensurate with their new status as in-laws to the future King — in-laws who, Prince William has made plain, will not follow the usual royal pattern of being frozen out of the royal circle.

In December they looked over Bolehyde Manor near Chippenham in Wiltshire, the 14th-century home of Earl and Countess Cairns — he’s a banker who used to be Receiver General of the Duchy of Cornwall — and on the market for almost £5 million.

The Middletons didn’t buy it, more’s the pity, because Kate’s new father-in-law, the Prince of Wales, would have felt very at home there. In previous years it was the marital home of a certain Andrew and Camilla Parker Bowles, and Prince Charles was one of its most frequent nocturnal visitors.

But clearly the financial ambitions of the Middletons are not to be underestimated. Within the past two weeks Kate’s brother James, 23, has registered no fewer than three new businesses at Companies House. They are Nice Cakes Ltd, Nice Wine Ltd and Nice Group London Ltd. Significantly, James has registered them all at the family’s Berkshire trading headquarters.

And they're off: The Middletons are part-owners of the racehorse Sohraab



Some, perhaps, will view the timing of this sudden rapid expansion of the family’s trading interests as naked commercial opportunism.

James, a university dropout, had already made one very smart move — his existing business, the online Cake Kit Company, has found its own berth, courtesy of his parents, on the Party Pieces website, where hits have soared stratospherically since the engagement was announced in November.

That month, new visitors to the website quadrupled to nearly 300,000. There was also a 25-fold increase in the number of people typing the words Party Pieces into the Google search engine.

Suzy Radcliffe, retail strategist at the Wolff Olins branding agency, believes that Party Pieces could be ‘transformed’ by expansion in North America, where the royal connection is invaluable.

‘The U.S. media is obsessed with the Royal Wedding — the sales uplift there could be massive, as the market is so big,’ she says.

At the same time, the Middletons have registered the websites under the names of their younger children pippamiddleton.com and jamesmiddleton.com.

They are angry that they weren’t quick enough to save their daughter Kate’s internet name. Currently there are 40 websites using variations of Kate Middleton (and one combining her name with Prince William) offering services from locating villas in Spain to lesbian dating agencies.

The wealth and business acumen of Michael and Carole Middleton have become the object of curiosity, as intense inside Buckingham Palace as it is outside, because they run their company in total privacy, its profits or losses available to no one but themselves.

Property: There is only a small mortgage on their house in the village of Bucklebury, worth around £1.5million



Party Pieces is run as a partnership, which means it does not have to publish its accounts or reveal any financial details. Most small businesses in Britain are run as limited companies, which means their accounts have to be filed at Companies House, where they are available for all to see as a matter of public record.

But being a general partnership, Party Pieces’ accounts remain strictly between the Middletons and the taxman. This arrangement has tax advantages because it means they are taxed as individuals through income tax and may pay lower national insurance contributions.

The announcement of the Duchess of Cambridge's engagement triggered an interest in the Middleton's business

The downside of a partnership is that, should the company fail, all their worldly goods — and their homes — would be at risk.

That is hardly likely to happen now. Besides, as one of Carole’s female cousins says: ‘Carole would never build up big debts. She comes from working-class stock and doesn’t like owing people money.’

This may explain why there is no mortgage on the flat in Chelsea they bought for £795,000 cash, which is used mainly by the children and is now worth £1.2 million.

There is only a small mortgage on their house in the village of Bucklebury, worth around £1.5 million. And when they bought several acres of land near their home in 2005, they paid the £295,000 in cash.

The question remains — how did they put three children through one of the most expensive private schools in the land, Marlborough College, where fees today are upwards of £29,000 a year, while their business was in its early stages and still quite small?

One answer could lie in a series of trusts and inheritances set up by Michael Middleton’s forebears. Kate’s paternal great-great grandfather, Francis Martineau Lupton, was a wealthy Yorkshire wool merchant who left an estate of more than £70,000 in 1921 — worth around £1.5 million today.

In his will, he specified that his money should be used to pay for his descendants’ education. The trusts still operate and are run by a firm of solicitors in Leeds.

Meanwhile, in recent times two modest inheritances have come Michael Middleton’s way. The first was £100,000 from the estate of his mother Valerie in 2006 (roughly the sum he is contributing towards the cost of next week’s wedding), and last year he received £97,300 on the death of his airline pilot father, Peter.

But the Middletons, consumed as they are with their burgeoning business, are definitely not all work and no play. Indeed, their social life has been developing at a pace since it began to look increasingly likely that Kate would be getting engaged to Prince William.

In 2006, approaching a period when Kate became convinced William was about to propose to her, her parents bought a share in a racehorse, Sohraab.

Trust: As a raw recruit in the royal stable, Kate is likely to appoint Pippa as her lady-in-waiting, just as Diana appointed her well-organised elder sister, Lady Sarah McCorquodale

They joined a syndicate of six put together by their close friends Tim and Gemma Billington, who live in the adjoining village of Stanford Dingley and who bred the horse.

The horse had failed to sell at the Ascot sales, so it is unlikely that their share cost more than a few hundred pounds, with monthly training fees of around £400 at the stables of another local friend, the Queen’s former trainer Hughie Morrison.

However Sohraab, whose other owners include David Cameron’s mother Mary, has done rather well — and the Middletons, often with Kate, Pippa and James in tow, have watched every one of its races except one.

The race they surprisingly didn’t see was on Friday at Newbury, a course only seven miles from their home. So, what kept Carole and Michael Middleton away? It appears to have been the presence of the Queen, who was there to see three of her own runners.

If Carole and Michael had been on the course at the same time it would have looked ‘pushy’, especially as the Queen would have felt obliged to invite them into the royal box alongside other guests, such as fellow owner Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Early years: Carole and Michael with Kate at her christening

Although it finished well down the field on that occasion, Sohraab has career winnings of more than £88,000, has won six races and been placed 11 times. As ever with the intriguing Middletons, a good investment.

Says trainer Hughie Morrison, son of the late Tory Grandee Lord Margadale: ‘Carole and Michael are enthusiastic owners who come to watch their horse on the gallops and attend the races when he runs. They were in Paris to see him at Longchamp two years ago.

‘Sohraab is the perfect syndicate horse who has given his owners plenty of fun. Ownership gives them proper days out at meetings like Royal Ascot.’

Racing has brought the Middletons many new friends, including former tennis star Tim Henman’s parents, Anthony and Jane. They are invited to the wedding, along with the Billingtons and the Morrisons.

And, unsurprisingly, there is talk in the racing world that the Middletons are anxious to expand their involvement in the sport of kings.

‘They love the racing world and racing people,’ says one senior Turf Club figure who met them at Ascot. ‘I would not be at all surprised to see them buying interests in more horses. And, of course, assuming they’re at Royal Ascot in June — perhaps with their horse running — they’ll have to be invited into the royal box.’

For Kate’s sister Pippa, 27, as well as James, these have been months when both have had to suppress their high-spirited ways.

James once borrowed one of Kate’s polka-dot dresses for a party and pictures of him on the internet have shown him pulling faces and even posing with his naked backside pointed at the camera.



This week, however, a new James Middleton emerged. Posted on his own Facebook site, he is pictured in a very different pose: a sober-suited and rather reflective young man who wouldn’t look out of place in a company report.

Humble beginnings: The first home of Michael and Carole Middleton in Slough, Berkshire, when they were first married

Meanwhile Pippa, her sister’s maid-of-honour at Westminster Abbey next week, continues with her two part-time jobs — editing Party Times, the online magazine of Party Pieces, and spending two days a week working for Table Talk, a London-based events management company whose clients include Asprey, Christie’s and Viscount Linley’s furniture business.

Having the sister of the future Queen on board has been anything but bad for Table Talk. In the commercial world, the Middleton name is described as ‘hot’ right now.

For Pippa herself, however, other business opportunities may have to wait. As a raw recruit in the royal stable, Kate will need someone close who understands her and whom she can trust, so she is likely to appoint Pippa as her lady-in-waiting, just as Diana appointed her well-organised elder sister, Lady Sarah McCorquodale.

So now, for the family Middleton, the stage is finally set. There is just the little matter of Michael Middleton’s family coat of arms, a necessary social accessory to enable Kate to have her own arms, a tradition for all royal women.

It is expected to be published tomorrow. All eyes will be on the family motto.