Prince Harry & Meghan Markle head to French Riviera for New Year It's set to be a big year for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, and the couple ensured they saw in 2018 in style having jetted to the French Riviera for their New Year celebrations. Harry, 33, and Meghan, 36, were spotted on-board a scheduled British Airways flight bound for Nice at 9.55am on New Year's Eve, the Daily Mail reports. In a bid to keep a low profile, the pair boarded ahead of other passengers and headed straight for the back of the plane, next to the rear toilets. They took up three rows of economy seats, either side of the aisle, and were accompanied by three "edgy and nervous" bodyguards. The Prince sat next to the window with a basketball cap pulled down over his face, while his fiancée sat next to him in a black beanie hat and minimal make-up.

GALLERY: Meghan Markle's first Christmas with the royals - see all the pictures!

© Photo: Getty Images

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were spotted on a British Airways flight to Nice

Upon their arrival in Nice, the couple are said to have been met by armed officers from the French border police, and are being protected during their stay by members of the country's elite Service de la Protection – the police unit responsible for protecting foreign dignitaries.

STORY: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's official engagement photos have been released

The news comes ahead of an exciting year for Harry and Meghan, who will marry at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle on 19 May. Preparations for the big day are already underway, with the couple said to have hired catering firm Table Talk for the celebrations – the same company used by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge for their 2011 nuptials, and also by Pippa Middleton for her wedding to James Matthews last May. Bookies are also already predicting a baby announcement from Harry and Meghan in 2018, with Ladbrokes offering odds of 5/4.

© Photo: Getty Images

It's set to be a big year for the royal family

Meanwhile, Prince William and Kate are preparing for the arrival of their third child in April, with Alice tipped as the name the couple will chose for the newborn, should the baby be a girl. If the baby is a boy, Albert is one of the top picks.