Celebrity book club: Summer reads Mary Cadden

USA TODAY

June 18, 2016 Updated June 22, 2016, 6:04 p.m. ET

Summertime and the reading is, well, mostly easy. Turns out, some of our favorite celebrities have some pretty impressive reading goals. But don't worry, there is also plenty of fun fiction too. Our intrepid band of bookworms is nothing if not eclectic in their literary habits. So if you are in the need for some suggestions on what to read next, here is a round up of what the CBC has been (and plans on) reading this summer.

Reese Witherspoon

As usual, Reese is all business, forget an actual reading list, she already has the books. And judging from what we see, she has a pretty interesting summer of reading ahead of her.

A quick rundown of the titles, The Clasp by Sloane Crosley, Wildflower by Drew Barrymore, The Story of a New Name by Elena Ferrante, we believe the next one is The Psychopath Test: A Journey Through the Madness Industry by Jon Ronson, The Testament of Mary by Colm Tobin, So You've been Perfectly Shamed by Jon Ronson and Why Not Me by Mindy Kaling. A pretty eclectic bunch of titles, from fiction to non-fiction to memoirs.

Earlier in the summer, Reese also read and recommended fellow club member Kimberly Williams Paisley's Where the Light Gets In.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

Celebrity book club: Spring break edition

Lena Dunham

The actress and newfound publisher spent the Memorial Day weekend with the novel The Innocents and Others by Dana Spiotta and Hilary Mantel's memoir Giving Up the Ghost. But no word on other books she plans to read this summer. You would have to check out her current Lit Thursday suggestions at her Lenny Letter.

While we don't have her future reads, we did find out that Dunham is a big fan of Nora Ephron, who was no stranger to our best-selling books list. We have a feeling she would heartily recommend each and every title.

Sarah Michelle Gellar

We have a newbie in the club this week, and we hope she will continue to share her favorite reads. Sarah Michelle Gellar - yes can't not say all three names - posted about a little something called #Readathon2016 a few weeks ago. How did we miss this? Well, thanks to SMG, we will know to look for next year's #Readathon.

SMG' is currently reading, Eligible by Curtis Sittenfeld, Orphan Train by Christian Baker Kline and one she is reading with her daughter Charlotte, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban by J.K. Rowling.

Emma Roberts

Herculean is the word that comes to mind when perusing this list. And as always, Emma impressive reading goals. For your reading pleasure - as well as eyesight - we include the titles and authors from her hand written list below.

The Social Contract by Jean Jacques Rousseau, A Little Life by Hanya Yanagirhara, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage by Haruki Maurakami, Of Time and an Island by John Keats, Play It As It Lays by Joan Didion, The Myth of Sisyphus by Albert Camus, Franny and Zooey by J. D. Salinger, The Goldfinch by Donna Tartt, In Search of Lost Time by Marcel Proust, The Sport of Kings by C.E. Morgan, The Atomic Weight of Love by Elizabeth J. Church and What I Talk About When I Talk About Running by Haruki Murakami. Yep, that is a mighty impressive list.

But don't be intimidated, Emma's recommendations run the gamut. If you prefer something on the lighter side of lit we agree with Emma and recommend Sweetbitter by Stephanie Danler,

Celebrity Book Club 2016: New year, new books

Kimberly Paisley Williams

As usual, KPW (sorry, but three names means you get to go by your initials, just ask SMG) does not disappoint and has adult and children's book recommendations.

First there is Time and Again by Jack Finney and My Brilliant Friendby Elena Ferrante for adults...

... and for children, A Long Way from Chicago by Richard Peck.

Emma Watson

Last, but certainly not least, we have Emma's Our Shared Shelf's book club. Emma has begun recommending the club's picks on Instagram.

The most recent book is Persepolis by Marjane Satrapi. But it has been a while since we have gotten the gang together and her book group also read The Argonauts by Maggie Nelson and, one of our personal favorites, How To Be a Woman by Caitlin Moran.

Happy Reading!