Kylie Jenner cuddles and kisses daughter Stormi as she details routine on tour with Travis Scott She is projected to be a billionaire in just a few years.

But it's the precious moments with her daughter that seem to matter the most to Kylie Jenner.

The 21-year-old make-up mogul took to her official YouTube channel to post a video documenting her routine before one of boyfriend Travis Scott's Astroworld Tour concerts at legendary Madison Square Garden in New York City.

Good times: Kylie Jenner took to her official YouTube channel to post a video documenting her routine before one of boyfriend Travis Scott's Astroworld Tour concerts

Adorable: The 21-year-old make-up mogul is joined by nearly ten-month-old daughter Stormi

An unexpected, yet adorable moment happens in the middle of the star doing her eyeshadow as she is joined by nearly ten-month-old daughter Stormi.

Kylie looks more than happy to be joined by the bundle of joy as she cuddles and kisses her in front of the camera.

Stormi was napping as her famous mother was working on her make-up but then after the bouncing baby girl awoke she was put right in front of the camera.

Kylie went cheek-to-cheek with the baby as she happily declared: 'Alright liner's on and Stormi's awake!'

Bonding: An unexpected, yet adorable moment happens in the middle of the star doing her eyeshadow as she is joined by nearly ten-month-old daughter Stormi

Enamored: Kylie looks more than happy to be joined by the bundle of joy as she cuddles and kisses her in front of the camera

Bright lights: Stormi was napping as her famous mother was working on her make-up but then after the bouncing baby girl awoke she was put right in front of the camera

The youngest sister in the Kardashian-Jenner clan then kissed the youngster on the cheek before rocking her back and forth for a cute mother-daughter moment.

The mother-of-one handcombs through the cute baby girl's hair as she looks at her and says: "Are you awake? Stormi's a little... a little tour girl, huh?'

She takes a pause from her tutorial to tend to her only child as she says: 'Okay I'm going to do her hair real quick and then we will be back to continue.'

It quickly cuts back to her make-up tutorial but with the added soundtrack of Stormi's adorable baby mumbling in the background.

Aww: The youngest sister in the Kardashian-Jenner clan then kissed the youngster on the cheek before rocking her back and forth for a cute mother-daughter moment

Sweet: The mother-of-one handcombs through the cute baby girl's hair as she looks at her and says: "Are you awake? Stormi's a little... a little tour girl, huh?'

Loved up: She takes a pause from her tutorial to tend to her only child as she says: 'Okay I'm going to do her hair real quick and then we will be back to continue'

Lots of love: No doubt Kylie's daughter Stormi is the most important thing in the world to her

After the reality star finished up her make-up - including using her Astroworld lip kit - she moved on to her wardrobe.

Proving that she enjoys life in the lap of luxury the stunner revealed that when she goes on tour with the 26-year-old rapper, they get at least three different hotel rooms.

She said: 'So, me and Travis have our own room, and then I always get a separate room for all my wardrobe and make-up.

'And also for Stormi, so she can play around, and have more space for when we're in hotel rooms since she always travels with us.'

What to wear: After the reality star finished up her make-up - including using her Astroworld lip kit - she moved on to her wardrobe

Must be nice: Proving that she enjoys life in the lap of luxury the stunner revealed that when she goes on tour with the 26-year-old rapper, they get at least three different hotel rooms

So she can play around and have more space': She revealed that in addition to a room for her and Travis as well as make-up and wardrobe, they also get one for daughter Stormi

Kylie said that she already has her specific outfits parsed out throughout the different closets so it makes it easier to choose.

The look she decided on was an oversized check grey jacket over an all-black outfit of leather trousers and sweater with beanie.

She was then joined by Travis as they braved the New York cold for a shopping trip.

The Sicko Mode rapper's Astroworld Tour will continue at Capital One Arena in Washington DC on Wednesday with dates around the country ending in Portland, Oregon on December 22.

Showing her style: The look she decided on was an oversized check grey jacket over an all-black outfit of leather trousers and sweater with beanie

Just the two of us: She was then joined by Travis as they braved the New York cold for a shopping trip