‘Queer Eye’ Stars AJ Brown and Drey Are Married Surprise! AJ Brown, who appeared in the fourth episode of the Queer Eye reboot, and his fiancé Andrey are married. During Netflix’s FYSee event on Thursday, May 31, Brown shared the news with the audience, which was then shared on Twitter.

Related: Celebrity Weddings of 2018 Cheers to the newlyweds! Scroll through to see which stars tied the knot in 2018 so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly Deal of […]

“The Fab 5 reunited with AJ + Andre, who revealed they’re now MARRIED!” the official account for Netflix’s Queer Eye tweeted on Friday, June 1, posting a photo of the show’s experts Bobby Berk, Karamo Brown, Tan France, Antoni Porowski and Jonathan Van Ness along with AJ and Drey.

During Brown’s episode, titled “To Gay or Not Too Gay,” he shares his journey of coming out to his family. He’s extremely scared to tell his stepmother, Haide, about being gay, and even more so that he’s dating Drey. However, after a makeover from the Fab Five and a confidence boost, he reveals the news to Haide – who accepts him. “I just feel really good about him and I’m thinking about possibly getting married, maybe,” AJ said on the episode.

Related: Stars Who Got Their Start on Reality TV The road to success in Hollywood is a little different for every would-be actor, but these days, reality TV is becoming a major launching pad for some of the industry's biggest stars. Before they were red-carpet regulars, NeNe Leakes, Jennifer Hudson, Julianne Hough and Lucy Hale were among those who broke through as reality stars

In February, AJ and Drey revealed they were engaged and the official Twitter account shared a congratulations video on their Twitter.

WE’VE GOT SOME NEWS THAT WILL MAKE 👏 YOUR 👏 WEEK!👏 🚨 AJ AND DREY GOT ENGAGED 🚨

😭 OUR GAY HEARTS ARE EXPLODING 😭 pic.twitter.com/Qqe0MWRvA4 — Queer Eye (@QueerEye) February 22, 2018

Queer Eye is definitely bringing people together. Exes Tom Jackson and Abby Parr from episode one got back together after the show wrapped and actually married – for the second time. Us Weekly got an exclusive look inside the March 27 wedding!

Related: LGBTQ Characters on TV LGBTQ representation on television has evolved every year since 1997 when Ellen DeGeneres became the first mainstream character to proclaim the words “I’m gay” on her sitcom, Ellen. Since then, more LGBTQ characters have graced the small screen — even receiving Emmy recognition for their storylines. Will & Grace introduced neurotic lawyer Will Truman to […]

“I was excited and happy! I was marrying the love of my life. Tom looked happy and excited as I walked down the aisle – I was looking at him looking at me and he was smiling as I walked down the aisle!” the bride, 52, told Us at the time.

The first season of Queer Eye is currently streaming on Netflix. New episodes will premiere on Friday, June 15.