Attorney for Shaun White accuser fires back over sexual harassment comments Updated Feb. 14, 2018, 10:26 p.m. ET

Olympic gold medalist Shaun White quietly settled a sexual harassment lawsuit against him in May — a case that got little attention until he was asked about it at Winter Olympics this week and minimized the allegations in it as “gossip.”

And now the attorney for the accuser is firing back in response.

Lawrance Bohm represents Lena Zawaideh, a former drummer for White’s rock band. Among other allegations, she had claimed White had sent her lewd text messages and forced her to watch sexually disturbing videos, including videos sexualizing human fecal matter.

“There are powerful forces at play which prevent Ms. Zawaideh from speaking about the allegations and ultimate outcome of the sexual harassment case,” Bohm’s statement said Wednesday. “Before Mr. White made his comment, Ms. Zawaideh believed that this matter was in the past, and she was happy to put the situation behind her so she can focus on her blossoming music career. Unfortunately, by his recent comments and conduct, Mr. White has minimized the problem of sexual harassment in this country.”

Bohm’s statement said White’s comment impugns his client’s character.

“No woman wants to be called a `gossip’ or a liar by the harasser,” Bohm said. “Minimizing sexual harassment maximizes the harm to Ms. Zawaideh. Hopefully, before our country declares someone `the best of the U.S.,’ there will be investigation and due diligence.”

Zawaideh filed suit against White in 2016, which White contested until its settlement last year.

After initially dismissing the allegations this week as gossip, he since has taken a more conciliatory stance.

“I regret my behavior many years ago and am sorry that I made anyone — particularly someone I considered a friend — uncomfortable,” he said in a statement released to media outlets. “I have grown and changed as a person, as we all grow and change, and am proud of who I am today.”

And he apologized Wednesday during an appearance on NBC's Today.



"I'm truly sorry that I chose the word gossip," he said. “It was a poor choice of words to describe such a sensitive subject in the world today.



"I'm just truly sorry. I was so overwhelmed with just wanting to talk about how amazing today was and share my experience, but yeah."

The terms of the settlement in the case have not been publicly disclosed. The settlement barely received any other media attention when USA TODAY Sports reported it in May, but after the “Me Too” movement raised awareness of sexual misconduct, the allegations have been resurrected on the global stage of the Olympics in South Korea.