Game of Thrones season 8 spoilers: Daenerys Targaryen and Khal Drogo finale twist revealed Game of Thrones: Jon and Sansa reunite in final season teaser

The HBO mammoth hit’s final episode will be a very sad day for devoted Game of Thrones fans, but it’s sure to be a cracker that ties up all the loose ends.

One of the major questions on everybody’s lips is what will happen to fan-favourite characters Daenerys (played by Emilia Clarke) and Jon Snow (Kit Harington). Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

The pair joined forces as allies in the final episodes of season seven before taking things to the next level to become lovers, but fans can’t forget about the mother of dragons’ first love Khal Drogo (Jason Momoa), who died in season two.

After watching season two episode ten, one fan put the startling pieces together to form an incredible theory for a Drogo return, despite the fact he and their son died.

Posting on fan forum site Reddit, the fan claimed one moment could be a huge foreshadowing for season eight. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

User Bronn of The Blackwater wrote: “I’m currently doing a re-watch, and I just finished watching S02E10. I just realised that Daenerys’ vision might be a big foreshadow. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

“In her vision, Dany sees the iron throne, she reached for it, but then decided to go north of the wall and found Khal Drogo with her son.

“I think the first part already happened: Dany had the opportunity to seize the throne, by fighting Cersei [Lannister], but decided to go North instead to help Jon Snow fight the Night King.”

The fan went on to speculate Daenerys will die in the show’s final episode, but it will be a bittersweet ending for the character?

Game of Thrones season 8 spoilers: Daenerys Targaryen to die and reunite with Khal Drogo?

Game of Thrones season 8 spoilers: Will Daenerys and Khal Drogo be happy in the afterlife together?

Daenerys will join Drogo and her son by dying because she decides to go north Reddit user

They continued: “So, maybe the second part of the vision will happen in season eight and Daenerys will join Drogo and her son by dying because she decides to go north.”

Elsewhere, HBO may have accidentally revealed the fates of King of the North Jon and his little sister Sansa Stark (Sophie Turner).

The American network released a first look at the pair in the latest offering of the fantasy drama, and it looks like there’s trouble ahead for the duo.

Sansa could be set to betray her older brother as the camera zooms in on the Lady of Winterfell’s face and she appears incredibly tense.

Viewers can see Sansa embracing her brother tightly, but as she looks over his shoulder, her face darkens and it’s clear the character is hiding something.

Game of Thrones season 8 spoilers: Daenerys Targaryen has developed feelings for Jon Snow

Sansa may be nervous about having to explain hers and Arya Stark’s (Maisie Williams) actions at the end of season seven to her brother.

The sisters concocted a plan to get rid of the scheming Littlefinger (Aiden Gillen) and he became the latest victim of Arya’s precious sword Needle.

Sharing their theories on Twitter, one fan guessed: “Is Sansa staring down Daenerys behind him?”

“Looks like Sansa is plotting something,” another worried fan shared.