Jenna Dewan Tatum talks about Channing Tatum seducing her Jenna Dewan Tatum got candid during an appearance on The Ellen DeGeneres Show on Monday - extremely candid.

In the episode, set to air on Tuesday, the 36-year-old dancer and actress opened up about the night her now husband Channing Tatum, 36, first seduced her while filming 2006's Step Up.

'He did this whole thing where he didn't want to be in a relationship, so I was like, "Look, if you want to date other people and be free, that's fine, but we're not going to hang out and watch movies. You've got to figure out what you want, because I know I want to be in a relationship with you,"' she told the 59-year-old TV host.

Stepping up: Jenna Dewan Tatum sported a strapless white Monique Lhuillier SS/17 mini-dress on Tuesday's Ellen Show where she revealed how husband Channing Tatum won her over

'So, three days goes by and he had gone out with all the dancers on Step Up, and he had this crazy, wild tequila night,' she added. 'He said he had the chance "to be free" and he couldn't stop thinking about me.'

'So he comes down to my hotel room at two in the morning and he's banging on the door, and I'm like, "What's going on?" So I go and open the door, and he's in a sombrero, underwear, Ugg boots, and he's like, "Let's do this."'

The pair eventually went on to marry in 2009, and have one daughter together, Everly.

But with Channing's Magic Mike Live show under way in Las Vegas, Jenna confessed their young daughter has already seen too much.

Rocky start: 'He did this whole thing where he didn't want to be in a relationship, so I was like, "Look, if you want to date other people and be free, that's fine, but we're not going to hang out," she said of her now husband

Perfect match: Jenna said Channing Tatum came knocking on her hotel room door at 2am 'in a sombrero, underwear [and] Ugg boots' while they were filming 2006's Step Up

'She's been to rehearsals,' she revealed. 'There's one dance that involves rain, and it's very sexual. She saw that in rehearsals. I was like, "This is... Hmm, I don't think this is good."'

According to Jenna, the three-year-old even tries to imitate her famous parents.

'There's been a couple of times where she's been like, "I'm dancing like Mommy and Daddy!" and she kind of does a little [makes thrusting movement]... We're saving up a therapy fund for when she's older,' she joked.

Things that can't be unseen... 'We're saving up a therapy fund for when she's older,' Jenna joked of the couple's three-year-old daughter, Everly

Fan girl: '[My mom] more than enjoys it. She's a groupie. My mom has seen Magic Mike more than anyone I know,' the brunette beauty confessed

And the brunette beauty says Everly isn't the only Magic Mike fan in the family.

'[My mom] more than enjoys it. She's a groupie. My mom has seen Magic Mike more than anyone I know... She flew out [to Vegas] two days before I got there by herself to see the show. Like, completely by herself,' she said.

'There's something that no one should ever see, and it's your mom getting a lap dance. Something about my life made this happen and I am still recovering. It's horrible!'

Horror: 'There's something that no one should ever see, and it's your mom getting a lap dance... I am still recovering'

Jenna looked stunning for her TV appearance, in a strapless white Monique Lhuillier SS/17 mini-dress with a corseted bodice.

She wore matching strappy white stilettos, and her raven-colored hair was worn loose in waves.

The Supergirl actress also said the family was planning on taking a road trip in an RV to celebrate Channing's 37th birthday on Wednesday.