Taylor Swift's 'Reputation': All the Kimye, Joe Alwyn, Calvin Harris, and Tom Hiddleston References It's finally here, people: Taylor Swift's sixth studio album, Reputation. And it was well worth the wait because the record is good, plain and simple—a delectable collection of techno-heavy bops with poignant, petty, and wildly romantic lyrics. Like all Swift albums, though, fans will most likely care more about the words to these songs than the sonics.

So that's where we come in: We went ahead and scoured Swift's new album for all the Joe Alwyn, Calvin Harris, Tom Hiddleston, and Kimye references—and there are a ton of 'em. Swift isn't playing games this time around, and we love her for it. Dig in.

Joe Alwyn

"Delicate": This song is one of many odes to Alwyn on this album. She references his blue eyes ("Damn, never seen that color blue"), the women in England ("Do the girls back home touch you like I do?"), and the brevity of their relationship ("Is it too soon to do this yet?").

"Dress": "Flashback to when you met me / Your buzz cut / And my hair bleached," Swift reveals toward the end of this song. Alwyn had a buzzcut while filming Billy Lynn's Halftime Walk, and Swift had bleached-blond hair for the first half of 2016. The "gold tattoo" reference could also be a nod to Alwyn's golden blond hair.

"Don't Blame Me": There's no specific references, but this entire song discusses how Swift's "drug" is her "baby," so it's obvious who this is about.

"King of My Heart": The "king" in this song is not American, because Swift says she's his "American queen." She also says this king "fancies" her, which is a British term. And we don't have to remind you that Alwyn is British.

"Gorgeous": "Gorgeous" is perhaps the most obvious tribute to Alwyn on the record. It includes lines explicitly referring to his accent ("I got drunk and made fun of the way you talk") and his eyes ("Ocean blue eyes").

"...Ready for It?": Our money's on this being yet another Alwyn song. The man on this track is "younger than her exes" (Alwyn is 26), and she references an "island." (The U.K., where Alwyn lives, is an island.) Also, the concept of "games" comes up in this song, which might be a wink to Alwyn's movie Billy Lynn's Halftime Walk.

"New Year's Day": There's no direct references here, but it's a very mushy, sweet love song—who do think is the subject?

"End Game": Similar to "Ready for It," the "game" reference here is a possible hat-tip to Billy Lynn's Halftime Walk.

"So It Goes...": Swift says, "I'll wear you like a necklace" on this tune, possibly referring to the "J" pendant she's been spotted wearing at the Reputation secret sessions (and at her best friend Abigail's wedding). Also, she talks about how she and this guy have done "numbers" on each other; Swift used numbers in the "...Ready for It?" video to reference herself (1989) and Alwyn (1991, his birth date).

"Call It What You Want": The most obvious Alwyn reference on this tune is, "I want to wear his initial on a chain round my neck," which references the "J" pendant mentioned in "So It Goes..." However, "My baby's fit like a daydream / Walking with his head down" could also be a shout-out to Billy Lynn's Halftime Walk.

Calvin Harris

"Dancing With Our Hands Tied": Swift references a locket on this song, and Harris infamously gave Swift a locket when they were dating. She also mentions she was 25 at the start of this relationship, which is how old she was when she started dating Harris.