Fredrik Eklund Explains Why He's Not Sharing Any Updates on His Baby Plans — For Now Fredrik Eklund shared a major update in the most recent episode of Million Dollar Listing New York. The real estate broker revealed that he and his husband, Derek Kaplan, were going to try again to have a baby with a new egg donor, new surrogate, and a new doctor.

How to Watch Catch up on Million Dollar Listing New York on Peacock or Bravo.

However, that's all that Fredrik is sharing about his journey with Derek to start a family these days. "This is one of the reasons that I'm so happy. We chose, I chose, not to talk about it. Sorry, boring answer. But I think that I shared so much for so long, maybe too much, which is important," Fredrik told The Daily Dish during a recent interview. "But I feel like what's happening right now, I won't talk about for a little longer. But it's a good thing, I think. It feels really good, you know? It's so beautiful, and it's very private. I'll share it when the time is ready."

Up to this point, Fredrik has been an open book about his road to fatherhood on MDLNY over the years, letting viewers in on his discussions with Derek about having a baby, their struggle to find an egg donor and surrogate, and their two miscarriages.

Related





But when you ask Fredrik if he regrets being so open about this aspect of his personal life, let's just say, it's complicated. "No, I'm not the type of person that really regrets anything. I think, once again, as we just talked about, it's been important for me to become who I am today and where I feel like I'm going, and I think that eventually, I'm gonna look back on all this and say it kind of made sense, it was meant to be this way. That's how I choose to believe life works, like everything has a purpose," he explained. "In the moment, in the thick of it, it was very difficult. To be honest, to be truthful, I did regret sharing so much, because it was hard. We had multiple miscarriages, and the first one, I share that on the show. And then as that was airing, we had our second one. So I was dealing with the second one as everybody was talking about [the first one]... At the time, it was like, why am I doing this to me and Derek? But it's gonna all make sense soon."

While we wait to hear Fredrik and Derek's big news, get ready for an all-new MDLNY on Thursday at 9/8c, below.