Prince Philip skips annual pre-Easter service with queen, sparks health worries Updated March 29, 2018, 2:57 p.m. ET

Prince Philip, Queen Elizabeth II's 96-year-old husband, missed an annual pre-Easter church service Thursday, setting off worry about his health, according to British media reports.

The Telegraph and People reported the Duke of Edinburgh skipped the annual Royal Maundy Service because of a problem with his hip. The queen, 91, did attend and handed out the coins that are a key part of the ceremony.

As he usually does, the prince was scheduled to join his wife at the service, held this year at St. George's Chapel at Windsor Castle, where their grandson, Prince Harry, is to marry American actress Meghan Markle in May.

Media reports cited a palace statement: “The Order of Service was printed some weeks ago when it was hoped the Duke would be able to take part. HRH has since decided not to attend.”

Buckingham Palace did not immediately return a message seeking comment from USA TODAY.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

Philip was last seen in public by news photographers in January attending a Sunday church service with the royal family at Sandringham, their estate in Norfolk.

Philip, who announced his official retirement last year after seven decades of public service as the consort to the queen, has still turned up for important church services and family events. But he's experienced several health scares in recent years, including during the queen's 2012 Diamond Jubilee celebrations.

Most recently, he was not feeling well enough to be at the official ceremony handing over his role as Colonel of the Grenadier Guards to his second son, Prince Andrew Duke of York, on March 22 at Windsor Castle.

The Royal Maundy Service, which originated in medieval times, is held on Maundy Thursday, the day before Good Friday. At the service, the monarch or a royal representative ceremonially distributes small silver coins known as "Maundy money" to elderly recipients in recognition of their service to the church and community.

Originally, the ritual featured English monarchs washing the feet of beggars in imitation of Jesus and presenting gifts and money to the poor.

The next Prince Philip on 'The Crown': Netflix crowns Outlander' star Tobias Menzies as the next Prince Philip

According to the BBC, this year 92 women and 92 men were presented with the coins, some of which marked 100 years since women got the right to vote in Britain.

The queen, wearing an electric blue coat and hat trimmed in black fur and holding a nosegay of daffodils, primroses, freesias, rosemary, thyme and ivy leaves, gave each recipient a red and a white purse.

The red one contained a £5 coin marking four generations of royalty and a 50-pence piece commemorating the Representation of the People Act 1918, which gave some women the right to vote. The white purse had silver penny pieces that add to a value of 92 pence; the queen turns 92 in April.