Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin share Mother's Day snap They famously coined the phrase 'conscious uncoupling' when they announced the end of their 11-year marriage in 2014.

But even though they're no longer husband and wife, it seems friendly exes Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, and Chris Martin, 40, remain the best of friends.

Sharing a photo on her Instagram page, the actress and her former spouse joined forces for a day out with daughter Apple, 13, and son Moses, 11, at the Museum Of Ice Cream in Los Angeles on Sunday.

Scroll down for video

Family affair: Friendly exes Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin enjoyed a day out with daughter Apple, 13, and son Moses, 11, at the Museum Of Ice Cream in Los Angeles on Sunday

Celebrating both Apple's birthday and Mother's Day, the family looked as though they were having a blast on their day out at the museum, billed as a 'place where flavours are mysteries and toppings are toys'.

The Coldplay frontman looked to be enjoying the company of daughter Apple and son Moses along with beaming ex-wife Gwyneth.

The youngster was bearing a remarkable similarity to her actress mother, proving the apple doesn't fall too far from the tree.

Alongside the snap, Gwyneth wrote: 'Best Apple's birthday/Mother's Day EVER at the @museumoficecream @autumncomm SO FUN #goopgo #dtla.'

Mini me: The family were celebrating celebrating both Apple's birthday and Mother's Day as they enjoyed their day out at the museum

Apple was pictured in a pink hoodie with leopard print leggings and UGG boots.

Moses donned an equally sporty look with a darker pink hoodie with navy and black tracksuit bottoms and black Jeezy trainers.

Chris looked laid back in black skinny jeans and a vintage white t-shirt.

He rocked up the look with a blue G-Shock watch and blue and white Air Jordan trainers.

Fashionista Gwyneth looked chic in a floral maxi skirt and fitted black vest.

In 2014, Gwyneth told readers of her website of her impending divorce after 11 years of marriage.

Divorce: Gwyneth and Chris broke the news of their marital split in March 2014 writing 'it is with hearts full of sadness that we have decided to separate'

Gwyneth and Chris broke the news of their marital split in March 2014, writing: 'It is with hearts full of sadness that we have decided to separate.'

They went on to explain that the split had been on the cards for 'well over a year' and that in many ways they were closer than ever.

She described the process as 'conscious uncoupling'.

'We have always conducted our relationship privately, and we hope that as we consciously uncouple and co-parent, we will be able to continue in the same manner,' the statement continued.

But since the couple's heartbreaking split it appears the family unit is stronger than ever.

Happy together: Since the couple's heartbreaking split in March 2014 after 11 years of marriage it appears the family unit is stronger than ever

According to the teachings of conscious uncoupling, humans simply aren't meant to stay married for so long.

They point toward the exponential increase in lifespan that humans have experienced in the last century or so: 'We’re living three lifetimes compared to early humans, perhaps we need to redefine the construct.

'Social research suggests that because we’re living so long, most people will have two or three significant long-term relationships in their lifetime.

'Our biology and psychology aren’t set up to be with one person for four, five, or six decades.'

Gwyneth has since moved on with Glee co-creator Brad Falchuk, 46, who she's been dating since 2014.

Chris has been dating actress Annabelle Wallis, 32, for the past 18 months, and enjoyed a brief romance with Hollywood leading lady Jennifer Lawrence, 26, in the summer of 2015.