Anna Wintour's daughter Bee Shaffer debuts engagement ring The daughter of one of the most fashionable forces to be reckoned with would naturally have a pretty eye-catching engagement ring — and Bee Shaffer did not disappoint when she debuted her rock on the red carpet on Monday night.

The 29-year-old daughter recently got engaged to 34-year-old Francesco Carrozzini — who, as the son of the late Vogue Italia editor Franca Sozzani, is also fashion family royalty — and the lovebirds made their red carpet debut at the Met Gala.

Bee certainly looked stunning in her silk Alexander McQueen floor-sweeper, which featured a patchwork of painted designs — but it was her bling that was the most noteworthy item of her ensemble.

Rockin' that rock! Bee Shaffer showed off her engagement ring on the red carpet for the first time on Monday night

In love: The 29-year-old also made her red carpet debut with her fiancé, Francesco Carrozzini

Lover here! Though her necklace and earrings were undoubtedly pricey, it was her diamond - encircled by smaller diamonds and set in yellow gown - that was the most eye-catching

Striking: She wore a patchwork Alexander McQueen number for the occasion

The public first found out that Bee was engaged in March, thanks to an Instagram photo that offered viewers a glimpse at the ring.

Shared in her friend Selby Drummond's Instagram Story, the black-and-white snap showed Bee trying on some shoes in what appears to be a fashion closet at Vogue, and added the hashtag #francescoblackandwhite — a hashtag Francesco uses often on his own Instagram.

Eagle-eyed 'grammers caught the flash of diamond in the snap, at Vogue later confirmed the news.

Now, a month and a half later, the duo has gone totally public, walking together on the red carpet at the Met Gala.

Love-dovey: Her husband-to-bee, Francesco, kept her close as they posed for the camera

Surprise! The two got engaged earlier this year and had been secretly dating for a while

Offspring: Francesco is the son of the late Vogue Italia editor Franca Carrozzini

Francesco, in a blue tux, kept his wife to be close with hand around her waist as they face the photographers. Bee, meanwhile, occasionally posed with her left hand on her hip, offering the cameras an obscured look at her diamond.

The ring features an unusually think, flat yellow gold setting and a large, round center stone, which is surrounded by 14 smaller stones.

Whether the ring is by a famous jeweler or a family heirloom is as yet unknown.

Basking in their first appearance since agreeing to get hitched, the couple walked the carpet toward the Wintour Costume Center, which was re-named after the Vogue editrix in 2014.

Iconic: Vogue Editor-in-Chief Anna Wintour opted for a multi-textured dress that featured sequins, fur and embroidery

All hail: The Met Gala chair dazzled in her gown as her daughter took the carpet with Francesco

Bee's mom Anna, meanwhile, wore a custom Chanel dress covered in glitzy sequins. As is her habit, the host eschewed the theme — Rei Kawakubo/Commes Des Garcons: Art of the In-Between — and stuck to her signature classic, feminine style.

She finished off her look with a chunky necklace, a pretty pink lip, and her trademark sleek bob — choosing, wisely, to leave her infamous dark sunglasses at home for the ritzy occasion.

Bee and her husband-to-be were first linked just last year, soon before his mother, Vogue Italia editor Franca Sozzani, passed away in December following a year-long illness.

Stunning: Bee made quite the impression as she showed off the long train of her dress on the stairs leading up to the gala event

Whoops! News of their engagement was made public in March when a friend shared this picture of Bee - and her ring - on her Instagram story

Franca, who died before Christmas at the age of 66, had edited Italian Vogue since 1988, taking up the position in the same month that Anna took over Vogue in the US.

Anna wrote a heartfelt letter of remembrance after Franca's passing, saying of her friend: 'Franca was warm, clever, funny, and someone who could give the Sphinx a run for its money when it comes to keeping a confidence.

'She was also the hardest-working person I have known, and with an envy-inducing ease with multitasking.'