Gabrielle Union feels the Heat as she frolics in Miami with NBA boyfriend Dwayne Wade in tiny bikini Gabrielle Union feels the Heat as she frolics in Miami with NBA boyfriend Dwayne Wade in tiny bikini



Gabrielle Union positively sizzled in Miami yesterday as she Heated up the surf in a little black bikini.

The 37-year-old actress showed off her toned physique as she frolicked in the surf with her basketball playing boyfriend Dwayne Wade.

Accessorising her beach look with a brown fedora hat and dark glasses, Gabrielle was glowing in the Florida sunshine.

Gorgeous: Gabrielle Union showed off her toned physique in a tiny bikini yesterday while frolicking on the beach in Miami



Loyal fan: The 37-year-old actress showed her support for boyfriend Dwayne Wade by wearing bikini bottoms emblazoned with the logo of his basketball team Miami Heat



She showed her support for her man's team by wearing bikini bottoms with the Miami Heat logo emblazoned on the back.

It was a family affair for the afternoon as Gabrielle played with the Wade's two sons, Zaire, nine, and Zion, four.

The loved up couple, who have been dating for a few years, had a laugh and as they splashed in the water.

The look of love: Dwayne could not keep his eyes off his curvy lady

Notable: Gabrielle is best known for her roles in Bad Boys II, Cadillac Records and a recurring role on Ugly Betty



Fitting in: Gabrielle has been dating Wade for several years and looked comfortable around his children from his first marriage







Wade also showed off his toned body and his six-pack abs were on clear display.

He threw his youngest son up in the air, much to his delight, and was a doting father carrying Zion on his shoulders while he paddled around.

Gabrielle is best known for her roles in Bring It On, Bad Boys II and Cadillac Records where she starred alongside Beyonce.

The Ugly Betty actress sprung to Rihanna's defence earlier this year over the singer's controversial video for Man Down.

Enjoying Labor Day weekend: Gabrielle and Dwayne spent some time relaxing on the sand before heading home



She said that she understood why Rihanna portrayed the revenge killing of a rapist because she too tried to shoot the man who raped her when she was just 19-years-old.

Union opened up about her harrowing experience after a fan asked her what she thought of the controversial scene in Man Down, which shows the singer murdering a man after he tried to rape her.

A few days later, Union tweeted a response saying: 'Saw 'Man Down' by @rihanna. Every victim/survivor of rape is unique, including how they THINK they'd like justice 2 be handed out.'

She went on to say: 'During my rape I tried 2 shoot my rapist, bt I missed. Over the yrs I realized tht killin my rapist would've added insult 2 injury.

That's my boy: The Miami Heat star threw his son in the air who giggled in delight



Toned: Dwayne showed off his killer abs as he ushered his son Zion out of the water

'The DESIRE 2 kill someone whose abused/raped u is understandable, bt unless its self defence n the moment 2 save ur life, just ADDS 2 ur troubles.'

Her confession garnered a slew of supportive tweets from followers and questions about the incident.

‘Stranger who robbed the store I worked at,’ she said, identifying her rapist. ‘He put his gun dwn durin the rape &asked me 2 [hand] it 2 him.’