Chloe Green denies she is engaged to Jeremy Meeks They sent tongues wagging after appearing to hint at a proposal in a series of loved-up videos this week.

But Chloe Green has denied she is engaged to Jeremy Meeks, despite waving a huge faux engagement ring at the camera on Wednesday.

The Topshop heiress, 26, confirmed she had not taken her controversial relationship with the 33-year-old former felon to the next level, in a statement to MailOnline.

Scroll down for video

Blinging: Chloe Green has denied she is engaged to Jeremy Meeks, despite waving a huge faux engagement ring at the camera on Wednesday

'Chloe is not engaged,' her representative confirmed of the pictures.

The news comes after Jeremy shared a number of confusing videos to his social media.

Taken as they embarked on a sun-soaked day out in Nobu, Malibu, the Phillip Plein model was seen hugging his British belle as they canoodled on the beach.

Beaming at the camera, Chloe brandished a huge square cushion-cut diamond on her ring finger, set on a diamond band.

No proposal: The Topshop heiress, 26, confirmed she had not taken her controversial relationship with the 33-year-old former felon to the next level, in a statement to MailOnline

As she giggled at the camera, she appeared to snatch her hand out of the shot quickly, before the duo smirked at the camera together.

This came after Jeremy documented their ride to the picturesque California city together, proudly showing off the Porsche logo as he took the wheel of their plush ride.

Dancing along to the radio, the duo appeared in the blissful throes of new love.

And having arrived at plush eatery Nobu, Chloe shared a loved-up boomerang as they enjoyed a romantic walk on the beach before heading into the ocean-side restaurant.

'Chloe is not engaged,' her representative confirmed of the confusing Instagram pictures

Loved up: Taken as they embarked on a sun-soaked day out in Nobu, Malibu, the Phillip Plein model was seen hugging his British belle as they enjoyed a day on the beach

Dressed in a simple black strappy dress and cap, she held hands with Jeremy, who showed off his rippling physique in an all-khaki ensemble.

Despite the shockwaves their romance caused after the couple were spotted canoodling on a yacht in Turkey while Jeremy was still married to mother-of-three Melissa Meeks, the duo's relationship appears to be going from strength to strength.

Meanwhile after Jeremy began the month by publicly parading his romance with heiress Chloe as they enjoyed carnival during a sunny Barbados holiday, his estranged wife Melissa Meeks appeared to take their continuous insensitivity in her stride as she took to Instagram to show off her sizzling physique last wek.

The brave nurse, 38, appeared to be beginning a post break-up body make-over, posing in her underwear as she showed off her already enviable figure.

Hiding something? Beaming at the camera, Chloe brandished a huge square cushion-cut diamond on her ring finger, set on a diamond band- before snatching her hand out of the shot

Moving on: Meanwhile Jeremy's estranged wife Melissa took to Instagram to show off her sizzling physique last week as she appeared to be beginning a post break-up body make over

Dressed in a black thong, the nurse proudly displayed her toned derriere and flat stomach, teasing a glimpse of her red lace bra.

'Day 1. Week 1. #letsseehowthisgoes', she captioned the racy snap.

And Melissa garnered an influx of supportive messages from followers, who slammed the actions of Jeremy- who Melissa stayed with during his lengthy prison stint.

Official: This comes two weeks after Jeremy posted his first public snap with new girlfriend Chloe, heiress to billionaire father Sir Phillip Green's retail fortune at the Barbados carnival

This comes two weeks after Jeremy posted his first public snap with new girlfriend Chloe, heiress to billionaire father Sir Phillip Green's retail fortune.

Turning off the comments to the snap, Jeremy tagged girlfriend Chloe, who was forced to turn her profile private after facing a barrage of backlash when their relationship was exposed while he was still married to Melissa.

The duo enjoyed the extended sun-soaked vacation in Barbados, attending the carnival in skimpy ensembles, as they put their controversial relationship on display for cameras.

Their public parading came after a string of outings, including one which saw Jeremy pose for his girlfriend's Topshop retail line in LA, around the same time his heartbroken wife celebrated her birthday.

Supportive: Melissa garnered an influx of supportive messages from followers, who slammed the actions of Jeremy- who Melissa stayed with during his lengthy prison stint

No holding back: Last month Melissa Meeks gave a rare insight into her life post-Jeremy Meeks, as she took to Instagram in a lengthy tirade

And despite staying maintaining a largely dignified silence over her estranged husband's actions, in July Melissa gave a rare insight into her life post-Jeremy Meeks, as she took to Instagram in a lengthy tirade.

The mother-of-three, who shares a seven-year-old son with the 33-year-old felon turned model, let rip just days after he continued to parade his romance with British Topshop heiress Chloe Green, 26.

Taking to Instagram, the nurse shared a snapchot which read: 'I fed mouths that talked sh** about me. I wiped tears from the same people that caused mine. Picked up people that tried to knock me down. Did favours for those who couldn't do sh** for me. Been there for the ones that left me. Crazy? Maybe.'

Insensitive? The mother-of-three, 38, who shares a 7-year-old son with the 33-year-old felon turned model, let rip just days after he continued to parade his romance with Chloe Green, 26

Proving she was taking the high road, the brave beauty concluded: 'But I don't lose myself in the hatred of others. I continue to be me because I can't change who I am. Life ain't easy but through the bullsh** I remain solid. Because I know god got big plans for me.'

'Saw this and felt how REAL it was, so I wanted to share it... #haveablessedday #remember #keepitsolid', she captioned the picture.

And as Chloe and Jeremy engaged in another public round of PDA, wife Melissa finally removed reference to Jeremy on her Instagram bio.

Previously describing herself as 'Wife to Jeremy Meeks' along with a ring emoji, the pretty nurse removed reference to him, keeping the remainder of the bio as 'Blessed beyond belief.. Dedicated to everything I do... Me and my Fam'.

Jeremy sent shock waves across the internet when pictures emerged of him kissing Chloe Green on a yacht in Turkey in June.

Mingling with the A list: The model mingled with the likes of superstar rapper Nicki Minaj in Cannes in May- when he reportedly met Chloe

Famous friends: Jeremy mingled with socialite Paris Hilton as he modelled for Philip Plein

The duo reportedly met during the Cannes Film Festival in May, where Jeremy was modelling for Phillip Plein.

And in July Jeremy filed for legal separation from mother-of-three Melissa, who he shares her youngest son with.

He was married to the nurse, who stayed with him throughout his stint in prison, for eight years.

Former flames: One of the few remaining pictures left on Melissa's Instagram of the duo shows them kissing just weeks before pictures of him with Chloe surfaced

No longer 'Wife of Jeremy Meeks': After they filed for separation, Melissa finally removed reference to Jeremy on her Instagram bio

She later told the Mail of her devastation, admitting that her husband had been seduced by the glamour of his newfound modelling career.

‘I know it takes two to tango but she knew he was married. To me, that’s unforgivable. My whole world has been torn apart by this. What do I tell our children? My heart is broken.

‘What sort of woman would do something like this to another woman? My marriage wasn’t perfect but I thought it could be saved, until this happened.

‘Of course I’m angry at her. What she did is unforgivable. And I’m angry at him too. What they did destroyed my entire world.

Life of luxury: Meeks sent tongues wagging after pictures emerged of him kissing British Topshop heiress Chloe Green on a yacht in Turkey in June

‘Did either of them think about the children and how this will affect them? They’re the innocent victims in this. And so am I.’

Melissa is mother to his biological child Jeremy Jr, seven, and Robert, 11, Melissa’s son from a previous relationship. She also has a daughter, 16-year-old Ellie, and says both stepchildren consider Meeks a father figure.

Meeks and Chloe, who is heir to her father Sir Philip's billions, were pictured sharing the intimate kiss aboard a £112,000-a-week yacht in Bodrum.

Family: Melissa is mother to his biological child Jeremy Jr, seven, and Robert, 11, Melissa’s son from a previous relationship. She also has a daughter, 16-year-old Ellie, and says both stepchildren consider Meeks a father figure

At the time he was still with his wife of eight years, who was seemingly unaware of his new romance until pictures surfaced.

And fans quickly turned on the duo, accusing Chloe of breaking up a marriage.

Chloe was soon forced to delete her Instagram, after followers trolled a gloating post she shared as she snuggled up to married Jeremy.

However she since returned to the social media site, changing her settings to private.

Meeks too has edited his account, deleting all photographs of him and Melissa, which has not gone down with the fans who fell in love with his good looks after his California mugshot went viral in 2014.

Holding him hostage? Chloe took to Instagram in June, sharing a a photo with Meeks and his manager, before deleting her account due to the backlash

Meeks, whose looks have earned him a huge fan base, made his first official modelling appearance at New York fashion week this year, and has certainly turned his life around in an impressive way since his release from prison.

However his journey to stardom hasn't been all smooth-sailing, after he was recently barred from entry to the UK after arriving at London's Heathrow airport from New York.

The California native shot to fame in 2014 when the Stockton Police Department posted his mugshot on their website, following his arrest for gang activity and a misdemeanour charge of resisting/obstructing justice.

The photo promptly went viral, with internet users dubbing him 'the hottest convict ever'.