Gina Rodriguez Is Engaged to Joe LoCicero: See Her Ring Wedding bells will soon be ringing! Gina Rodriguez is engaged to boyfriend Joe LoCicero, a source exclusively reveals to Us Weekly.

Related: Celebrity Engagements of 2018 Bring on the bling! Scroll through to see which stars proposed — or had the question popped to them — this year! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails […]

The Golden Globe winner, 34, sparked engagement speculation on Monday, July 30, after posting an Instagram photo of herself sporting a diamond ring. “‘They thought I was a Surrealist, but I wasn’t,’” she captioned the picture, quoting artist Frida Kahlo. “‘I never painted dreams. I painted my own reality.’”

Rodriguez and LoCicero, 31, met in 2016 when he appeared on an episode of her hit CW show.

Related: Celebrity Engagement Rings of 2018: The Most Fabulous Sparklers of the Year Let it be stated that 2018 thus far has been a major year for celebrity engagements. The only thing more major than the couples deciding to head down the aisle? The rings. From Emily Ratajkowski’s super unique two-stone sparkler to the elegant oval-cut stone that Hailey Baldwin received from Justin Bieber, these rings are hard […]

“He thought I was being nice to him because I am nice to everyone that comes on the show,” she said on Live With Kelly and Ryan in November 2017. “So he thought I was just being super sweet to him and I thought he was just being sweet on me because I’m the lead.”

Rodriguez gushed over the actor in December 2016 on their “first Christmas together,” writing that his love “has been the greatest gift.” She also praised him on his 31st birthday in August 2017, writing on Instagram, “To my king. I love you.”

Related: Celebrity Couples and How They First Met: Love Story Beginnings Star-crossed lovers! Ever wonder how celebrity couples like Brangelina, Tom and Gisele, and the Beckhams first met? Whether it was through mutual friends or at work, check out their love story beginnings here!

LoCicero has publicly supported the Annihilation actress and was by her side during the Emmy Awards in September 2017 and the Screen Actors Guild Awards in January. The pair also locked lips while walking the 2018 Oscars red carpet in March.