Chrissy Teigen hits back at critic for shaming her for 'narcissistic' breast-feeding photo Chrissy Teigen has proven that she isn't shy about speaking her mind- especially when it come to issues affecting mothers.

The 32-year old hit back once again against social media haters who bashed her for sharing a photo of her breastfeeding.

'I think it’s perfectly find for women who breast feed in public. They are doing it because they need to. When you post on social media that you are doing it, it comes across as narcissistic though,' wrote the critic who has since deleted the tweet.

Breastfeeding controversy: Chrissy Teigen was breastfeeding baby Miles on Saturday when daughter Luna asked her to feed her doll as well

Breastfeeding backlash: A handful of people on social medium seemed to have a problem with her breastfeeding picture

Chrissy wasted no time responding as she tweeted back: 'Nah. Just chillin. Posting daily life like I do with anything else. Cooking, playing with dogs, etc. You make feeding a baby big deal because you got weird titty issues,'

The photo in question showed the model breastfeeding her seven-week old son Miles and her daughter's doll at the same time with the caption: 'Luna making me feed her babydoll so I guess I have twins now.'

Many of her fans saw the humor in the photo or just identified with it. But there have been a handful that took offense.

Another commenter wrote on Saturday: 'Christ in a hand basket. Menstruating, childbirth and sex are natural, too, but that doesn’t mean I want to see pics of it and/or celebrities like @chrissyteigen taking a bath or nursing. We get it.'

'I don’t care to see grainy fireworks, coachella selfies or infinity pool pics but i let people live. calm your tits and scroll on by,' the mother of two responded to one twitter critic.

Quick response: The mother of two wasted little time in defending her picture

Doting mother: Chrissy has two children with musician John Legend, two-year old Luna and seven -week old Miles

Chrissy's opened up about breastfeeding to People in 2016, when her daughter Luna was just a baby.

'I just think it’s so funny. Sometimes I’m Googling how to do it better. I’m like, 'Is it working? Is it taking? I don’t think I’m feeling enough pain.' You just get so confused about how it’s supposed to feel, and as hard as anyone said it was, I feel like it somehow managed to be harder."

Despite her struggles nursing her then 3-month old daughter, Chrissy still found it to be 'very fulling' and added, 'You know you're doing something good.'

One on one: Chrissy got a little mommy-daughter time in fo daughter Luna, two

It wasn't all controversial for the former Sports Illustrated Swimsuit model over the weekend.

She also found the time to share a video of of her spending time with her two-year old daughter Luna. The two are seen laughing and hamming it up while laying on a couch.

There's also video of husband John Legend doted on their two young children.

The couple have been married since September 2013.