Adriana Lima’s wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2017: Victoria’s Secret model flashes underwear in a black slit gown Home

Lifestyle

Adriana Limas wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2017: Victorias Secret model flashes underwear in a black slit gown

Adriana Lima’s wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2017: Victoria’s Secret model flashes underwear in a black slit gown

Victoria's Secret star Adriana Lima became a victim of a wardrobe malfunction.

This year’s Met Gala theme was celebration of designer Rei Kawakubo and Comme des Garçons. Just like every year the most sought-after celebs made it to the event in their best of looks. Victoria’s Secret star Adriana Lima also was present at the Met Gala in a daring thigh-high slit outfit. Though she looked quite stunning, the model soon became a victim of a wardrobe malfunction and ended up almost exposing her crotch. (ALSO READ Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone’s hot Met Gala 2017 looks are simply gorgeous! VIEW PICS).

Adriana Lima turned plenty of heads in her gorgeous silk black gown that had a plunging neckline and a slit high up her thighs. She wore this floor-length black risque outfit with embellished black heels and sparkly diamond earrings.

The backless gown with a plunging neckline had a slit right in the middle, which not only revealed her legs but also ended up almost revealing the Brazilian beauty’s lady bits! She barely managed to avoid the embarrassing wardrobe malfunction. (ALSO READ Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show 2016 list of richest models: Adriana Lima, Liu Wen, Kendall Jenner & other supermodels with multi-million dollar pay cheque!).

Add India.com as a Preferred Source

While posing for photographs, she ended up revealing her underwear in some of the photos. Soon after the wardrobe malfunction, her photographs from the Met Gala were all over internet!

But she managed the whole situation well and posed for the shutterbugs oozing oomph in her hot Met Gala avatar. (ALSO READ Oops! Actress Blanca Blanco suffers wardrobe malfunction at the Academy Awards 2017!)

When it comes to the makeup, the brunette pulled back her hair into a sleek bun. Her flawless skin looked bronzed and her makeup was not over the top, with just a little bit attention drawn to her pout with rose shade lip color.

(Photo credits: Getty Images)

Loved this story? Like our Facebook page to read more such articles. Also, share your comments below. We would love to hear from you.

For breaking news and live news updates, like us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter and Instagram. Read more on Latest Lifestyle News on India.com.