Megan Fox gets emotional on Hollywood Medium Megan Fox is normally very tight lipped about her family as she prefers to talk about her acting career.

But when the brunette Transformers star sat down with Tyler Henry on the show Hollywood Medium she touched on what's going on with her mother.

After Henry told her her mother was going to go through a big transition in the next months, the cover girl looked surprised and confirmed that was true.

Scroll down for video

Close to home: Megan Fox was seen in a teaser for Wednesday's Hollywood Medium

Tough: Tyler Henry touched on what's going on with her mother, who is 60 and lives in Florida

The fam: Megan with her mother as well as one of her three children on Instagram

In a preview clip from Wednesday's new episode, Fox gets a message from the other side about her mother, Gloria, who is very much still alive.

Flashback of her parents when they were younger

'Weird. For some reason they're having me refer to your mom,' Henry said.

'This is weird...it feels like transitional. They're putting this like over the course of...for some reason like the next month. They're having me like acknowledge like transition, movement, change.'

Fox. who is married to Brian Austin Green, is thrown off. At one point it appears as if her bottom lip is quivering and she's about to cry.

'I wasn't anticipating him picking up so much from my mom.

'And that is a situation that literally just happened - I think it was two days ago, she started transitioning out of a relationship,' the actress remarked.

Fox added her mother is 'really relationship-based,' but she needs to get on with her life by herself.

On edge: At one point it appears as if her bottom lip is quivering and she's about to cry. 'I wasn't anticipating him picking up so much from my mom

Face to face: The star was seen with Henry in a home by the beach

A challenge lays ahead: 'And that is a situation that literally just happened - I think it was two days ago, she started transitioning out of a relationship,' the actress remarked

He nailed it: The gifted star said, 'This is weird...it feels like transitional. They're putting this like over the course of...for some reason like the next month. They're having me like acknowledge like transition, movement, change'

The actress said her mother now lives in Florida but she might come west.

'I wouldn't be surprised if she maybe moved out this way. My mom has always been relationship based her whole life.

'Maybe because of her age, she's in her 60, she may worry about that transition. My sister and I are always saying to each other that's what we want for our mom. But we can't tell her, she won't listen to us. Maybe she'll listen to Tyler.'

Mommy issues: Fox added her mother is 'really relationship-based,' but she needs to get on with her life by herself

Come to LA mom! The actress said her mother now lives in Florida but she might come west. 'I wouldn't be surprised if she maybe moved out this way. My mom has always been relationship based her whole life'

Henry then says: 'They are having me acknowledge her, reminding her of her independence. And it's coming from her side of family,' Henry said.

'It's like, "Don't forget your ability to be independent, you can do things on your own, you don't have to stay in a situation because of another person or other people."

'It's basically saying like feel free to make this move and that she needs to know this and have like that confidence.'

Hollywood Medium with Tyler Henry airs Wednesdays on E!

Airs Tuesdays at 9pm on E! UK & stream Thursdays on hayu