Gal Gadot's Vibrant Looks, Yara Shahidi's Dose of '90 Nostalgia & More Best Dressed Stars of the Week New year, new daring statements!

Celebrities kicked off 2018 with great panache and some doses of bright colors that only come around during awards season and holiday festivities. The most notable trends for the first week of January saw an array of vivid and bold colors making their way onto the red carpets and streets.

Gal Gadot was striking in a canary yellow gown, Yara Shahidi opted for a playful color block look and a handful of actresses made us green with envy with their dress selections.

ET has all the details on the best dressed celebrities that slayed the fashion game for the week of Jan. 1.

Gal Gadot

Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images

The Wonder Woman star shined bright at the 29th Annual Palm Springs International Film Festival Awards Gala in California on Jan. 2.

Gadot showed off her lean physique in a canary yellow Esteban Cortazar maxi gown from the designer's Spring 2018 collection that featured a cut-out on the collarbone and chest. The actress kept her look simple with strappy nude heels, a sleep updo and dainty earrings.

ET caught up with Gadot, who was honored with the Rising Star Award, and director Patty Jenkins at the ceremony, where they talked about the new adventure the heroine will embark on.

“We’re actually making a totally different film with a lot of the same, similar like things that we love, but it’s its own movie completely, so it’s not ‘[Wonder Woman] 2’ to us,” Jenkins told ET. “It’s an entirely new adventure together that we couldn’t be luckier [to do].”

Rich Fury/Getty Images for Palm Springs International Film Festival

The following day, the 32-year-old brunette bombshell attended Variety's Creative Impact Awards and 10 Directors to Watch Brunch in Palm Springs, where she dressed to impress in a bright pink suit with a plunging red corset from Oscar de la Renta's Spring 2018 collection. For this two-toned combo, Gadot wore the same strappy nude heels, had her tousled hair down and finished with a red lip.

Salma Hayek

Frazer Harrison/Getty Images for Palm Springs International Film Festival

The Beatriz at Dinner star packed a punch at the 29th Annual Palm Springs International Film Festival Awards Gala on Jan. 3 in Palm Springs, California.

Hayek, 51, looked radiant in a custom green lace plisse Gucci gown with pink beaded straps, featuring embellished butterfly details and a pink trompe l'œil sequin bow. She paired the designer dress with Irene Neuwirth jewelry.

Allison Janney

Getty Images

Another lady in green was the I, Tonya star who elegantly showed off her shoulders in a $2,995 body-hugging Lela Rose creation and Stuart Weitzman heels.

The 58-year-old actress went all out for her accessories, wearing two APM Monaco Bonbon sterling silver bracelets that retail for $215, and three $99 Bonbon sterling silver rings. Additionally, Janney wore gorgeous statement earrings by Leticia Linton. The earrings are 18-karat white gold, sliced green tourmalines and 6 karats of white diamonds, retailing for $21.500.

Leticia Linton

Armie Hammer

Frazer Harrison/Getty Images

Meanwhile, the Call Me By Your Name stud also looked dapper at the Palm Springs Gala.

Hammer, 31, opted for a sleek gold pinstripe Dolce & Gabbana blazer with black lapels over a white button-up, a bowtie and black trousers. The actor completed the look with velvet Christian Louboutin dress shoes and a Breitling watch.

Yara Shahidi

TheStewartofNY/Getty Images

We got a major dose of '90s nostalgia when the Grown-ish star stepped out in New York City on Jan. 3 in this bold color block look.

Shahidi donned a playful matching Thom Brown top with blue pants that featured four colored stripes, an oversized Opening Ceremony red coat and pale pink Loriblu heels.

For her accessories, the 17-year-old actress had a Paige Novick ring, one Lady Grey earring and a Sarah Magid Weeping Dot earring worth $198.

Sarah Magid

Jessica Chastain

RB/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images

The Molly's Game star made a strong statement while out in Los Angeles, California, on Jan. 3.

Chastain paired a black Time's Up movement t-shirt with black flared trousers and platform shoes. The shirt is part of the newly-created organization that fights for equality in the workplace.

The shirt will most likely be available on Time's Up website soon, with 100% of proceeds from each product to be donated to their legal defense team.

Michelle Monaghan

Donato Sardella/Getty Images

Another star who opted for an eye-catching shade was Michelle Monaghan at W Magazine's Celebration of its "Best Performances" Portfolio event at Chateau Marmont in Los Angeles on Jan. 4.

The Path star stood out from the crowd in a golden Brandon Maxwell long-sleeved top with matching wide-legged trousers. Tres chic!

Common

Jesse Grant/Getty Images

Last but not least, Common brought his style A-game to the premiere of Showtime's The Chi at Downtown Independent in Los Angeles on Jan. 3.

The multi-faceted star stepped out in a burgundy suit by Etro with a white button-up with black detailing and black Louboutin shoes. Looking good!

What did you think of this week's best dressed stars? Did you see anything else you absolutely loved? Tell us your thoughts by tweeting @LizCalvario or @ etnow!

For more stylish celebs, watch below.

Additional reporting by Amy Purnell.

RELATED CONTENT: