Kim Kardashian reveals she held sister Khloe's leg while she gave birth — but fans only want to know if Tristan Thompson held the other Khloe Kardashian gave birth to her baby girl early Thursday morning.

The reality star's family members have begun to post congratulations on social media.

Kim Kardashian West even revealed that she was by her sister's side in the delivery room.

"You are so strong, you made that look so easy!" she wrote on Twitter. "I'm so happy I was able to return the favor of holding your leg while you pushed LOL."

However, fans seem more interested in whether Khloe's boyfriend Tristan Thompson, who is currently embroiled in cheating rumors, was also present for the birth.



The congratulations have begun to roll in for Khloe Kardashian after the birth of her first child — but the most personal message has been posted by Kim Kardashian West, who revealed that she was by her sister's side in the delivery room.

"I'm so happy for you! Your baby girl is so beautiful! You are so strong, you made that look so easy!" Kim wrote on Twitter, tagging Khloe. "I'm so happy I was able to return the favor of holding your leg while you pushed LOL."

—Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) April 13, 2018

Kim, a recent mother of three herself, also expressed excitement that her daughters North and Chicago will be able to grow up alongside Khloe's newborn daughter "as best friends the way we are."

Happy Saturday loves! A post shared by Khloé (@khloekardashian) on Dec 16, 2017 at 10:52am PST Dec 16, 2017 at 10:52am PST

In a separate tweet posted shortly after, Kim seemed to gush about her new niece being "gorgeous."

—Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) April 13, 2018

But while many fans appreciated the heartwarming display of sisterly love that the Kardashian-Jenners have come to be known for, others were focused on the man in Khloe's life.

The father of Khloe's daughter and her boyfriend of over a year, Tristan Thompson, was reportedly present in the delivery room as well — despite allegations that he cheated on Khloe throughout her pregnancy with multiple women. No one in the family has yet commented on the rumors, and people responded to Kim's tweets with fervent disapproval of his alleged behavior and demands to know whether he has been by Khloe's side.

Australian writer and radio producer Carly Heading wrote that she hopes Khloe "kicked a certain someone" with the leg that Kim wasn't holding.

Other Twitter users responded to Kim's message in similar ways.

Others seemed less concerned about Thompson's presence in the delivery room and more interested in finding out whether the cheating rumors are true.

While fans are clearly angry about Thompson's alleged infidelity — and desperate for more information — People has reported that Khloe has "basically already forgiven him."

"She's so incredibly happy that her baby is here, that she is big and strong and healthy and beautiful, and so right now Khloe truly has no other cares in the world. She isn't even mad at Tristan right now," an unnamed Kardashian family source told the outlet. "She is in a bubble of love and peace and happiness right now."

It's safe to say that fans are very invested in the new mom's relationship status — but what's most important is that her baby is healthy and that Khloe is recovering smoothly post-birth.

Sign up here to get INSIDER's favorite stories straight to your inbox.