Gisele and Tom Brady's Never-Before-Seen Wedding Photos Are Making Us Emotional Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.

As she’s one of the foremost models of the twenty-first century, there has often been a lot of interest in Gisele Bündchen’s love life. Of course, that interest was amplified when she entered into relationships with fellow celebrities like Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Brady, the latter of whom she was married to for over ten years and with whom she shares two children.

But since her split from Brady in 2022, Bündchen has kept her love life mostly out of the spotlight. That is, until she started dating jiujitsu instructor Joaquim Valente.

In her February 2023 cover story for Harper’s Bazaar, Bündchen opened up about her current outlook on life, saying, “Today, being in the place where I am in my life and having access to all the different things I’ve had access to, I feel like the simple things are best because I keep trying to go back to those things. At the end of the day, those are the things that make me the happiest.”

And part of that happiness includes spending time with her new husband, as well as the new baby the pair welcomed together in February 2025. Ahead, we break down Gisele Bündchen and Joaquim Valente’s complete relationship timeline.

December 3, 2025: They get married!

The pair ties the knot in an intimate ceremony attended by close friends and family at their home in Surfside, Florida, per marriage records obtained by People. No photos of the ceremony have been shared publicly.

Months later, in March 2026, the supermodel debuts her gold wedding band at an event in Miami.

March 10, 2025: The pair engage in some PDA on a yacht, one month after welcoming their child.

BACKGRID

A little over a month after Bündchen gives birth to her baby boy, the model is seen hanging out on a yacht with Valente, as well as some of their mutual friends.

For the outing, Bündchen rocks a gray bikini top and white bottoms, before later slipping into a pair of gray sweatpants. She also sports some cat-eye sunglasses as she’s seen sunbathing on the deck of the boat.

While in her beachy look, the former Harper’s Bazaar cover star also engages in some romantic PDA with Valente. In one photo, he is seen leaning in to kiss her while wearing black swim trunks.

The two enjoy the romantic outing while sailing across a shore in Miami, Florida—the area where they first met.

February 5, 2025: Gisele gives birth to her and Joaquim’s first child together.

TMZ breaks the news that Bündchen and Valente have welcomed their first child, and according to the report, both the mom and baby are “happy and healthy.”

Although the name of the child is not revealed, People catches wind that the baby’s middle name is “River,” continuing Bündchen’s streak of giving her children water-themed middle names.

December 29, 2024: Gisele looks dreamy as she cradles her belly.

The supermodel is seen sweetly cradling her baby bump and posing for photos on a beach in Costa Rica, with Valente nearby. She looks so dreamy in a little white open-knit top that she wears over a bikini top, paired with an off-white wrap miniskirt.

BACKGRID

December 24, 2024: Gisele and Joaquim have a beachy Christmas Eve.

The pair enjoy another beach day in Costa Rica, during which Bündchen shows off her growing baby bump in a little black string bikini. Valente coordinates with her in black swim trunks.

BACKGRID

December 4, 2024: Gisele shows off her growing baby bump.

BACKGRID

Bündchen and Valente continue their Costa Rican getaway, where the sparks appear to be flying as evidenced by a moment when the two stop to share a passionate kiss on the beach.

During that same outing, the pair also play some sort of game on the sand with paddles, and Bündchen looks dreamy in a breezy beige set composed of a long-sleeve top that gives a peek at her baby bump, and a wrap miniskirt. She accessorizes with a sun hat and sunglasses.

BACKGRID

December 3, 2024: The pair take a romantic beach stroll together.

Bündchen and Valente are captured on a Costa Rican getaway, where they look totally in love as they take a stroll on the beach (a spot that Bündchen has frequented for many years with her ex-husband, Tom Brady).

During their stroll, Valente is seen cradling the model’s baby bump, and they are also captured laughing, kissing, and holding hands.

November 13, 2024: Gisele debuts her baby bump at charity event.

Less than a month after the news drops of Bündchen’s pregnancy, the supermodel steps out for a good cause, when she attends the Lotus House Women’s Shelter’s 20th anniversary gala in Miami, Florida, where she rocks a black midi dress that shows off her growing baby bump.

Bündchen then documents the event on her Instagram account, writing, “It was an honor to attend the Lotus House Gala celebrating their 20th anniversary as the largest shelter for women and children in America. I feel truly blessed to support the visionary Constance Collins and her incredible team, whose unwavering commitment has transformed countless lives. With their latest achievement—uniting over 300 women’s shelters nationwide through the National Women’s Shelter Network—they’re taking a bold step toward eradicating homelessness. Learn more through the link in my bio and find out how you can help. 🙏 Together, we are stronger!”

October 28, 2024: They’re expecting their first child together.

In an interview with People, a source close to the couple reveals that they’re expecting their first child together. “Gisele and Joaquim are happy for this new chapter in their life, and they’re looking forward to creating a peaceful and loving environment for the whole family,” the source says.

July 14, 2024: The pair take a romantic bike ride together in Florida.

MEGA // Getty Images

Ever the active pair, Valente and Bündchen are seen taking a bike ride together in Surfside, Florida, where they look super sporty in their casual athleisure.

For her part, Bündchen rocks a black tank and matching shorts, with a cream baseball cap and sunglasses. Meanwhile, Valente sports a blue shirt and matching shorts.

March 23, 2024: Gisele opens up about their relationship ahead of the release of her new cookbook.

Bündchen sits down for an interview with to promote her new cookbook, , and during the profile, she opens up about her newly-public romance with Valente.

“This is the first time I am seeing someone that was a friend of mine first,” she says. “It’s very different. It is very honest, and it’s very transparent.”

When asked if the romance started before she formally split from Brady, Bündchen quickly shuts down any speculation. “That is a lie,” she says. She also addresses her split from the NFL athlete, adding, “This is something that happens to a lot of women who get blamed when they have the courage to leave an unhealthy relationship and are labeled as being unfaithful. They have to deal with their communities. They have to deal with their family. Of course for me, it just happens to be a little bit amplified.”

February 21, 2024: The news of Gisele and Joaquim’s romance goes public.

Nearly a year after they start dating, the news of their relationship goes public when a couple of sources confirm their relationship to People.

One of the sources says, “They started out as friends... He was a huge comfort for Gisele while she went through her divorce. Their friendship turned romantic after the divorce... Gisele was hesitant about dating after the divorce. It’s been very natural for her to date Joaquim.”

June 2023: Gisele and Joaquim begin a romantic relationship.

During her divorce from Brady, Bündchen, who had been attending Valente’s gym for months, turns to the athlete as a friend. Eventually, the two end up becoming an item sometime in June.

The news is confirmed with a report from People. A source who says, “They have been dating since June. They’re taking it slow. They started out as great friends first. She’s very private about this and wanted to keep it quiet while they got to know each other.”



October 28, 2022: Gisele finalizes her divorce from Tom Brady.

After 13 years of marriage, Bündchen files for divorce from Tom Brady. People reports that the pair have been working on the terms for months, and they will share joint custody of their children.

On Instagram, the model writes: “With much gratitude for our time together, Tom and I have amicably finalized our divorce. My priority has always been and will continue to be our children whom I love with all my heart. We will continue co-parenting to give them the love, care and attention they greatly deserve. The decision to end a marriage is never easy but we have grown apart and while it is, of course, difficult to go through something like this, I feel blessed for the time we had together and only wish the best for Tom always.”

February 23, 2022: Gisele posts a video of herself training at Joaquim’s studio.

A few months after she starts training at the Valente Brothers academy, Bündchen shares a video to her Instagram account, where she’s seen working out with her future romantic partner.

In her caption, Bündchen writes, “I believe the more tools we have in our toolbox the better. I feel stronger, more confidence and empowered since I started practicing self-defense. I feel it’s an important skill for all, but specially for us women. Thank you @ValenteBrothers for being awesome teachers and for making training so much fun. I am looking forward to keep improving. Let’s go! 🤛🏼.”

December 2021: Gisele starts training with Joaquim at the Valente Brothers jiujitsu academy.

Bündchen first meets Valente because her sons start studying jiujitsu at his academy, called Valente Brothers.

Bündchen opens up about falling in love with the sport, and getting closer to Valente, in an interview with Dust magazine. “I have always been a seeker and a curious person who always wants to dive deeper. It's actually because of my son that I met Joaquim. I have a friend who told me about the Valente brothers and their martial art school, and since I wanted to steer my almost-teenage son in the right direction, I thought he might be interested in this,” she says. “Initially, I wasn’t even considering it for myself, to be honest with you. But, when I brought him to the first class and started talking with Joaquim, I realized that it was much more than self-defense. I became really interested [in] the philosophy. It felt very much in line with what I believe in and look for in my life, and how I have a path to develop and become the best version of myself. It sounded like something I definitely wanted to learn more about. And then I was hooked.”