Kim Kardashian shuts down rumors about baby number four Kim Kardashian and husband Kanye West aren't adding to their family anytime soon.

On Tuesday, the 37-year-old reality star shut down baby number four rumors while talking with E! News.

'None of that was true,' she told the website of baby rumors. 'I've been really open about it and talked about it on our show. We start filming season 16 next week, so if I think about it more and it's gonna happen, you'll definitely see it on the show,' Kim shared. 'But as of now, no.'

Holding off: On Tuesday, Kim Kardashian shut down baby number four rumors while talking to E! News. 'We start filming season 16 next week, so if I think about it more and it's gonna happen, you'll definitely see it on the show,' Kim shared. 'But as of now, no.'

Kim and Kanye are parents to North, five, Saint, two, and Chicago, seven months.

Back in April, ET also broached the topic of baby number four.

'I gotta live with three for a second,' Kim said. 'If it were up to my husband we'd have like seven. Maybe four is all I can handle. I don't know, maybe three is all I can handle.'

Party of five: Kim and husband Kanye West share three kids—North, five, Saint, two, and Chicago, seven months

The A-list couple used a surrogate for their third child after two challenging pregnancies.

'It was the best experience,' she told Ellen when talking about her surrogate birth. 'The moment [the surrogate] was getting the epidural, I was like, "Thank god this is not me."'

She added: 'My deliveries were really bad—always surgeries afterwards and crazy, scary things.'

Back in April, ET also broached the topic of baby number four. 'I gotta live with three for a second,' she said. 'If it were up to my husband we'd have like seven. Maybe four is all I can handle. I don't know, maybe three is all I can handle'

While chatting with Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest in May, the Kardashian explained that her surrogate knew her identity from the get-go.

'When you're starting the process, you technically don't have to let them know that it's you,' she said. 'But I wanted to give the person that I felt like was a good candidate for our family the opportunity to choose us as well.

'What if she wasn't a fan? We have amazing fans, but we also have crazy haters. I wouldn't want that energy around my baby.'