Kim Kardashian and Kanye West share their first family portrait in months Kim Kardashian and Kanye West were seen in a family portrait shared on social media on Tuesday.

The power couple were sitting with all three of their kids, North, five, Saint and Chicago, 11 months, during Saint's Tarzan themed birthday party.

This is the first portrait they have shared since their Easter family photo in April.

Family photo: Kim Kardashian posed with her husband Kanye West and her children North, five, Saint, three, and Chicago, 11 months for Saint's third birthday bash

The last one: This is the first portrait they have shared since their Easter family photo in April

Kim gave birth to North the year before she and Kanye held a sumptuous wedding in Florence, making him her third husband.

She then brought Saint into the world the year after her wedding, and little Chicago was born via surrogacy in January of this year.

Kim's own mother is the legendary family 'momager' Kris Jenner, and her father is the late O.J. Simpson lawyer Robert Kardashian.

Kris, who spells her name the same way as Kim's second ex-husband, had four children with Robert - Kourtney, Kim, Khloe and Rob Kardashian.

Doting parents: The reality TV icon gave her 122 million Instagram followers a glimpse this Tuesday of the 'Tarzan themed party' she threw her middle child

She and Caitlyn Jenner, whom she married when Caitlyn was known as Bruce, share two daughters - social media icons Kendall and Kylie Jenner.

Kylie became a mother at 20 this year when she gave birth to her daughter Stormi in February, and Kim has interviewed Kylie on the subject for ES magazine.

'What is the most surprising thing about being a mom, and how has your perspective changed on beauty and business since becoming a mom?' Kim asked.

Family history: Kim gave birth to North the year before she and Kanye held a sumptuous wedding in Florence, making him her third husband

Kylie replied: 'I think more about the future because of her. Every time I leave and I’m stressed about leaving her, I’m like: "I’m doing it for you."'

The lip kit icon shared: 'Everyone says you change completely when you become a mom, but I really feel the same, just better. So I don’t know what really has completely changed my world, besides her, of course.'

Said Kylie: 'But I feel like it’s only gotten better. You’re less selfish - and I actually enjoy changing diapers. It’s really satisfying. To make her clean again. And I don’t know, the whole thing is really…it’s like such an amazing experience.'

Mother of three: She then brought Saint into the world the year after her wedding, and little Chicago was born via surrogacy in January of this year

Bad hair day: Kanye West spent some time in Miami on Monday and showed off the latest shade of his ever-changing hair color

Happy to meet his fans: Kanye poses with a well-wisher