James Corden denies being the 'drunkest person' at 2018 Met Gala after Andy Cohen called him out James Corden denied being the 'drunkest' person at the 2018 Met Gala.

In an interview last month on The Howard Stern Show, Andy Cohen - who attended the annual fashion event in early May - claimed Corden was the 'drunken guest'.

But the 39-year-old TV host visited Stern's studio on Tuesday and explained it wasn't intoxication but 'just my natural exuberance of life'.

Denial! James Corden denied being the 'drunkest' person at the 2018 Met Gala

He explained he rarely drinks because of his schedule adding: 'I think people often think I'm drunk just because I'm just having such a nice time.'

Corden attended the New York fete with his wife Julia Carey as they enjoyed a rare night out together.

'The reason I was having such a nice time is that my wife and I were away together for the first time in like a year and a half.

'We had a baby six months ago. We have three kids now and we had never left them before,' he explained.

Gossip king: In an interview last month on The Howard Stern Show , Andy Cohen - who attended the annual fashion event in early May - claimed Corden was the 'drunken guest'

Corden and Carey share son Max, 7, and daughters Carey, 3, and Charlotte, whom they welcomed in December 2017.

'I didn't have to wake up the next day until like 10 a.m. and that was inconceivable to me,' he added.

Cohen did clarify in his initial interview by adding: 'But by the way, he wasn't like blotto blotto. He was having a good time. He's great.'

Rare night out: Corden attended the New York fete with his wife Julia Carey as they enjoyed a rare night out together

The interview comes after reports James reportedly stole the limelight from Prince Harry and Meghan Markle at their wedding reception by dressing as Henry VIII.

The actor and US talk show host, who attended the reception with his wife Julia, acted as compere for the evening, apparently turning up dressed in full Tudor regalia according to one guest.

While many guests were left wiping away their tears after Meghan read an emotional poem about her new husband, James provided light relief with his hilarious turn as the erstwhile monarch.

'Your royal highnesses, ladies and gentlemen, I had no idea what to wear to a royal wedding so I looked it up in the royal etiquette manual and found this outfit. I hope I've come in the right gear,' the Sunday Times reported.