Selena Gomez's Puma campaign for California Exotic shoes is released Selena Gomez looked fetching in the new Puma ads for their California Exotic Women’s 2018 campaign.

The sultry images, in which the 26-year-old singer wore a white workout suit, were released on Thursday.

This comes after the Texas native looked downtrodden when she learned her childhood friend Demi Lovato had overdosed on drugs on Monday.

On top of the world: Selena Gomez looked fetching in the new Puma ads for their California Exotic Women’s 2018 campaign. The sultry images, in which the 26-year-old singer wore a white workout suit, were released on Thursday

The shoes drop in selected sneaker boutiques, Puma.com and Puma stores worldwide on August 2.

Earlier in July, the Wolves singer starred in Puma‘s Ampt XT campaign. The Revival singer has been with Puma since September 2017.

'Being part of the PUMA family is very exciting for me,' said Selena at the time.

'PUMA has changed the game when it comes to the mash-up of athletic wear and fashion. It’s amazing to see this influence on style and culture and I’m excited to be a part of it. I am hoping that we can create something special together. We already have some really cool projects in the works.'

Another angle: The shoes drop in selected sneaker boutiques, Puma.com and Puma stores worldwide on August 2. Earlier in July, the Wolves singer starred in Puma‘s Ampt XT campaign. The Revival singer has been with Puma since September 2017

Her first campaign was for Phenom.

The shoot was done long before she learned of Demi's issues. According to TMZ, the Confidence singer had been taking meth and heroin before she was found unconscious in her Los Angeles home.

Lovato is 'awake and stable' as she continues to spend time in an LA hospital after she was revived with Narcan.

It has also been reported that Demi is being sent to rehab.

A good match: 'Being part of the PUMA family is very exciting for me,' said Selena in 2017. 'PUMA has changed the game when it comes to the mash-up of athletic wear and fashion'

A knack for design: She added, 'It’s amazing to see this influence on style and culture and I’m excited to be a part of it'

Selena and Demi first worked together on the kids show Barney & Friends in 2002 when they were about 10-years-old.

They then co-starred in the TV movie Princess Protection Program where Lovato played the princess and Gomez was the dorky, angry outcast.

Selena's mother Mandy Teefey posted a supportive message for Lovato on Instagram Tuesday.

The photo Mandy uploaded was a throwback shot of Demi and Selena at Selena's 16th birthday party in 2008.

Getting better: Lovato is 'awake and stable' as she continues to spend time in an LA hospital after she was revived with Narcan

The girls are seen tossing red rose petals in the air. 'This was exactly 10 yrs ago at S, Sweet 16. @ddlovato we love you.

'The world is a better place because of these infectious smiles. My heart hurts,' Mandy captioned the image.

In October, when Demi released her Simply Complicated, in which she discusses her battles with sobriety, Selena wrote on Instagram, 'This was beautiful. I'm so happy for you. You always continue to be bold and real. I wish more people were like you.'

Early years: Selena and Demi first worked together on the kids show Barney & Friends in 2002 when they were about 10-years-old

Gomez then added, 'Love you.'

Demi's mom Dianna De La Garza has said, 'Demi and Selena love each other and always will love each other. She and Demi were auditioning for the same things because they were the same age, they were both Hispanic, they both had dark hair — so she ended up going to a lot of auditions with us.

They starred Princess Protection Program

'They started out together, we had some great times together. They will always love each other. There's nothing that will ever come between them.'

Ellen DeGeneres and Ariana Grande led the well-wishers, who all expressed shock and sympathy for the 25-year-old former Disney Channel star, who collapsed on Tuesday, according to TMZ.

'i love u @ddlovato,' her fellow pop star Ariana Grande posted on Twitter .

Meanwhile, Ellen DeGeneres took to social media to pass along her own concerns. 'I love @DDLovato so much. It breaks my heart that she is going through this. She is a light in this world, and I am sending my love to her and her family,' wrote the talk show host.

New mom and rapper Cardi B also sent her love on Tuesday afternoon, tweeting: 'We love you Demi Lovato' along with two red love hearts.

Lovato's rumored girlfriend also commented on Tuesday afternoon.

LA-based DJ Lauren Abedini, who has been spotted getting up close and personal with the Sorry Not Sorry hitmaker in the past, wrote: 'These f***ing demons are not gonna win @ddlovato.'

Always lumped together: The teens at a Disney press event in Burbank, California, in 2009