Victoria's Secret Fashion Show VIDEO: Model mortified as she FALLS on catwalk - throwback Victoria's Secret model Ming Xi suffers a tumble on the catwalk 1769449851117MxDvQ

Victoria’s Secret 2018 takes place tonight in New York city with models including Kendall Jenner and sisters Gigi and Bella Hadid walking the catwalk. The famous runway, which showcases the latest underwear from the Victoria’s Secret brand, will captivate audiences around the world.

But what is more memorable than the underwear? It's the falls, trips and slips live on TV, of course. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

The same fans who will tune in tomorrow night will remember last year’s show in Shanghai where the undoubtably stunning Ming Xi had a minor mishap on the runway.

Ming Xi, a Victoria’s Secret model, tripped over on the catwalk after catching her foot in the train of her outfit - and hit the floor with her hands and knees.

Model Ming Xi fell over on the Victoria's Secret catwalk in 2017

The Chinese model, 28 at the time, was left red-faced when her boot heel became caught in her long flowing cape. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

After spending a few seconds on the ground, she was kindly helped up by her colleague Bruna Lirio, 23. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Ming didn’t let the incident ruin her walk, and she managed to keep smiling throughout. It wasn’t until she got backstage that the tears were flowing.

The model later responded to the reaction around her slip - which was huge around the world.

She wrote: “As many of you may already know, I fell during my 5th year walking at the Victoria's Secret show yesterday. It was no doubt one of the hardest moments I have ever had to go through in my career, especially since the show was taking place in my hometown, in front of my mother's and my people's eyes.

Victoria's Secret: Ming Xi fell over on the catwalk last year

Victoria's Secret: The star model hit the floor on her knees as she slipped on material

“However, the support I received from everyone yesterday was incredible and I am truly grateful to everyone who was there for me. @ed_razek Thank you for your supportive words and your continuous support throughout these 7 years.

“@giizeleoliveira Thank you for helping me up after the fall, it was a very selfless and loving act from you. Thank you to all the girls who rushed to comfort me at backstage after what had happened, you are all family to me.

“Lastly thank you to everyone who sent and left me supportive messages. I will pick myself up from where I fell, and I will keep going in order to repay all the support you all have given me!! #vsfashionshow @victoriassecret”

Ming Xi is due to walk in tomorrow’s catwalk show, which will no doubt be nerve wracking for the star who is known for her slip rather than her confident walk.

Victoria's Secret: This picture show Ming Xi mid-fall onto the catwalk

Last week, Victoria’s Secret revealed Rita Ora would be amongst the singers performing at the legendary fashion production.

The singer will be joined by acts including The Chainsmokers, Halsey, and Shawn Mendes.

Kelsea Ballerini, Bebe Rexha, and The Struts are also set to take to the stage.

Your daily horoscope with Russell Grant plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

While the event will take place this week, viewers won’t get to see the action straight away. Instead, they’ll have to wait until the holiday special airs on the small screen.