Lily Collins soaks up the sun with new beau in Italy She's been mixing business with leisure during a well-deserved breakaway to breath-taking Italy.

And Lily Collins, 28, made sure to soak-up the sun in between promoting her new Netflix drama To The Bone at the Ischia Film Festival on Monday alongside Jason Vahn.

According to Just Jared, the two have known each other for a long time and attended high school at Harvard Westlake in Los Angeles together.

Abs-olutely: Lily Collins, 28, made sure to soak-up the sun inbetween promoting her new Netflix drama To The Bone at the Ischia Film Festival on Monday

Lily was seen getting close to her investment analyst beau on a dock outside their hotel, although neither have confirmed the relationship.

They both graduated together in 2007 and Jared went on to attend the University of Pennsylvania before getting into investment banking at Canyon Capital Advisors.

The British-born actress looked sensational as exited the idyllic sea in her mixed print bikini.

The alabaster-skinned beauty put her best fashion foot forward as she worked a multi-coloured two-piece that featured eye-catching cutaway detailing in the midst of her bust.

Striking: The British-born actress looked sensational as exited the idyllic sea in her mixed print bikini

Her halterneck bikini top was sure to make a statement while her handsome mystery man followed swiftly behind as they walked up a wooden ramp to their sun loungers.

The Golden Globe nominated star's slinky bikini bottoms highlighted her petite frame while she navigated her way back to her sun spot barefoot.

Lily - who is the daughter of Phil Collins - appeared in jovial spirits as she chatted away to her attractive pal while her wet brown locks were slicked back off her face.

Towering over the stunning LA-based actress, Jason who lives in Los Angeles, showcased his muscular physique in a pair of striped white swimshorts.

Seas the days: The alabaster-skinned beauty put her best fashion foot forward as she worked a multi-coloured two-piece that featured eye-catching cutaway detailing in the midst of her bust

Later, the pair were spotted enjoying some refreshments as they soaked up the final rays of the day before leaving together in complementing ensembles.

Her swimwear-clad appearance comes after she attracted attention with her role as a 20-year-old anorexic sufferer Ellen in her latest movie.

Her appearance comes after she gave her first full interview about the film and her own off-screen struggle with eating disorders to the Daily Mail.

The starlet blamed her famous father Phil Collins' £17million divorce as the trigger for her anorexia and bulimia.

She explained how her severe eating disorder stopped her menstrual cycle for two years and could have affected her chances of having children.

Lily revealed she gorged on junk food, then forced herself to throw up, causing her hair to fall out and her nails to become brittle.

‘My periods stopped for two years,' she bravely confessed. 'And my life was out of control. I was terrified I had ruined my chances of ever having kids.'

Of her relationship with her father, she said: ‘There was a terrible disconnect that grew between us. Many of my deepest insecurities stem from my issues with my dad.’

Very naut-y: Her halterneck bikini top was sure to make a statement while her handsome mystery man followed swiftly behind as they walked up a wooden ramp to their sun loungers

Sun-soaked: The Golden Globe nominated star's slinky bikini bottoms highlighted her petite frame while she navigated her way back to her sun spot barefoot

Lily, who went to school in Los Angeles, lived with mother Jill Tavelman (Phil's second wife) after their separation.

When she heard that his marriage to third wife Orianne Cevey was also in trouble, along with the stress of her school life, she became anorexic and bulimic in 2008.

For To The Bone, the actress has insisted that she lost weight in a 'healthy' fashion, with regular check-ups from doctors.

Relaxed: Lily - who is the daughter of Phil Collins - appeared in jovial spirits as she chatted away to her attractive pal while she lay strewn across a sun lounger

Regardless, her mother sobbed when she saw her daughter looking gaunt in the film, no doubt bringing back the harrowing memories of Lily's teenage years.

Speaking about her mum's reaction, Lily told the EDIT: 'The first time mum saw the film she was a bit in shock.

'The second time I looked over at the end and she was sobbing; it really hit her hard. I never wanted her to feel responsible; she's like my best friend.'

In her autobiography Unfiltered, Lily touches on her eating disorder that plagued her teenage years.