Aaron Paul Welcomes Baby Girl With Wife Lauren: Pics Cue the pink balloons! Aaron Paul and his wife, Lauren, have welcomed their first child together, a baby girl. According to her birth certificate, which was obtained by The Blast, the new parents named their daughter Story Annabelle.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2018 A new bundle of joy! Scroll through to see all the cute babies who were born to famous parents in 2018, so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive […]

“There are no words that will ever be able to explain what just happened to my heart,” the proud mom captioned an Instagram pic of their newborn on Thursday, February 8. The actor, meanwhile, shared a pic of their daughter’s foot while at the hospital. He gushed: “My heart.”

The Path actor, 38, opened up about his soon-to-be bundle of joy while appearing on Jimmy Kimmel Live! on Tuesday, January 23. “[She’s due] any minute now,” he revealed. “I love babies, I’ve always loved babies.”

Paul and the Kind Campaign founder announced their pregnancy news in September 2017. “Hey everyone. Look what I did,” the Central Intelligence star captioned an Instagram photo of Lauren’s baby bump at the time. “Words can’t express how excited I am that this little one has entered our lives. Just thought it was time I would share this beautiful news with all of you.”

Related: Cutest Celebrity Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

The couple revealed their baby-to-be’s gender the following month, and the Breaking Bad alum boasted about his brood while chatting with Us Weekly in December of that year. “I hang out in her nursery a lot, it’s almost done. It’s quickly turned into our favorite room of the house,” he gushed. “Everything’s very light and just warm, it feels like little nest. It’s the most exciting time of our lives.”

Aaron added that, while he’s not nervous for fatherhood, he plans on protecting his daughter when she stars dating. “I’m not going to be polishing my shotgun or anything, but yeah,” he joked.

My heart A post shared by Aaron Paul (@glassofwhiskey) on Feb 8, 2018 at 8:31pm PST

Related: Celebrity Couples and How They First Met: Love Story Beginnings Star-crossed lovers! Ever wonder how celebrity couples like Brangelina, Tom and Gisele, and the Beckhams first met? Whether it was through mutual friends or at work, check out their love story beginnings here!

The Emmy winner and the philanthropist met at the Coachella festival and got engaged in January 2012. The duo wed in May 2013 in a Parisian-themed ceremony in Malibu.