Britney Spears Finally Addresses Years Of Lip-Syncing Rumours: 'It Really Pisses Me Off' In 2000, I attended Britney Spears 'Oops!... I Did It Again Tour' at Manchester Arena with my best friend and Mum, wearing a pink 'Baby One More Time' T-shirt and my hair in Spears-inspired pigtails.

The second I saw the then 19-year-old Mississippi born singer step onto the stage with a microphone headset, I distinctly remember bursting into tears until her final song, 'Lucky'.

No seriously, I uncontrollably blubbed throughout the whole concert that my Mum repeatedly had to ask me to sit down and take some deep breathes between songs.

Getty Images

This moment, coupled with the fact I stood by the gates of the MEN Arena for two hours waiting (in vain) for the singer to sign an autograph didn't seem to dampen my spirits (obsession) for the star. Well, that was until the car ride home when I overheard my parents discussing the fact she lip-synced throughout the whole show.

Suffice to say, I was horrified at their accusations.

Did my parents not realise this teenage musical goddess - who could not only backflip, shoot hoops, wear pink pieces of fluff in her hair and make dancing on a chair seem like an Olympic sport - couldn't possibly deceive her young fans by mouthing along to a pre-recorded track?

Well, finally the 35-year-old has addressed the years of lip-syncing accusations and let's just say, she's not impressed. You hear that Mum and Dad, Britney isn't happy.

Getty Images

In an interview with an Israeli television show prior to her performance in Tel Aviv next week, according to EW, the singer opened up about her feelings towards the rumours.

'I'm glad you're addressing this question because it's really funny.

'A lot of people think that I don't sing live. I usually, because I'm dancing so much, I do have a little bit of playback, but there's a mixture of my voice and the playback,' she added.

Getty Images

Spears then went onto address how hard she's worked as a singer and dancer over the years.

'It really pisses me off because I am busting my ass out there and singing at the same time and nobody ever really gives me credit for it, you know?' she added.

Look guys, just you try to sing and dance to 'I'm A Slave For You' wearing a bejewlled bikini top, platform heels and a python around your neck. You might want a little backing music to help too, okay?

Bravo, Britney. Bravo.*

*Still waiting on that autograph, FYI

Related Story Britney Spears on Mental Health Struggles

Related Story The Women Of The Forbes 2017 Celebrity 100