Does Emily Simpson's Husband Shane Have Regrets About Appearing on The Real Housewives of Orange County? The RHOC 'Wife also weighs in on if viewers can expect to see her hubby on TV again.

Every Thursday, Bravo Digital’s Megan Segura and Erik J. Mac bring you exclusive interviews with Bravolebs like Vicki Gunvalson, Nene Leakes, and Stassi Schroeder, plus expert commentary and behind-the-scenes secrets straight from Bravo execs. Listen, like, and subscribe to The Daily Dish on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and Google Play, and make yourself part of the conversation by tweeting us @Bravotv with the hashtag #BravoDailyDish.

How to Watch Watch The Real Housewives of Orange County on Peacock. Catch up on the Bravo app. Stream Now on

A Housewife's first season can definitely be nerve-wracking. After all, you're putting your entire life on TV, which includes your loved ones. Emily Simpson, who just completed her inaugural season on The Real Housewives of Orange County, dealt with her fellow 'Wives, as well as fans of the show, voicing their opinions about her husband, Shane Simpson, all season. "I was most surprised by how so many episodes revolved around my husband. I really thought he would just be in the background the whole season," Emily said on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen.

And indeed, people are very opinionated about Shane, who found himself at odds with Gina Kirschenheiter and Kelly Dodd during Season 13. So after dealing with such strong reactions from 'Wives and viewers, does the OC husband have any regrets about being on camera this season?

"I'm sure he has many [regrets]," Emily said, laughing, when she was asked the question on The Daily Dish podcast. "He just wants me to do well. That's probably what the misconception is about Shane is he is very supportive of me, I just think people don't necessarily see it in like a small little clip of him, because he doesn't necessarily like filming. I mean, what men do? I don't know if there's any husbands that are like, 'Yes! Sign me up! I want to film our life and I want to be on camera!' He tries to stay in the background and it doesn't work."

But she clarified, "I don't know if he has any regrets about anything he did or said. I don't think so... I think he knows that it was something I wanted to do and something I felt was important, just because I wanted to share my life and the things I've been through, because I feel like I have such a wealth of different things that I've gone through that women can relate to. So I think he was supportive of that. I don't know if you'll ever see him on camera again."

Related

While the OC hubby's future on TV is uncertain, Emily revealed whether viewers can expect to see Shane at the Season 13 reunion; check out what she has to say in the video above and come back down here for a reunion preview, below. And make sure to tune in for Part 1 of the RHOC reunion on a new day and time, Sunday, November 25, at 9/8c.