Royal Family 'Loved' Having Meghan Markle for Christmas: Prince Harry Prince Harry said his family has welcomed Meghan Markle this holiday season.

Harry's American fiancee, who recently quit her acting career and is best known for her past role on "Suits," spent the Christmas holiday with royal family for the first time, more than a month after they announced their engagement.

"It was fantastic. She really enjoyed it. The family loved having her there," Harry said on BBC Radio 4's Today program on Wednesday, after the airing of his interview with former U.S. President Barack Obama and the prince's father, Prince Charles.

Markle is the first royal fiancee to celebrate the holiday with Harry's family. She joined them at Buckingham Palace to attend Queen Elizabeth II's pre-Christmas lunch. On Christmas Day, she joined them for their traditional holiday service at the Queen's Sandringham estate. Markle and Harry greeted fans and were photographed with Harry's brother Prince William and pregnant sister-in-law, Duchess Catherine. The group stayed at their home and spent time with William and Catherine's children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte.

"[With] the family part of Christmas, there's always that work element as well and I think together, we had an amazing time, we had great fun staying with my brother and sister-in-law and running around with the kids," Harry said.

He also said he had to explain "plenty" of family traditions to his fiancee, adding, "I think we've got one of the biggest families that I know of and every family is complex as well. She's done an absolutely amazing job, she's getting in there and it's the family that I suppose she never had."

A Look Back at Meghan Markle's Pre-Royal Life

During the post-interview chat, Harry was also asked if Obama was invited to his and Markle's wedding. The two are set to marry in May.

"I don't know about that," Harry said. "That's- we haven't put the invites or the guest list together yet, so who knows whether he's going to be invited or not. I wouldn't want to ruin that surprise."