Obama and family move from Bali to Java on Indonesia trip Former President Barack Obama and his family wrapped up their five-day vacation on Indonesia's resort island of Bali and headed to the historic city of Yogyakarta on Wednesday during a nostalgic trip to the country where Obama lived for several years as a child.

Obama, his wife Michelle and daughters Malia and Sasha drove to a luxury hotel in downtown Yogyakarta after arriving on a private jet at the city's military airport, said Indonesian air force base commander Air Vice Marshal Novyan Samyoga.

The family then went to visit the ninth-century Borobudur Temple in Magelang on Wednesday where they were seen snapping photos.

Samyoga was among local officials who greeted the Obamas at the tarmac.

He said the family looked relaxed and was smiling in response to onlookers who greeted them with cheers.

Scroll down for video

Former President Barack Obama and his family wrapped up their five-day vacation on Indonesia's resort island of Bali and headed to the historic city of Yogyakarta on Wednesday during a nostalgic trip to the country where Obama lived for several years as a child. He is seen with his daughters Malia, left, and Sasha, who is holding the camera

Obama (center) waves as he walks with his wife Michelle (left) and daughter Malia, rear, upon arrival for a tour at Borobudur Temple in Magelang, Central Java, Indonesia

Obama is seen above using his mobile phone to snap a photo of the temple. drove to a luxury hotel in downtown Yogyakarta after arriving on a private jet at the city's military airport, said Indonesian air force base commander Air Vice Marshal Novyan Samyoga

Samyoga was among local officials who greeted the Obamas at the tarmac. He said the family looked relaxed and was smiling in response to onlookers who greeted them with cheers

Obama is seen above walking down the stairs of the temple, which is the largest Buddhist temple in the world and one of the faith's greatest monuments

Indonesian officials said that Secret Service agents did not have special requests for the Obamas' activities on the main Java island

Obama moved to Indonesia in 1967 at age 6 after his divorced mother remarried an Indonesian man

He said that Secret Service agents did not have special requests for the Obamas' activities on the main Java island, but about 650 Indonesian security forces were deployed to secure the family in Yogyakarta, an ancient city where Obama's mother, Ann Dunham, spent years on her anthropological research.

Obama moved to Indonesia in 1967 at age six after his divorced mother remarried an Indonesian man.

She stayed on after the marriage broke up, working as an anthropologist and development aid worker, but Obama returned to Hawaii when he was 10 to live with his grandparents.

On Tuesday, a healthy-looking Obama visited the Hindu Balinese water temple in Bali. The Tirta Empul Temple is famous for its holy spring water, which worshipers consider holy, where Balinese Hindus go to for ritual purification

Malia chose to bring a separate camera on the outing. She is seen above with mom Michelle at the temple

Making a splash: The Obamas enjoy whitewater rafting down the Ayung River- although Malia (front) looks a bit surprised

Ever no drama Obama, the former president looked typically relaxed as he enjoyed some family time on the island of Bali

Former US president Barack Obama and former first lady Michelle Obama walk at Jatiluwih rice terrace, one of UNESCO World Heritages, during his family holiday in Bali, Indonesia, on Sunday

Relxation time: The Former US president is seen at the Jatiluwih rice terrace, one of UNESCO World Heritages

Obama and his family were seen on a river rafting as they vacationed in Bali on Monday.

They also visited several tourist attractions, including a museum and rice terraces in Ubud, an arts and culture center amid hills and rice paddies.

In Yogjakarta, the Obamas also plan to visit the Hindu temple of Prambanan during their two-day holiday, Samyoga said.

President Joko 'Jokowi' Widodo has invited the Obamas to visit the Bogor Palace in West Java during their trip in Indonesia.

Obama is also scheduled to speak at an Indonesian Diaspora Congress in Jakarta on July 1.