Scott Wolf, 50, of Party Of Five shows off insane six pack abs as he adds 'you bet your a** I did' Scott Wolf appears to be ageless.

The 50-year-old actor shared a shirtless photo of himself on Instagram Thursday rocking a huge smile and a really mean set of abs.

Usually only sharing photos of his loving wife and kids on social media, the Party Of Five star actually bragged about his amazing physique on this post's caption.

Ageless: Scott Wolf, 50, proved he hasn't aged a bit since his Party Of Five days after sharing a photo of his perfect six pack abs on Instagram Thursday

'If posting a shirtless selfie at 50 years old is wrong...I don't want to be right. #thisis50 #youbetyourassidid,' he captioned the photo.

The handsome hunk is also seen wearing Avengers drawstring pajama pants.

He shows off his amazing physique by standing in the doorway of a bedroom. The bed in the background is messy like he just woke up.

The actor has been married to Kelley Limp, 41, since in 2004. They have three children together: Lucy Marie, four, Miller William, five, Jackson Kayse, nine.

Family of Five: The actor has been married to Kelley Limp, 41, since in 2004. They have three children together: Lucy Marie, four, Miller William, five, Jackson Kayse, nine; seen in 2017

Party Of Five was one of the hottest shows in the 1990s. It aired for six seasons on Fox from 1994 until 2000.

After their parents die in a car accident, the five Salinger siblings are forced to live on their own, with oldest son Charlie appointed the guardian of his brothers and sisters.

He has to make sure ends meet as he keeps the family together.

The show also starred Jennifer Love Hewitt, Neve Campbell, Lacey Chabert and Matthew Fox and focused on a group of kids in San Francisco with no parents but plenty of heart.

Now the show is getting rebooted. But instead of the characters being US natives, they will be immigrants, according to The Hollywood Reporter.

Flashback: Party of Five starred Jennifer Love Hewitt, Neve Campbell, Lacey Chabert and Matthew Fox and focused on a group of kids in San Francisco with no parents but plenty of heart