Game of Thrones Actor Gives Scorching Exit Interview Show-runners Weiss and Benioff called the actor during the off-season and, as Siddig recalls, said, “So we were going to kill you off at the end of last season [5], but we decided that we’re going to have to kill you off at the beginning of next season [6].” Siddig calls that explanation “wrong”: the actor says he had been contracted for four episodes of Season 6, not one. “If they were going to kill me off at the end of the last season, why would they contract me for those four episodes? Because it costs them money whether I do them or not, so it’s not great business sense to do it just in case.”

Were Dorne and its prince originally meant to play a much bigger role in the narrative going forward? That’s certainly the case in the books, where Doran is still alive and well and plotting against the Lannisters. If Game of Thrones were looking to get rid of the least popular elements of its Dorne plot, though, Doran, Trystane, and Hotah weren’t exactly the first candidates that come to mind. Siddig, for his part, has no end of suggestions about what might have motivated his earlier exit:

Something happened; I have no idea what. There was an enormous amount of fan excitement when I got named to be on the show, and everyone was like, “Oh my god, yes, Doran Martell. He’s going to be great as Doran Martell.” That might have been the kiss of death. Maybe they didn’t want quite that much attention on that character. Maybe they thought, “Well, let’s prove that we’re going to stray from the books. We’re going to do something else, and he will be our first example of that.” Or maybe I just screwed up. Maybe I said the wrong thing to the wrong person.

Could that wrong thing have been a leaked spoiler? Siddig gives no indication that this is the case, though he admits he struggled with the heightened security around Game of Thrones, particularly heading into the Jon Snow resurrection season. “Game of Thrones is kind of the king of secrecy and spin and mystery and intrigue, as far as fans are concerned,” Siddig explains. “Because there is such an appetite for gossip, everybody was asking me, ‘Is Jon Snow dead?’ Last season when I did it, I knew Jon Snow was dying because I got the scripts. I couldn’t even tell my wife, so it was infuriating. I don’t like walking around with secrets. I can’t stand it. You just make a deal with the devil.”

And, in Siddig’s opinion, HBO has had to go to great lengths to deal with a modern fan culture that is endlessly thirsty for news of the upcoming season: