Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pick a place and a date: Windsor Castle in May LONDON — Britain’s Prince Harry and his American fiancee, Meghan Markle, will marry at Windsor Castle in May, palace officials said Tuesday. A day after Harry, 33, and Markle, 36, announced their engagement, palace officials have started to stoke the media engines. The wedding will take place in St George's Chapel, palace officials said in a statement, adding that the royal family will foot the bill.

Palace officials also said that Markle will be baptized in the Church of England prior to the wedding. She will also start the process of becoming a British citizen prior to the marriage — a process that involves her applying for a spousal visa and could take several years.

Hannah Jewell, our own British-American pop culture host, explains Prince Harry's engagement to Meghan Markle. (Video: David Jorgenson/The Washington Post)

Still, many questions remain: What specific day in May will they wed? What title will Markle take after the marriage? Who will be on the guest list? Will there be a sea of dazzling hats in the audience?

We are told that more details will follow in the weeks and months ahead.

Many royal watchers said that St George’s Chapel in Windsor — a charming city about 20 miles west of London — was the most likely venue for the wedding. The chapel is contained inside the walls of Windsor Castle, and has been the setting for other royal weddings, including Harry’s cousin Peter Phillips, who married Autumn Kelly, a Canadian, in 2008.

When Harry’s father, Prince Charles, married Camilla Parker Bowles in 2005, they held a civil ceremony in Windsor but afterward had a service of blessing at the chapel.

Harry's spokesman told reporters at a briefing in London on Tuesday that Windsor was a "special place for them.” It’s also where Harry was baptized.

The Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton, said she and her husband, Prince William, are “absolutely thrilled” about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s engagement. (Video: Reuters)

In the meantime, palace officials said that the couple will “undertake their first official engagement” together in Nottingham on Friday where they will mark World AIDS Day by meeting organizations supporting people living with HIV/AIDS.

“Prince Harry is looking forward to introducing Ms. Markle to a community that has become very special to him,” Kensington Palace tweeted.

It will be Markle’s first outing in her new role. During an interview broadcast Monday on BBC, Markle was asked about giving up her acting career. She recently wrapped up filming in the legal drama "Suits.”