RuPaul's Drag Race star wants wonky abs fixed after botched surgery RuPaul's Drag Race star Detox estimates he has 'gallons' of silicone in his body, but he firmly regrets having cosmetic surgery on his abs after he was left with a wonky, uneven six pack.

The reality star, whose real name is Matthew Sanderson, is begging Botched surgeons Dr. Paul Nassif and Dr. Terry Dubrow to fix his abs because he constantly has to wear a corset or girdle to 'smooth everything out' on his stomach.

In a preview clip for Wednesday night's episode of the E! reality series, Matthew, 33, explains that he fell in love with drag after seeing his first show as a teenager and his newfound passion led to him getting extensive cosmetic surgery.

Scroll down for video

Help: RuPaul's Drag Race star Detox, whose real name is Matthew Sanderson, wants Botched surgeons Dr. Paul Nassif and Dr. Terry Dubrow to fix his wonky, uneven abs

Unhappy: Matthew, 33, explains that he deeply regrets having cosmetic surgery on his abs because he now has a lumpy six pack

In hiding: 'I always have to some kind of corset or a girdle to kind of smooth everything out, because I don't want people to see those weird lumps,' the reality star explains

'I was like 17 years old, wearing 10-inch platform heels, and going to every bar in the city and people knew who I was,' he recalls. 'To be so young and to be accepted into that world at such an early age, it was like a high for me.'

'Then I started meeting all these other people who had these beautiful bodies and these gorgeous faces and they looked like aliens,' he explains, 'and I was like I want that.'

Matthew says he met a man who was able to give him 'some alterations here and there, so I jumped on the opportunity and I jumped on the needle.'

'If I had to put a number on the amount of silicone I have in my body, probably gallons,' he estimates.

Famous face: Matthew (pictured in April 2017) was a runner up on season two of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars, as well as a season five alum

Keeping it real: Matthew estimates that he has 'gallons' of silicone in his body

Passion: He says fell in love with drag after seeing his first show as a teenager

The world-famous drag queen says he started by getting injections in his face, cheeks, lips, and a 'little bit' in his chin.

'I swelled up so much, but I was obsessed,' he recounts. 'My lips were like huge and I could see them bouncing when I would walk around.'

Matthew was so thrilled by the changes he made to his face, he eventually started getting injections in his body.

'My entire life I was a string bean; I was very skinny and I realized that I could have a beautiful body by injection,' he explains. 'Fill me up!'

Changes: After meeting a man who offered him some 'alterations,' Matthew started by getting injections in his face, cheeks, lips, and a 'little bit' in his chin

Loving it: 'My lips were like huge and I could see them bouncing when I would walk around,' he says

Wow factor: Matthew loves accentuating his plush pout with lipstick

So far, he has had his pecs, shoulders, biceps, hips, and 'a**' done, and while he loves the results of most of the procedures, he is unhappy with how his stomach turned out.

'The one thing that I regret the most doing is my six pack,' he admits. 'They're not perfectly parallel; they look very uneven.'

Although Matthew shies away from saying he is famous, he notes he is 'gaymous' and confesses to worrying about what the 'world' is going to think of his stomach.

'They are all very critical; they all have a very strong opinion,' he says of the public. 'I was like, well, I don't want to have to sit and read nasty comments all the time about how gross my abs are.'

Sculpting the perfect body: Matthew went on to get injections in his pecs (pictured)

Toned arms: Matthew has had injections in his biceps and shoulders

Sculpted: Matthews says he has even had injections in his hips and buttocks

The fear of public scrutiny makes Matthew feel like he always has to be 'covered up.'

'I always have to some kind of corset or a girdle to kind of smooth everything out, because I don't want people to see those weird lumps,' the reality star explains.

At the end of the clip, Matthew begs the doctors to fix his six pack once and for all.

'Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow, please takes these abs out and make me the best little drag queen in the world,' he tells the cameras.

'I will love you forever.'