Khloé Kardashian Played Super Coy When Asked About Kylie Jenner's Pregnancy Rumors Two thirds of the Kardashian-Jenner pregnancy mysteries are solved. In September Kim Kardashian West confirmed she and Kanye West are having their third child via surrogate. Three months later Khloé Kardashian revealed she is expecting her first baby ever with basketball-player boyfriend Tristan Thompson. However, Kylie Jenner is still keeping mum about rumors that she's also pregnant. Save for calling her new lip kits "babies" in a video a few months ago, Jenner is doing an excellent job at keeping people in the dark about this whole thing. Sure, her sisters may have come to her defense a few times when the speculation got out of hand, but Jenner's yet to confirm the actual news. We straight up don't know whether she's pregnant yet.

And Khloé's new interview with Ellen DeGeneres doesn't bring us any closer to the truth, either. The Good American entrepreneur sat down with DeGeneres this week to talk about her newly announced pregnancy, but before long the conversation pivoted to Kylie.

"Is Kylie craving things yet?" DeGeneres asked Khloé, to which she responded, "What do you mean?"

"She's pregnant," DeGeneres said. Khloé, naturally, played coy at this. "Oh, I don't know what you're taking about," she said.

DeGeneres didn't back down, though. "Come on now," she said, but Khloé bounced right back and said, "Come on, Ellen."

"Why wasn't she on the Christmas card?" DeGeneres then asked. "Um, I don't know. You gotta ask Kylie," Khloé said. "Why don't you get Kylie on the show?"

This banter went on for a few more seconds before DeGeneres said, "She must be pregnant. There's too much secrecy around it. Look at your eyes! Y'all, she's pregnant.... I will make a bet right now that she is pregnant. I can tell by her eyes."

They never reached a resolution, of course. Khloé just kept smiling and calling DeGeneres "cute." Bahhh, the madness continues. Watch all of this go down:

Unfortunately, it looks like we won't receive anything more concrete until Kylie herself says something—probably on Snapchat.

Related Stories:

Khloé Kardashian Is Officially Six Months Pregnant Today

A Pregnant Khloé Kardashian Wore the Sparkliest Naked Jumpsuit on Christmas Eve

Kim Kardashian Was Finally Asked, Point-Blank, Whether Kylie Jenner and Khloé Kardashian Are Pregnant