9 Brilliant Beauty Tips We Picked Up From the Pros Backstage at NYFW Spring 2018 Every fashion week season, top models get glammed to a designer’s exacting specifications by the most in-demand beauty wizards. And though sometimes these visionary looks can feel unwearable in the real world, there are a few beauty tips to be gleaned for your everyday beauty routine that can turn the ordinary into the extraordinary. Here are nine next-level beauty tricks we picked up backstage at #NYFW this season from the world’s greatest hair, makeup and nail pros.

9 Backstage Beauty Tips We Picked Up From The Pros Crimson Vibe At Sies Marjan, makeup artist Thomas de Kluyver played with facial perspectives by plumping up lips while downplaying eyes by keeping them bare. By slightly overdrawing the mouth with MAC’s Lady Danger, a vibrant hue, the dramatic pouts packed an even greater punch. Image: Sies Marjan Spring 2018/Imaxtree

Show Us Your Tips To define the eyes and make them pop without being obvious, Francelle Daly, NARS’ beauty guru at 3.1 Phillip Lim, recommends adding mascara to just the tips of center lashes for a wide-awake look. Image: 3.1 Phillip Lim Spring 2018/Courtesy of NARS Cosmetics

Glossing It At Prabal Gurung, makeup queen Diane Kendal used MAC Lipglass in clear for a glossy eye finish. The tackiness of the emollient sticks to skin, giving eyelids a fresh dewiness that won’t budge. Just be sure to apply your mascara beforehand, otherwise the ink may unintentionally drop and adhere to your lids. Image: Prabal Gurung Spring 2018/Imaxtree



South of France Shade Tom Pecheux, the makeup maestro at Brandon Maxwell, telegraphed a Biarritz vibe by massaging oil into models' skin, then topped off cheeks and lids with a bit of MAC gloss for a subtle glint. Image: Brandon Maxwell Spring 2018/Imaxtree

Rosy Lips For lips with extra definition, Maybelline’s global makeup artist Erin Parsons used five lip products at Naeem Khan. We’re talking a dark matte cherry in the center, followed by a lighter wine shade all over, accented by a bright cherry on the outer rims and a deep wine liner on the inside, all topped off with a slick coat of berry for a rich "petal" effect. Image: Naeem Khan Spring 2018/Imaxtree

All Wound Up For an organic bun that’s not too ballerina-y, hairstylist Holli Smith for Bumble and bumble suggests smoothing a teensy bit of the brand’s Bb.Thickening Spray and Surf Spray through tresses, then rake hair straight back using your fingers instead of a comb or brush, gather into a pony, then twist the strands together and secure with an elastic bungee, leaving out any pieces that fell out naturally. Image: Creatures of the Wind Spring 2018/Imaxtree



Glow Getter Yadim, Maybelline’s makeup wizard at Jason Wu, mixed foundations that were three shades darker than the models’ complexions with moisturizer for a tawny after-summer glow. Image: Jason Wu Spring 2018/Courtesy of Maybelline

All the Right Moves If you’re sporting a short bob, Frank Rizzieri, Aveda’s lead hairstylist at Tibi, suggests pulling your hair out vertically while blowdrying with a rounded brush instead of horizontally to achieve great movement while avoiding the dreaded soccer mom bubble. Image: Tibi Spring 2018/Imaxtree

High Shine When your clothing is a study in the contrast of colors, Jin Soon Choi, the nail master at Derek Lam, likes a sheer white gloss finish, like JINsoon Dew, so as not to compete with the splashy ensemble. Image: Derek Lam Spring 2018/Courtesy of JINsoon

Load even more