Kim Zolciak Vows To Stop Posting Photos Of Her Dogs After Someone Anonymously Called Animal Control After Kim Zolciak’s son Kash was hospitalized because of a dog bite, her fans and followers couldn’t help wondering if the dog is one of her own. The question remains unanswered, but maybe it will be addressed on the upcoming season of Don’t Be Tardy.

We will have to wait and see what is shown when it comes to that horrible incident, but Kim has other dog-related drama. A “fan” reported her to animal control after she posted a photo of her dogs in cages.

According to an article from Page Six, Kim explained the situation on Snpachat, “Apparently somebody thought it would be really cute to call the animal control center on my dogs today and say they were not being taken care of. I am utterly f–king disgusted and appalled by the person who did this. I will no longer be sharing any part of my dogs and their life on my social media any longer.”

Another day, another “fan” upset with Kim Zolciak‘s social media content. At least it’s giving her a break from people bashing her cosmetic procedures.

Since Kim was called out, she decided to call out one of her haters by posting a screen shot that the person posted in a Bravo fans Facebook group. Kim wrote, “Well here is one of the jealous idiots!! Her account needs to be reported please help!! Wait til you see my next post! #ItsRescuesSweetheart #BoredMuch #NeedsAJob.” This Kim hater included Kim’s photo from her (now-deleted) Snap and she even included Kim’s home address. How on earth did she know what Kim’s home address is? Clearly she’s been tracking their moves for a while.

Kim posted another screen shot and wrote, “Another gem!! She needs to be reported as well!! These people are sick”

Kim’s longtime chef and honorary family member Tracey Bloom stood up for her boss in a lengthy Instagram post. Part of Tracey’s caption included, “Today was especially upsetting because a stranger, a lurker, a hater, a judger, and perhaps even a ‘fan’ thought they should call animal services on my family because they felt that by viewing a post on snapchat that their animals were being mistreated. Animal services was not there long after seeing the impeccable conditions that the dogs were in.”

RELATED: Kim Zolciak Gives An Update On Her Son After Hospitalization For Dog Bite

TELL US – DID YOU SEE KIM’S SNAP OF HER DOGS? DOES KIM SEEM LIKE A GOOD PET OWNER? DID THE FAN RIGHTFULLY REPORT KIM OR DID THEY STEP OVER THE LINE?

[Photo Credit: Bravo]