'Black Panther' Stars Lupita Nyong'o and Danai Gurira Are Each Other's Biggest Fangirls The women of Marvel's newest film Black Panther already have the world talking about their powerful looks on the red carpet—and now they've got us melting over how they support each other. Lupita Nyong'o and Danai Gurira, who play Nakia and Okoye, sat down for an interview with E! News to talk about the movie and then magnificently derailed the conversation to fangirl out over each other.

When Gurira was asked about how her power in the film comes so naturally to her, she humbly hesitated and looked to Nyong'o for some backup with answering. Nyong'o took the opportunity to explain just how talented her friend and co-star is.

"Danai is fierce, but Danai is also a very skilled actor, and she is able to put her fierceness into the work she does," she explained. Nyong'o went on to describe how Gurira meticulously studies her roles to make them so believable: "Danai breathes fire into her character," Nyong'o said. "Really, straight up, like a dragon."

Gurira laughed and said, "I always wanted to be a dragon."

Gurira went on to describe just how amazed she is by Nyong'o's talents both on screen and on stage after working together on Eclipsed, a play she wrote and brought to Broadway.

"There's a smoothness to how she just delivers a character," Gurira said. "I was just watching her going, Oh my god... I'm just like, 'What the hell is this woman? What is she?'"

The pair went on to explain that their love is very real.

"It is a girl crush," Nyong'o said.

"Unfortunately, we're straight, but..." Gurira explained. "We've discussed this."

"Worst comes to worse, you know..." Nyong'o teased.

The interviewer asked how many years they'd wait before agreeing to spend their lives together.

"Ten? Ten," Nyong'o said. Gurira agreed.

Watch the entire love fest here.

Related Stories:

-Lupita Nyong'o Wore a Spectacular Warrior-Inspired Gown to the 'Black Panther' Premiere

-Black Lives Matter Cofounder: 'Black Panther' Reflects a Cultural Shift in Hollywood—and in America

-Why Lupita Nyong'o Isn't a Fan of the Term 'African American Hair'