Keeping Up With The Kardashians: Kim Kardashian says Kanye West 'can't control what he says Kim Kardashian has not had it easy with her husband Kanye West. He had a mental breakdown in 2017 and had to visit the hospital; he later said he was on pain medication, then denied that too.

And in May he visited TMZ Live where he made some unsettling comments about slavery.

And in a teaser for this week's episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians, the 38-year-old siren will talk about her husband's bizarre antics. 'When he gets ramped up, he can't control what he says,' the mother-of-three says.

That's just the way he is! Kim Kardashian said Kanye West can sometimes not control what he says in a teaser for Sunday's KUWTK

Well, that explains it! . 'When he gets ramped up, he can't control what he says,' the mother-of-three says

Kanye has said some eye-rolling things on TMZ Live like, 'When you hear about slavery for 400 years. For 400 years?! That sounds like a choice. Like, you were there for 400 years? And it’s all y’all?'

And the rapper also discussed why he wears his MAGA hat.

'You can't tell me what I'm supposed to do ... I don't subscribe to icons. You take the Nazi symbol, if you go to India, it is all over the place, but it doesn't represent that. It represents something different. So to me to wear that [MAGA] hat means I want to make America great in my own way,' she said.

On Sunday's episode Kim returned to Paris where she was robbed in October 2016.

She and West attended Virgil Abloh's first Louis Vuitton show as the brand's creative director.

They are going strong: The couple was seen at the Versace presentation in New York on Sunday

The episode kicked off with an intimate conversation between Kim and Kanye, where the Life Of Pablo rapper gently encouraged his wife to attend the runway show.

'I don't want to put any pressure on you to go to Paris,' he said. 'I think just for the culture, for Kim K to show up to the first black designer at [a] Louis Vuitton show, the world would just love to see you there.'

The Kardashian responded: 'I have to think about it.'

Deep discussion: The episode kicked off with an intimate conversation between Kim and husband Kanye West, where the Life Of Pablo rapper gently encouraged his wife to attend the Virgil Abloh's Louis Vuitton fashion show

'I don't want to put any pressure on you to go to Paris,' he said. 'I think just for the culture, for Kim K to show up to the first black designer at [a] Louis Vuitton show, the world would just love to see you there'

'I have to think about it,' she responded

During a confessional, Kim was weary about her decision to attend.

'I definitely want to be there to support Kanye and Virgil,' she said. 'But the last time I was there it was a horrific experience for me. I'm going really cautiously. You never know what could happen.'

Kris Jenner applauded her middle daughter for being brave enough to return to France.

'You're a really good friend to go back to a place where you're not the most comfortable,' she said. 'But it's good putting your toe in the water.'

During a confessional, Kim was weary about her decision to attend. 'I definitely want to be there to support Kanye and Virgil,' she said. 'But the last time I was there it was a horrific experience for me. I'm going really cautiously. You never know what could happen'

Kris Jenner applauded her middle daughter for being brave enough to return to France. 'You're a really good friend to go back to a place where you're not the most comfortable,' she said. 'But it's good putting your toe in the water'

The KKW Beauty founder was hoping she could revive her love for Paris during her one-day trip with West.

'I hope that this trip is so good that I start to remember all the magical things about Paris and why Kanye and I fell in love with it,' she said.

Once in the City Of Lights, Kim tried to stay positive despite a security snag.

The couple's detail arrived late to their hotel, ultimately delaying Kim and Kanye's arrival to the Louis Vuitton show.

The KKW Beauty founder was hoping she could revive her love for Paris during her one-day trip with West. 'I hope that this trip is so good that I start to remember all the magical things about Paris and why Kanye and I fell in love with it,' she said

Once in the City Of Lights, Kim tried to stay positive despite a security snag. The couple's detail arrived late to their hotel, ultimately delaying Kim and Kanye's arrival to the show

Excuse me: The couple were bombarded by fans and paparazzi as they walked into the event

Safely back in the states, Kim reflected on her trip.

'Kanye and Virgil had the sweetest moment, they were both crying,' she said.

'It was just such an emotional day. The fact that Virgil's come this far. It's just, it's like a symbol. Like, they made it. They did it. They're taking over the fashion world when everyone told them they couldn't do it.'

She added: 'I don't think I'll forget my experiences in Paris, the good or the bad, and I think that's okay. Thinking about it, I think I could go back.'

Keeping Up With The Kardashians available to stream Mondays in the Uk & Ireland on hayu.

Safely back in the states, Kim reflected on her trip. 'I don't think I'll forget my experiences in Paris, the good or the bad, and I think that's okay,' she said. 'I think I could go back'

Touching: Kanye and Virgil shared an emotional moment following the fashion show