Chadwick Boseman most important thing Black Panther global, avengers (Photo by Marvel/Disney/Kobal/REX/Shutterstock (9360960bx)

Black Panther broke all kinds of records when it swept across the world: it made over $1.3 billion (£974 million) in the global box office, had an African American director, African American writers and boasted an almost entirely black cast.

Set in Africa, the film’s soundtrack even features African American artists, including Sza and the lyrical wonderman Kendrick Lamar.

But for Chadwick Boseman, the success of the film didn’t register until he started promoting the film across the world.

In an extensive interview with Esquire, the actor admitted that he initially hadn’t been sure how the world was going to receive the film.

‘We premiered the movie in Korea, in London, after the LA premiere, we started to see how the world was going to receive it.

‘We knew that a lot of black people were excited about the movie. But I think when we started to see the response overseas, that’s when I started to go, ‘Oh, wow, this is a big deal’.

Legendary director Quentin Tarantino gushed about the film, saying it was the ‘kind of movie the whole world was waiting to see’.

Black Panther is seen as a phenomenon – a cultural benchmark – and it became the highest grossing superhero ever in the US.

For the T’Challa actor, the film’s success meant more than just numbers and records – it changed the face of blockbusters.

‘Studios will very often tell you that movies with a black lead are not going to work overseas.

To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Up Next Previous Page Next Page

‘So I think that was the thing for me – this means something everywhere in the world. I know at that point it could actually change how studios respond to our movies’.

He added: ‘You can no longer say definitively, ‘Black movies don’t work [outside of the US]’.

And for all those who are getting T’Challa and Dora Milaje withdrawal symptoms – don’t fret.

Marvel Studios President Kevin Feige confirmed that there will be a sequel (yes!).

In an interview with Entertainment Weekly about the possibility of a Black Panther 2, he said:’We absolutely will do that’.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

Arrow MORE: Black Panther’s Chadwick Boseman isn’t the first superhero to be annoyed with fame