Scott Disick shares picture of Sofia Richie massaging his feet as loved-up pair relax on the beach for his 35th birthday Scott Disick shares picture of Sofia Richie massaging his feet as loved-up pair relax on the beach for his 35th birthday

The pair are currently in St Barts along with Scott's three kids

Scott Disick admits to dating 19-Year-Old Sofia Richie

Scott Disick and Sofia Richie are enjoying yet another luxury holiday to celebrate the reality star's 35th birthday.

ŌĆī



The pair flew to St Barts this week along with Scott's kids, Mason, eight, Penelope, five, and Reign, three.

ŌĆī



While Sofia holidaying with the kids is a sure enough sign that the loved-up pair are more serious than ever, Scott also proudly shared a candid snap of his 19-year-old girlfriend massaging his feet on Sunday.

ŌĆī



The picture shows Lionel Richie's daughter, who has been dating Scott since last summer, sitting in front of him rubbing his feet as he lays down, with the ocean spread out in front of them.

"Could be worse," he captioned it (Image: Instagram/letthelordbewithyou)

"Could be worse," the 35-year-old captioned the picture.

ŌĆī



Their pet pooch also makes a starring role in the snap.

The previous day Sofia publicly professed her love for her boyfriend while wishing him a happy birthday on Instagram.

While she usually keeps their romance on the down-low when it comes to social media, she proudly shared a snap of them cuddling up alongside the sweet message: "Happy Birthday babe! Thank you for being you. Love you."

ŌĆī



Sofia Richie publicly declares love for boyfriend Scott Disick on his 35th birthday READ MORE :

(Image: Instagram/sofiarichie)

Content cannot be displayed without consent

With a 16 year age gap, many thought their relationship wouldn't last - but these recent posts appear to prove the pair are stronger than ever.

ŌĆī



Dad-of-three Scott also received a handful of social media messages from the Kardashians on his big day.

Khloe, who recently welcomed daughter True Thompson, posted four vintage snaps of her and Scott, including one of her slapping him across the face.

"We came a long way. Remember when I slapped you?" Khloe jokingly captioned it.

ŌĆī



The pair started dating last year (Image: Getty Images North America) The pair at an event in Miami beach in December (Image: Getty Images North America)

Kim also shared a series of funny pictures of the pair of them together over the years.

Article continues below

One showed a US magazine cover that claimed Scott was 'in love' with Kim, while another showed the birthday boy playing third wheel as the reality star walked hand-in-hand with husband Kanye West.

Scott himself uploaded pictures of him and his three kids, including an adorable snap of daughter Penelope who laid out dozens of flowers to spell 'dad'.