Zac Efron and Alexandra Daddario spark dating rumors as they buy pet supplies together They sparked romance rumors when they co-starred in the Baywatch reboot last year.

And on Wednesday, Zac Efron, 30, and Alexandra Daddario, 32, added fuel to the dating flames as the two were spotted visiting a neighborhood pet store in Los Feliz.

The rumored couple were all smiles as they browsed through the dog toys with their two pets in tow.

Puppy love: Zac Efron and Alexandra Daddario fuel dating rumors as the two visit a neighborhood pet store in Los Feliz

Zac dressed casually for the outing, clad in a black cotton Alternative Apparel shirt and dark green pants.

He kept his black sunglasses on inside the store and looked undercover in his olive green hat with the number three displayed on the front.

The Greatest Showman actor also added a couple of colorful bracelets on his wrists.

On the hunt: The pair looked every part the happy couple as they looked at dog toys and held on tightly to their two pets

Man's best friend: In 2016, Zac mourned the death of his precious pooch Puppy, but it seems the actor has since adopted a pitbull mix

Alexandra was ready to play with the precious dogs in a black-and-white striped sweater with red trim around the wrists.

She showed off her enviably long legs in black workout pants and sported a pair of pink and grey lace-up sneakers.

The blue-eyed beauty kept her shoulder length brown tresses down and donned a pair of black sunglasses on her head.

Casual date: Zac donned a laid-back look in a black cotton shirt and pants while Alexandra wore a black-and white striped sweater

Loading up: The smiling pair picked up a dog crate along with some dog treats at the Los Feliz store

The pair looked every part the happy couple as they picked up a dog crate and loaded it into Alexandra's white Ford Explorer outside.

In 2016, Zac publicly mourned the passing of his beloved pooch Puppy, but it seems the former Disney star has adopted a new furry friend.

Alexandra held on to the pink leash of the grey pitbull mix, who kept company with her own precious puppy, Levon.

Carpooling: The duo reportedly laughed while they sat in traffic in Alexandra's white Ford Explorer

All tied up: Once outside, the New York native threw her dark shades over her eyes and kept her belongings close in a blue Burberry purse strapped across her chest

Teamwork: Romance rumors first swirled last summer when gossip site Hollywood Life reported that the pair had been secretly dating for months

Once outside, the New York native threw her dark shades over her eyes and kept her belongings close in a blue Burberry purse strapped across her chest.

She also clutched on to a blue bag filled with some dog goodies that her and Zac had picked up inside the store.

Romance rumors first swirled last summer when gossip site Hollywood Life reported that the pair had been secretly dating for months.

'Good friends': Alexandra denied the rumors, telling E! News that her and Zac were nothing more than close pals

Easy does it: Zac loaded the dog crate into the trunk while Alexandra held on to their dogs

Alexandra spoke to E! News about their supposed courtship and insisted that they were just 'good friends.'

But things might have changed since, with Zac getting fans' hopes up after he posted a heartfelt message about the Baywatch starlet on her birthday to his Instagram earlier this month.

'Happy birthday to one of the the most real, down to (earth emoji), stunning, intelligent, creative, loving, and most rare Pokémon ever created #alexdaddario,' wrote the actor.

Instagram official? Zac got the pair's fans hopes up after posting a heartfelt message to the actress on her birthday on social media earlier this month

Fire to the flames: 'Happy birthday to one of the the most real, down to (earth emoji), stunning, intelligent, creative, loving, and most rare Pokémon ever created #alexdaddario,'wrote the actor

Zac has recently been filming for his new movie Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile, where he stars as Ted Bundy.

The film - directed by Paradise Lost: The Child of Murders at Robin Hood Hills filmmaker Joe Berlinger - tells the shocking true story of Bundy, who raped and murdered numerous young women during a killing spree in the 1970s that shocked America and the world.

Bundy chose to represent himself at the trial, which was broadcast on national television, and appeared to develop something of a rapport with the judge.

The script has been written by Michael Werwie and is thought to explore the crimes of the killer through the eyes of Bundy's girlfriend.