Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's baby son Saint 'will NOT appear on KUWTK' He might be only three days old, but Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have already decided to keep their baby son, Saint, out of the limelight for a while.

According to TMZ, the married couple have decided not to allow their second child to appear on reality show, Keeping Up With The Kardashians, for the foreseeable future.

North, two, was kept off the programme for the first year of her life and the family only allowed her to appear on 'special episodes' under tightly controlled conditions.

Scroll down for video

Taking care: He might be only three days old, but Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have already decided to keep their baby son, Saint, out of the limelight for a while

The site adds that the birth was not filmed for the show either as Kim, 35, and Kanye, 38, wanted to keep things private.

Kim's baby arrived 20 days early and her website was soon updated as she told her followers the happy news.

'KANYE AND I WELCOME OUR BABY BOY!' said the posting and they also confirmed his weight; 8lbs 1oz.

See more from Kim Kardashian as she and Kanye vow that Saint will not appear in KUWTK

'To our fans': The reality star announced the baby's moniker via her subscription based website

And a statement read: 'Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West welcomed the arrival of their son this morning. Mother and son are doing well.'

Kim revealed last week on her website that she was having trouble settling on a suitable moniker for her little boy.

When asked what she currently 'dislikes' in a Q&A, she answered: 'All baby names I am hearing. We need to think of a good name. This is so hard!'

The chosen name has garnered both positive and negative reactions with fans creating hilarious memes about their decision to give their child such an unusual name.

Kim had a tricky time giving birth to her little boy as she had placenta accreta, a serious pregnancy condition in which the placenta grows too deeply into the uterine wall.

This can cause severe blood loss after delivery and Kim described her natural birth as the most 'painful experience ever.'

Growing family: Kim and Kanye pictured with two-year-old daughter North West in April



