Why Did a Third S.N.L. Cast Member Silently Leave the Show Last Night? Still it’s hard not to see that S.N.L. has its favorite children. In 2002, the entire cast stopped to pay homage to Will Ferrell. When Andy Samberg and Kristen Wiig left the show in 2012, it was Wiig alone who got a massive, emotional farewell featuring Mick Jagger. (According to Lorne Michaels, Samberg and wasn’t quite sure about his departures at the time.) And in addition to their tearful farewells at the end of their episodes in 2013, Bill Hader and Fred Armisen each got goodbye sketches tailored to their particular tastes—a star-studded Stefon wedding for Hader and a musical-star-studded number for Armisen. And in 2014, a departing Seth Meyers was greeted by ghosts of “Weekend Update” past as he gave his final news report mid-season.

You could argue that Bayer, Moynihan, and certainly the under-used Zamata were never S.N.L. stars the way Ferrell, Wiig, Hader, Armisen, and Meyers were. They’re more on-par with the likes of Rachel Dratch, Chris Parnell, and Horatio Sanz who were all cut—without any on-air ado—for budgetary reasons in 2006. “It still stung a little because you don’t ever want to be let go,” Parnell told Vulture years later. “I was a little burnt out, so it was all right.”

But what’s also true about this new, well-watched era of Saturday Night Live is that the likes of Moynihan, Bayer, and Zamata have even less of a chance than they did before of breaking out the way stars of S.N.L. past did. S.N.L. hit ratings and critical gold this year by leaning heavily on Baldwin and Melissa McCarthy to recur in their show-stopping sketches. Baldwin joked during The Rock’s monologue this week, “What a season this has been. . .for me . . .I can’t take all the credit. What do you call those pale people who take the subway?” “The writers,” Johnson joked back. It was a funny acknowledgment of the excessive attention Baldwin has received, but the joke landed so well because it’s rooted in the truth that, even more than usual, the S.N.L. cast felt like supporting players this year. When The Rock’s episode of S.N.L. ended on the West Coast this week, an old re-run with Jim Carrey and, fittingly, Soundgarden, it was a shock to see the political cold open featuring Bob Dole, Ted Koppel, and Bill Clinton played entirely by existing cast members Darrell Hammond (doing double duty) and Norm McDonald. It’s easy to forget that, no pun intended, that was once the norm.