Relive Kaia Gerber’s First New York Fashion Week—A Total Teenage Dream Admit it: Kaia Gerber makes this whole modeling thing look easy. At just 16, the daughter of supermodel Cindy Crawford went from taking her driver’s test to making her runway debut at Calvin Klein a few days later—and that was just the beginning of her adventure. Instantly becoming the model of the moment, Gerber spent her very first New York Fashion Week walking for Alexander Wang, Marc Jacobs, and even Rihanna. Not bad for a newbie, though Gerber isn’t your ordinary rising star.

As seen behind the scenes of her big week, Gerber didn’t just conquer the runways, she took all of New York by storm, and everywhere she went, she brought a little fashion magic with her. Chilling in a suite at the Plaza with fellow teen stars Cara Taylor and Faretta, she turned room service into a mini editorial; later dancing in Times Square, she gave tourists an eyeful of the latest runway looks. Playing on set in sparkling Gucci, Gerber found the humor in that infamous crystal-covered bodysuit, and posing in a downtown alleyway, she even pulled onlookers into the shoot.

Handling the chaos of the spotlight with wit and charm, Gerber brought a smile to the face of everyone she encountered and an upbeat sense of joy to the hard work of Fashion Week. How do you become a supermodel in training on your first go-round? Turns out it’s not about looks, clicks, or even a famous last name—it’s about delivering charisma and grace, something Gerber managed with ease. A trip through her whirlwind week is all about fun, family, and the force of personality.

Kaia in: A-Morir sunglasses; Alexander Wang jacket and boots; Alexandre Vauthier; Balenciaga sunglasses; Calvin Klein; Chanel choker and gloves; Chrome Hearts; Gucci tank, top, shorts, leggings, mask, and heels; Miu Miu coat; Oscar de la Renta earrings; Prada top; Prada skirt; Raf Simons sweater; Marco De Vincenzo shoes; Saint Laurent shoes

Cara in: Balenciaga necklace; Jennifer Fisher earrings; Paco Rabanne; Tom Ford shoes; Andy Wolf eyewear

Faretta in: Paco Rabanne dress; Andy Wolf eyewear