Miley Cyrus Returns With New Single ‘Nothing Breaks Like a Heart’ Miley Cyrus is back with another banger! The pop star and Mark Ronson released their new single and music video, “Nothing Breaks Like a Heart,” on Thursday, November 29.

Related: Miley Cyrus: Then and Now Miley Cyrus has come a long way since her Hannah Montana days. Still, there's a little Disney left in the envelope-pushing, aggressively sexual, pants-eschewing Cyrus that's currently in action today. Click through our gallery to see how the singer has remained true to herself despite having undergone a massive makeover.

This is the first time that Cyrus, 26, has dropped new music since her 2017 album, Younger Now, which featured the hit single “Malibu.” She started teasing “Nothing Breaks Like a Heart” on social media on Monday, November 26, and continued to share video clips leading up to the release.

The Hannah Montana alum and Ronson, 43, are set to perform the tune, which will appear on his upcoming fifth album, during the December 15 episode of Saturday Night Live.

Related: Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth’s Love Story More than two years after calling off their engagement, exes Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth have reunited — Us Weekly tracks their romantic ups and downs

“I had my manager reach out to her, but we never hooked up. Then a few months ago, I sent a little idea for the chorus of this song and she wrote right back,” the “Uptown Funk” producer recently told Official Charts.

Since recording the track, Cyrus lost the Malibu home she shared with her fiancé, Liam Hemsworth, in the devastating wildfires that swept through Southern California earlier this month.

Related: Miley Cyrus’ Raciest Outfits Long before Miley Cyrus had her fans' jaws dropping in her racy number at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday, Aug. 25, the former Disney star was turning heads in a whole string of racy outfits as she transitioned from a child actress to a full-fledged edgy, sexy entertainer. See her transformation — and raciest outfits! -- here.

“She is such a positive person,” Ronson told the U.K. website. “She’s like the phoenix. I’m sure she’s going to build a beautiful house with all her pigs and dogs and she’ll turn it into something magical.”