Rita Ora kisses Cardi B in the new video for controversial track ‘Girls’ Rita Ora has released a video for her controversial track ‘Girls’.

The song – which also features Cardi B, Charli XCX and Bebe Rexha – was released last month. It quickly faced backlash from the LGBTQ+ community, with pop singer Hayley Kiyoko and R&B artist Kehlani criticising the track for being “downright tone-deaf.”

Advertisement

Kiyoko later released a statement claiming that the song “does more harm than good for the LGBTQ+ community” and Kehlani hit out at the song for its “harmful lyrics”.

A video for the track has been released and features a hologram of Cardi B kissing Ora. You can watch it below.

Ora previously apologised for any offense caused, stating: “‘Girls’ was written to represent my truth and is an accurate account of a very real and honest experience in my life. I have had romantic relationships with women and men throughout my life and this is my personal journey.

“I am sorry how I expressed myself in my song has hurt anyone,” she continued on Twitter. “I would never intentionally cause harm to other LGBTQ+ people or anyone. Looking forward, I hope that continuing to express myself through my art will empower my fans to feel as proud of themselves as I’m learning to feel about who I am.”

Recommended

She added she is “ever thankful” to her fans for teaching her to “love myself no matter what”. “I have strived to be a contributor to the LGBTQ+ community throughout my entire career and always will be,” she finished.

Cardi B also defended the track, writing on Twitter, “Listen to “GIRLS” by Rita Ora ft me @BebeRexha @charli_xcx .We never try to cause harm or had bad intentions with the song .I personally myself had experiences with other woman ,shiieeett with a lot of woman ! I though the song was a good song and i remember my experience .”

She later added, “I know i have use words before that i wasn’t aware that they are offensive to the LGBT community .I apologize for that .Not everybody knows the correct “terms “to use.I learned and i stopped using it.”