Tracee Ellis Ross embraces her casual chic style in white top and striped skirt She's Emmy-nominated again for her acting skills on Black-ish.

But Tracee Ellis Ross decided to show off her innate style skills as she dressed to impress at the Glamour x Tory Burch event in Los Angeles on Sunday.

The 45-year-old beauty took a casual spin on her flawless fashion sense as she rocked a white billowing top and striped skirt for the star-studded soiree.

Style maven: Tracee Ellis Ross, 45, decided to show off her innate style skills as she dressed to impress at the Glamour x Tory Burch event in Los Angeles on Sunday

Daring to impress, the stunner paired the simple yet chic top with a white-striped sky blue skirt that cut just above her ankles.

She accessorized the rustic look with a woven bracelet, matching Mark Cross hand bag, and a pair of open-toed sandals.

Her trademark raven tresses were styled in two fashionable braids as they cascaded over her shoulders.

Meanwhile, the star revealed the wonderful upbringing she had with her super famous mother Diana Ross in the September issue of Elle Canada.

Casual: The beauty took a casual spin on her flawless fashion sense as she rocked a white billowing top and striped skirt for the star-studded soiree

The actress is featured on the cover as she explained: 'I felt like I grew up in her embrace, not her shadow' regarding the lead singer of The Supremes.

'And that is a testament to her. [Her children] were always more important than fame,' she added.

'That monster of fame that we see take down so many people with bright lights—my mother protected her light. I don’t know how. But she is a better parent than she is "Diana Ross"'

Impressive: Daring to impress, the stunner paired the simple yet chic top with a white-striped sky blue skirt that cut just above her ankles, and she carried a Mark Cross handbag

On her fashion sense, the star said: 'I’m a very visual person. I worked as a fashion editor [at Mirabella], and I’m inspired by art and proportion. I’ve always had a strong point of view, and I’m really specific. I’ve truly been this pain in the ass since a very young age.

And she agreed her love of fashion was innate.

'Yes, I came out like that. There are pictures of me from before I could talk, naked, wearing Mom’s high heels,' she explained.