Cristiano Ronaldo and Georgina Rodriguez cosy up on romantic break They welcomed their daughter Alana Martina four months ago, after a year of romance.

And Cristiano Ronaldo and Georgina Rodriguez certainly looked more loved-up than ever on Tuesday, as they continued to enjoy their romantic winter getaway.

Enjoying some alone time away from their parenting duties, the footballer, 33, and his 24-year-old girlfriend explored caves in the holiday hot spot, before they cosied up for a sweet Instagram snap in a stunning outdoor pool.

Say cheese! Cristiano Ronaldo and Georgina Rodriguez certainly looked more loved-up than ever on Tuesday, as they continued to enjoy their romantic winter getaway

The couple first posed together in matching orange hard hats, as they explored a cave during an action-packed day out in their location.

Sporting minimal make-up and sweeping her hair into the hat, Georgina proved she was glowing as a new mother as she beamed widely beside her beau.

Clearly keen to relax after their busy day, the model went on to share a second snap of the pair cuddling up in an outdoor pool - looking the picture of love as she wrapped an arm tightly around his shoulders.

'Amazing day': Clearly keen to relax after their busy day, the model went on to share a second snap of the pair cuddling up in an outdoor pool

She and the footballer both shared the image to their Instagram pages, with the affectionate caption: 'Amazing day'.

The pair jetted off to relax on Monday, and have shared a slew of loved-up snaps ever since.

The footballer was seen packing on the PDA with the brunette beauty during their trip - leaning in for a sweet kiss, cuddling up in the snow and sharing a helicopter ride together inInstagram snaps shared by Georgina.

Pucker up! The pair jetted off to relax on Monday, and have shared a slew of loved-up snaps ever since

Jetset: The iconic footballer, 33, and his 24-year-old partner, looked closer than ever as they packed on the PDA during their trip

Georgina looked classically chic for her day in the snow, clad in a blue quilted jacket with furry hood, skinny jeans and tan climbing boots.

Her brunette tresses were styled in a sleek updo with a tousled fringe, while a simple slick of rose lipstick accentuated her plump pout.

Hunky Ronaldo, who gave the thumbs up in the snap, donned a matching ensemble to his love, paired with a navy blue woollen hat.

Reflecting the pair's blossoming romance, the brunette beauty captioned the shot 'Amor infinito' meaning infinite love.

Snow problem: Reflecting the pair's blossoming romance, the brunette beauty captioned the shot 'Amor infinito' meaning infinite love

Another photo saw the pair sharing a kiss in front of a spectacular mountain view, as they warmed up with hot drinks in a cafe.

Toasting as they smooched, the couple looked the epitome of romantic bliss as they enjoyed their quality time together.

They also donned matching orange suits and blue metallic helmets for a fun ride on a snowmobile, with Georgina capturing the special moment on her Instagram story.

Relaxing: They also donned matching orange suits and blue metallic helmets for a fun ride on a snowmobile, with Georgina capturing the special moment on her Instagram story

The pair were first spotted on a date in November 2016 with their romance going from strength to strength since, and baby Alana arriving one year later.

He also expanded his family in June with surrogate twins Eva and Mateo, who were born in a US hospital and brought back to Madrid where he lives by his doting mum.

His eldest son Cristiano Jnr, seven, is also thought to have been born to a surrogate mother in the States.

Close: Georgina held into her hunky beau as the pair whizzed along

Last week Ronaldo said: 'Being a father is a unique and personal journey, something that has changed me completely.

'It's taught me things about love that I never knew existed. It has softened me and given me a different perspective on what is really important in my life.

'I can't wait to be a dad again. Being a father and seeing my family grow is without doubt the greatest privilege I've had.

'Spending time with them, being by their side, smiling and laughing with them. They've brought a lot of happiness and joy to my life.'