Why We Keep Loving Zac Efron, No Matter How Many Times He Fails Zac Efron’s career path is inscrutable. From the mid-aughts Disney musicals that first endeared him to millions of tween girls worldwide, to torpid indies set in Florida swamps, to would-be prestige pictures, to inane ensemble rom-coms, to frat-bro bait, Efron’s IMDB profile represents nothing less than the chaos of our very universe, writ small. Garry Marshall films are sandwiched between appearances on Robot Chicken; there are three High School Musicals and one of them actually played in theaters; and he is about to headline a film about a party promoter turned aspiring D.J. titled We Are Your Friends.

As a human, a brand, a Hollywood actor, a fantasy receptacle, Zac Efron seems to have no real plan, or no real confidence in executing one. He told E.W. this much in 2009, after spontaneously dropping out of the Footloose remake for fear of being typecast: “I think the hardest thing about being young and in the business is that a lot of opportunities present themselves and there’s no road map.” You can practically hear him reminiscing about the days when all he had to do was extend a hearty jazz hand to Vanessa Hudgens to pull in crazy bank.

But this tangible fear, this raw insecurity, is what endears us to Efron: he’s a lost little boy who just wants to be loved, and who’ll do anything—including, but not limited to, letting Nicole Kidman pee on him—to find that love. His efforts to find himself are so obvious, so human, that our instinct isn’t to mock him, but to help him. What this means, ultimately, is that we’ll give Efron infinite chances to figure it out.

Zac began his career a blank slate—a bland, sexless, modern-day castrato—onto which 13-year-old girls projected their G-rated fantasies. The mid-aughts weren’t just the Last Great Years of Wild Spending in America, they were Efron’s blissfully ignorant golden years, too, filled to the brim with fluffy films about young men who love the theater and just want to harmonize with somebody about it. Watching each of these early movies—High School Musicals 1, 2, and 3; Me and Orson Welles; Hairspray—one is struck by little else but Efron’s oft-changing hairstyles and the fact that his elfin visage bears no signs of stress about his soon-to-be uncertain future. There’s so much hope. And so much dancing.

But like many a Devon Sawa before him, Efron endured a rocky transition from tween idol to credible adult actor. He’s spent the years since High School Musical and the like struggling mightily—and admirably—to find his niche, transitioning from breathless-tween-girl magnet to buff, beer-swilling bro to moody indie darling to a person who drops condoms on red carpets at children’s movie premieres. And back again. It cannot be a coincidence that the one (and only) underlying commonality in all of Efron’s post-H.S.M. films is that they deal with young men in flux—men whose hubris and inner conflict about the onset of adulthood cause them to make ghastly mistakes. Men who got on the ride and want to get off, but don’t know how. Efron’s films, on some level, deal with Efron himself, a young man trying to ford the raging stream of cultural relevance without drowning in his own reflection.