Leonardo DiCaprio holds hands with ex Toni Garrn in NYC This perennial bachelor can't seem to make his mind up when it comes to his romantic affairs.

Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, appeared to be back in the arms of former flame Toni Garrn, as the movie star was pictured leaving a New York nightclub with the model on Saturday morning.

The duo - who ended their relationship in 2014 - were photographed holding hands as they exited 1Oak nightclub.

Scroll down for video

Back on? Leonardo DiCaprio left 1Oak nightclub with ex-girlfriend Toni Garrn on Saturday morning

Swift exit: Leo and Toni enjoyed a year-and-a-half relationship from May 2013 until December of 2014

Leonardo sheepishly separated from the leggy blonde when they were spotted by photographers but eyewitnesses say the duo ended up going home together.

Wearing his wardrobe staple baseball hat, the Django Unchained star tried to make a low key exit from the night spot.

He wore a navy shirt and jeans with trainers as he took the 25-year-old model's hand and led her away from the club.

The German-born beauty wore a plunging waistcoat with smart black trousers and draped a blazer over her shoulders to keep out the chill.

The actor reportedly arrived to the club with current love interest, model Lorena Rae, 23, and another female friend.

The duo - who ended their relationship in 2014 - were photographed holding hands as they strolled out of the club together

Act natural: Leonardo, 42, sheepishly separated from the leggy blonde when they were spotted by photographers but onlookers say the duo ended up going home together

Making a call: The actor walked a little behind Toni, 25, after realizing he'd been spotted

According to a fellow club-goer the women were spotted looking upset as they were forced to leave without the movie hunk.

The night prior Leo and Lorena were spotted partying together at Up&Down in New York and then heading to 1Oak before leaving together at 4am.

The Inception star has been enjoying numerous outings with Lorena in recent weeks and were first photographed together at a party in Monaco at the end of May.

Leo's rep has however denied that they're dating.

The German-born beauty wore a plunging waistcoat with smart black trousers and draped a blazer over her shoulders to keep out the chill

Watch your step! The actor had a little assistance navigating around some garbage left out on the sidewalk

Wearing his wardrobe staple baseball hat, the Django Unchained star kept his look low-key for the outing

Leo and Toni enjoyed a year-and-a-half relationship from May 2013 until December of 2014.

At the time of the split the actor was spotted at an Art Basel party in Miami, Florida sitting at a table with another woman, while Toni kept to herself.

The Revenant actor has been single since splitting from Sports Illustrated beauty Nina Agdal, 25, in May.

His longest relationship was with Gisele Bundchen, who is now married to football star Tom Brady.

Known for being a prolific modelizer, Leo has also dated Bar Refaeli, Erin Heatherton and Kelly Rohrbach among others.

Harem: Leo arrived to the club with rumored love interest Lorena Rae and another female friend

Cat who got the cream! The Revenant star looked very happy as he enjoyed another night on the town

Club nights: The movie star was seen entering the nightspot with a gaggle of ladies