Dwayne Johnson admits that he wants a son He's set to have his third daughter any day now as fiancée Lauren Hashian rapidly approaches her due date.

Yet Dwayne Johnson has admitted that although he loves being surrounded by the women in his life, he's desperate to have a son.

Speaking on The Graham Norton Show, which will air Friday, the 45-year-old actor confessed he's going to keep attempting to have a son because he 'likes trying'.

Daddy cool: Speaking on The Graham Norton Show Dwayne Johnson has admitted that although he loves being surrounded by the women in his life, he's desperate to have a son

Speaking about his heavily pregnant fiancée, he explained: 'It's a girl. I can't make boys, but I keep trying to – that's the fun part!'

Dwayne, also known as The Rock, is expecting his third child any day now - his second with fiancée Lauren Hashian.

The couple are planning on naming their new baby girl Tia, a name which has already received celebrity endorsement.

The genetically blessed pair share Jasmine, two, whilst Dwayne also has daughter, Simone, 16, from his marriage to Dany Garcia.

Cute couple: He's set to have his third daughter any day now as fiancée Lauren Hashian rapidly nears her due date. The couple share Jasmine, two, and Dwayne also has daughter, Simone, 16

Also appearing on the show was Naomie Harris, who when asked if she will be appearing in the new Bond film, admitted: 'I know nothing. I don't know if I am in it, but I do know they start shooting at the end of the year. I have cleared my diary in anticipation but I don't know.'

Asked why Rampage - in which she stars with Dwayne - was her next choice of role after being Oscar nominated for Moonlight, she says, 'It is a massive leap,but after Moonlight I got lots of offers that were really just the same role with different names.

'Rampage is a 100-million-miles from that character. It is a brilliant script and fantastic film.'

Coy: Also appearing on the show was Martin Freeman and Naomie Harris, who when asked if she will be appearing in the new Bond film, admitted: 'I know nothing!'

Change of pace: Naomie also spoke about why she took a role in Rampage - in which she stars with Dwayne - as her next choice of film after being Oscar nominated for Moonlight

Oops: Naomie went on to talk about the bungled Oscar results last year for Best Film, in which La La Land was mistakenly announced instead of Moonlight

She went on to talk about the bungled Oscar results last year for Best Film, in which La La Land was mistakenly announced instead of Moonlight, and she recalled: 'I eventually went up on stage but I was glued to my seat to begin with – I couldn't believe what was happening.

'I guess a moment like that will never happen again so it was kind of cool.'

Dwayne interjected: 'I was about to jump up on the stage and kick some a**. I really thought something was going down like a hijack or something.'

The Graham Norton Show, which also features Martin Freeman and a performance by Roger Daltrey, airs on BBC One, Friday 13th April 10.35pm.

One to watch: The Graham Norton Show airs on BBC One, Friday 13th April 10.35pm



