MTV VMAs: Demi Lovato stuns in a VERY daring gown while Katy Perry and Heidi show off their incredible cleavage at the VMAs The stars were battling it out for attention at the craziest awards show of the year

ATTENTION! MTV VMAs: Demi Lovato stuns in a VERY daring gown while Katy Perry and Heidi show off their incredible cleavage at the VMAs

THE MTV VMAs never shy from the outrageous and the glamorous and that’s just what pop’s finest brought tonight as they strutted in front of the cameras in LA.

Singer Demi Lovato freed her nipples in a daring see-through lace top which she teamed with sequinned harem pants and black high heels.

The singer, 25, smouldered into the camera lens and meant business with her smoky eye makeup, nude lips and cascading brunette locks which she wore in loose waves.

Host Katy Perry, 32, showed of her famous cleavage in white sculpted gown by Stéphane Rolland.

The sunning number plunged down to her midriff and had a dramatic cape detail on the right shoulder.

Katy accessorised with huge hoop earrings while her gold eye makeup as at a futuristic look to it.

Heidi Klum, 44, may not walk the Victoria’s Secret catwalk anymore but she showed off her model credentials in a sheer gold dress.

And while there were intricate lace and jewel details on the gown all eyes were on the German model’s killer cleavage.

She wore her blonde hair in a centre parting and kept it simple and straight, while she went for her usual smoky eye makeup.

Mel B let her dress do the talking quite literally, and appeared to send out a message to estranged husband Stephan Belafonte in a bright sequin dress.

Large letters said: “YOU WILL NEVER OWN ME”, while the back of it had an eye across her derriere.

Quirky New Zealander Lorde shunned her usual gothic look and instead opted for a ball gown fit for a princess.

The floor-length lilac Monique Lhuillier dress had a strapless bodice and feather skirt which she teamed with simple black heels.

The singer wore her hair in a wavy half up ‘do and kept her makeup minimal and natural.

Ed Sheeran may be up for Artist of the Year but that didn’t mean he bothered putting on a pair of shoes.

In garb that would have him refused entries for most clubs, the 26-year-old Brit pop powerhouse wore a pair of trainer, with some casual blue trousers, blue T-shirt and jacket.

Thankfully his date for the evening Jennie Pegouskie added some glam to the pairing.

The stunning model and dancer who stars in his Shape of You video was a vision in white wearing a matching boob tube, trousers, with a cape draped over her shoulders, and scarped her dark locks into a chic topknot.

Calvin Harris showcased some new facial hair tonight and arrived with a bushy ginger beard.

The dad-like beard wasn’t the only part of his style revamp, the 34-year-old also opted for a purple shirt with peacock feathers and a pair of grey slacks.

The outfit led one Twitter user to ask: “Why’s Calvin Harris look like he just set up a detective agency in Williamsburg?”

Paris Jackson, 19, managed to balance chic and edgy as she hit the blue carpet in a sheer tulle dress embroidered with flowers and mythical creatures.

Underneath she wore a Dior bra and kickers set and finished the look with some gold strappy heels.

Nicki Minaj took it back to Pink Friday in bubble-gum pink spandex.

The 34-year-old singer showed off her incredible curves in the daring and slightly uncomfortable looking number which she accessorised with diamonds, and wore her hair half pink, half blonde, down past her knees.

Vanessa Hudgens embraced the apparent sheer theme of the night in a stunning red Yanina Couture dress.

She added volume to her choppy brunette bob and had subtle red eye makeup to match her gown.

Singer Bebe Rexha showed off her curves in sheer dress with silver detail, which she appeared to go underwear free in.

She teamed it with chunky silver heels and went jewellery-free as she let the intricate dress design and bold makeup speak for itself.

Former X Factor winner James Arthur continues his rise back to the top, and walked the blue carpet in a military style jacket.

Pink decided to make the awards a family affair and a matching one at that.

Joined by husband Corey Hart and daughter Willow Sage, the family beamed as they all donned three-piece suits.

While Farrah Abraham and daughter Sophia, eight, went for a matching intergalactic look.

Amber Rose looked unrecognisable as she shunned her usual bleach blonde crop and wore a slick brunette wig.

She arrived with rapper 21 Savage and the pair looked at one another adoringly as they posed for cameras.

Always one to make a huge style statement, Kesha wore a huge tulle dress, which matched her light pink hair.

The singer made a confident return to the spotlight after a tough year and looked happy and healthy in front of the cameras.

Fall Out Boy turned up on the red carpet with two men in a llama suits, because why not?

And 30 Seconds to Mars’ Jared Leto didn’t care about clashing when he wore a red, green and blue sequined cape over a pink floral shirt.

The MTV VMAs is an annual event that honours the performers and creatives behind the best music videos of the past year and are broadcast live from The Forum in California.

Music videos released between 25 June 2016 and 23 June 2017 are eligible for the nominations list.

The categories include Video Of The Year, Artist Of The Year, Best New Artist, Best Collaboration, Best Pop, Best Hip Hop, Best Dance, Best Rock, Best Fight Against The System, Best Cinematography, Best Direction, Best Visual Effects, Best Editing and Best Choreography.

Kendrick Lamar leads the pack with an impressive eight nominations, including Video of the Year and Best Hip Hop. He’s closely followed by pop superstar Katy Perry who has racked up five nominations including Best Pop and Best Visual Effects for comeback track, Chained To The Rhythm.

Harry Styles has scored two nominations for his first solo single, Sign Of The Times, with both Best Visual Effects and Best Pop.

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.

We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.