Jessica Biel Shares Sweet Birthday Message to 'Super-Hot Dad' Justin Timberlake Justin Timberlake is getting spoiled with love!

The "Filthy" singer turned 37 on Wednesday and his wife, Jessica Biel, couldn't help but gush about her "super-hot" hubby on his birthday. Taking to Instagram, the actress shared a sweet picture of the two embracing each other.

"A picture says a thousand words. And thank goodness because there aren't enough to express ALL the aspects of my love and respect for you," Biel began her note. "Here's to a spectacular year ahead. I'm so proud of all you've accomplished and all that is ahead for you. Plus, you're a super-hot dad. A ninja dad. A kiddie teeth brushing, Jedi sleep mind tricking, intimidating dad voice disciplining SUPER HOT DAD. I love you, you hot dad. I'm here, right by your side, OG fan girl #1."

The Sinner star also cheered on her man, who will be performing at the Super Bowl LII halftime show on Sunday, and gave him some words of encouragement.

"Happy birthday, my beloved. Now go crush it this weekend at SB LII," she added.

Meanwhile, JT is preparing for his major performance by getting a birthday haircut.

"I feel like @djkhaled right now!!! NEW SONG ALERT! Birthday vibes!" he captioned his video. "Thanks everybody for the bday love!"

In the video, the "Say Something" crooner is getting groomed and also explained that his new album, Man of the Woods, is named after his son, Silas. "His name means 'of the woods,' so stop telling me I'm making a country album," he joked.

Timberlake is taking his return to the Super Bowl halftime stage very seriously. ET learned on Wednesday that the singer has been rehearsing for eight to 10 hours a day.

Leading up to his highly anticipated show, JT has also been sharing behind-the-scenes clips of his rehearsals.

Super Bowl LII will air live from Minneapolis' U.S. Bank Stadium on Sunday, Feb. 4, at 6:30 p.m. ET on NBC.

Here's what fans can expect from Timberlake's Super Bowl return:

RELATED CONTENT: