Get Rachel McAdams' Gorgeous Glow (5 Minutes With Her Makeup Artist!) Celeb Make Up Artist and Pond's spokesperson, Kayleen McAdams, gave us the scoop on everything from being a successful MUA to the stars, to her beauty essentials!

Q: Where did you get your start as a make up artist?

Kayleen: I'm from Canada so I started working in Toronto. It was a lot of commerical work, working on music videos, that sort of thing. I interned at Flare Magazine where I learned a lot from all sides of the industry. Then I moved to LA and started assisting on projects. I feel like there is no better way to learn that to actually be assisting on a set.

Q: You've worked on a lot of celebrities, how do you decide on a look for clients you are working on?

Kayleen: Sometimes people will have an idea of what they want, but mostly it's collaborative. I take into account the outfit, and I really like to talk to the hairdresser and see how they envision it. You want hair and everything to be cohesive so you take all that into account. Generally people have ideas and things that inspire them, too.

Q: What's your favorite look to create for your sister, Rachel [McAdams]?

Kayleen: She's very creative and likes a lot of different things. I know a lot of people that I work with that have a very specific look, but Rachel always like it to be different which makes it so great. She likes a lot of colors and styles; a heavy lash and nothing on the lips, or a fun lip and simple eye.

Q: What are some of your favorite products to use, such as a primer, sunscreen, lipgloss?

Kayleen: Primer - I really like Dior Skinflash for a primer, and Armani Foundation. For a lighter look, I like Jouer Luminizing Moisture Tint.

Sunscreen - For sunscreen I like Peter Thomas Roth, which is especially good for shoots. You can add it on top and it's easy to put on.

Mascara -Clinique Lash Power Mascara. It has the teeny tiniest little brush and I really like it for getting at the roots of the lashes. Then I can put heavier mascara at the ends. It deposits a lot of color close to the root of the lashes.

Lipgloss - I love Lancome. They make one called Simmer in their Juicy Tubes. It's kind of a great everyday color, peachy with a little bit of gold. I also really loves Nars Lip Gloss in Sandpiper.