Kylie Jenner's hairstylist reveals how to copy her new pink hair Kylie Jenner's hairstylist has detailed the unique mix of products he used to create the reality star's new pink hairstyle, revealing that the budget-friendly process can be recreated at home for less than $150.

The 21-year-old mother-of-one debuted her new hairstyle in a series of sultry Instagram posts shared on Thursday evening, before taking her new 'do out on the town for her best friend Jordyn Woods' 21st birthday.

And just hours later, 35-year-old Chris Appleton, longtime hairstylist to Kylie and her older sister Kim, shared the exact list of products he used to create her custom 'super frosted soft pink' shade, as well as step-by-step instructions for how to copy the look.

Pink to make them wink! Kylie Jenner's hairstylist has revealed the exact process he used in order to create the reality star's new pale pink look

Easy as can be! Chris, 35, revealed that the steps he took to transform the 21-year-old's hair can easily be repeated at home

Mix it up: The British-born hairstylist used two temporary tints from Lime Crime's Unicorn Hair range, which he mixed together to create the perfect shade of pink

'To color her hair, I mixed Lime Crime Unicorn Hair Tint in Kawaii ($16) and Bunny ($16) and then muted the color using Lime Crime Unicorn Hair Mixer in Dilute ($16),' he explained, before going on to reveal how to achieve an even color throughout the hair.

Family favorite: Chris also works closely with Kylie's older sister Kim Kardashian (pictured)

Chris advises dividing the hair into four sections, working from the front of the head to the back, and then from side to side, before securing it with clips.

'Work in one inch-wide stands,' he went on. 'Apply the color evenly from root to tip with an applicator brush.'

He then notes that you should make sure to begin at the root of the hair and apply the color evenly through to the ends of each strand.

To make sure that the color is evenly distributed, he says that you should then 'massage each strand with fingers, from root to tip' after applying the color.

The Lime Crime tints need to be left on for 45 minutes, however you don't need to wear a cap during this time, nor do you need to apply heat, as many other at-home or in-salon color requires. And, unlike a lot of professional-strength dyes and bleaches, Chris insists that 'Unicorn Hair will not damage your hair, because it does not contain any harsh chemicals or bleach'.

After leaving the tints for the full 45 minutes, he then says to 'rinse the hair in lukewarm water until hair feels clean', warning that you should not use any shampoo in the process, but that a conditioner can be applied for additional moisture and shine.

Transformation: Kylie modeled a new platinum blonde hairstyle for her 21st birthday a few weeks ago, a color for which Chris was also responsible

Bright and bold: Chris mixed two $16 Lime Crime Unicorn Hair tints (left and center) and then toned down the pink shade with the $16 Lime Crime Unicorn Hair Mixer in Dilute (right)

Protect: The hair pro used a variety of products to ensure that Kylie's hair remains in good condition, including Olaplex Bond Multiplier (left), and conditioners from Color Wow

'I used the Color Wow Security conditioner ($28),' he noted, before explaining that 'more intense shades' may show up in the water but that this doesn't mean they are being rinsed out of the hair.

The hairstylist also 'used Olaplex Bond Multiplier during the color process to keep the hair strong'; the professional-grade product, which can be purchased on a number of different websites for between $12 and $25, prevents damage and helps to rebuild broken hair.

To maintain the effects of the Olaplex, Chris also followed it up with the Color Wow Kale Cocktail ($24) 'to reinforce the bonds of the hair', explaining that this step is vital in order to 'keep their hair in the best condition after a major transformation'.

'To finish, I layered the hair with Color Wow's Dream Coat ($28) to give it a perfect glossy finish,' he concluded.

And while this coloring process can be used by anyone and everyone wanting to experiment with temporary tints, Chris warned that the coloring products will work best 'with pre-bleached platinum to pale blonde hair', which is the color he gave Kylie just a few weeks ago, in time for her own 21st birthday.

But when it came to pal Jordyn's birthday celebrations, Kylie was more than happy to put her new pink style on show, joining her best friend for a night on the town in Los Angeles.

Kylie complemented her new pale pink locks with a deep brown dress that coordinated perfectly with the fun Barbie-style tresses, while earlier in the day she shared images of herself on Instagram modeling her latest hairstyle while wearing a tiny white dress.