Jennifer Lopez and James Corden mimic kid's dance moves She broke out on the scene as a Fly Girl for Nineties variety show In Living Color.

And now Jennifer Lopez is going back to her dancing roots in a very different way.

The 47-year-old actress copied children's dance moves alongside James Corden in a hilarious segment titled Toddlerography which aired on Monday night.

Scroll down for video

Moving and grooving: Jennifer Lopez copied children's dance moves alongside James Corden in a hilarious segment titled Toddlerography which aired on Monday night.

The hilarious gag was as part of the 38-year-old chat show host's Late Late Show Carpool Karaoke Primetime Special.

It all begins with the two stars chatting it up as they stretch in a dance studio.

James says: 'You think you're a great dancer? This class is going to make you rethink everything you thought you knew about dance.'

Warming up: It all begins with the two stars chatting it up as they stretch in a dance studio

Looking good: The 47-year-old actress looked in fantastic shape as she rocked a cropped sweater

Warning: James says: 'You think you're a great dancer? This class is going to make you rethink everything you thought you knew about dance'

Pro: J-Lo reacts with a cocky laugh and says she will be fine but the British funnyman warns her that the instructors are 'nightmares' and work on their own schedule

J-Lo reacts with a cocky laugh and says she will be fine but the British funnyman warns her that the instructors are 'nightmares' and work on their own schedule.

The girlfriend of Alex Rodriguez finally queries: 'Who are the instructors?'

James then points at a little boy who looks nervous as he says a faint hi before the host says: 'Don't look him in the eye.'

Interesting: J-Lo wonders who the instructor is before James points at a little boy who looks nervous as he says a faint hi

In the spirit: The two then hilariously tried to copy the kid's dance moves

In sync: At one point J-Lo and James performed a lookaway move

Cleaning up: They even rolled around on the ground with a few of the children

They begin mimicking each kid's dance moves including hops, rolling around on the floor, and even ended up in an inflatable pool with plastic balls.

Obviously the funny clip had to have an energetic soundtrack as it was set to her 2011 classic dance track On the Floor.

Jenny from the block looked absolutely stunning for the segment as she showed off her toned tummy in a white cropped sweater.

The quirky top featured a laced up design on the inside of the sleeve as she paired it with form-fitting black leggings and matching trainers by SUPRA.

Having a ball: The two stars ended up in an inflatable pool with plastic balls

Having fun: Jennifer even playfully tossed a few around

Her blonde locks, complete with fringe, were worn down flowing over her shoulders as she let her evergreen looks show with complimentary make-up.

James looked sporty in a burgundy American Apparel zip-up hoodie over a black T-Shirt, grey athletic shorts, and a bright red headband.

J-Lo was not the only big star on the special as Katy Perry was the featured guest in the Carpool Karaoke portion.

The jam: Obviously the funny clip had to have an energetic soundtrack as it was set to her 2011 classic dance track On the Floor