Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie’s divorce is on hold Divorce proceedings for Hollywood’s biggest breakup are taking a Pitt stop.

Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are not currently progressing toward a legal separation, nearly a year after the actress first filed to split from the “World War Z” star, E! News reported.

“The divorce is not moving forward right now,” an insider told the entertainment outlet. “They are taking a breather and seeing what happens.”

The source said it remains “up in the air” whether Pitt and Jolie could reconcile their relationship, but told E! News that Pitt is now sober and has been “working on self-improvement.”

Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt’s divorce has stalled.

“A lot has changed since Angelina filed,” the source said.

The A-listers separated last September after two years of marriage and 12 years as a couple, with Jolie citing “irreconcilable differences.” Her attorney said the divorce filing was for “the health of the family.”

Their six children have been living with Jolie since.

In May, Pitt admitted in an interview with GQ that he had been “boozing too much” and said he’d been sober at that point for half a year.

“I’ve got my feelings in my fingertips again,” he told the magazine.

Jolie, meanwhile, spoke about life after their split in a Vanity Fair article published late last month, and called the past 11 months “the hardest time.”

She added that there were no major issues with the way she or Pitt were living before the split.

“(Our lifestyle) was not in any way a negative,” she told the magazine. “That is and will remain one of the wonderful opportunities we were able to give our children…We’re all just healing from the events that led to the filing…They’re not healing from divorce. They’re healing from some…from life, from things in life.”

The E! News report that the divorce has stalled comes shortly after a source shared a similar sentiment to Us Weekly.

“The divorce is off,” an insider told the magazine. “They haven’t done anything to move it forward in several months and no one thinks they are ever going to.”