The Voice: Kelly Clarkson sings and cries on her 36th birthday Kelly Clarkson shed some tears on her 36th birthday on Tuesday as her protege D.R. King was eliminated from The Voice.

D.R., a 34-year-old Ohio resident, was left in the bottom two of the top 12 after a vote from the public.

He was left to sing for survival with a track he chose himself and went with The Temptations' 1972 hit Papa Was A Rolling Stone.

Birthday girl: Kelly Clarkson celebrated her 36th birthday on Tuesday with a live performance on The Voice along with her team members

'I'm puzzled why you're even in the bottom two. D.R you have the sickest range on this show, you have so much soul, so much rock and roll. Please America, for my birthday, vote D.R.,' urged Kelly whose birthday fell on the live show.

The Breakaway singer added: 'It's gonna be horrible if you make me cry on my birthday, because you know I'll cry. Don't make me sad, he's so good y'all. …He can sing anything, don't miss it, open your eyes, open your ears.'

But D.R. was sent home after a final sing-off with Rayshun LaMarr, a 33-year-old Maryland man from Adam Levine's team.

Rayshun won the final vote with Tina Turner's I Can't Stand The Rain.

Survival song: D.R. King of Kelly's team was forced to sing for survival after finishing in the bottom two

Strong effort: The Ohio resident belted out the Temptations' 1972 hit Papa Was A Rolling Stone

The winner: Rayshun Lamarr also finished in the bottom two and sang Tina Turner's I Can't Stand The Rain

'You are a spectacular talent, that I happen to think is one of the best performers we have this season, it would be a crime if this dude didn't make it to the next week,' said Maroon 5 frontman Adam.

'Thank you so much for believing in me,' D.R. told Kelly before he left.

Rayshun told Adam: 'I'm thankful man, it's a blessing to have you in my life.'

Tears ready: Kelly told the audience she would cry on her birthday if D.R. wasn't picked

Only one: Carson Daly stood by D.R. and Rayshun as only one of them could advance

The coaches: Adam Levine, Alicia Keys, Kelly and Blake Shelton watched the singers perform

Poll Who will be the winning coach the season on The Voice? Kelly Clarkson Alicia Keys Adam Levine Blake Shelton Who will be the winning coach the season on The Voice? Kelly Clarkson 500 votes

Alicia Keys 338 votes

Adam Levine 140 votes

Blake Shelton 428 votes Now share your opinion





'You are such a valuable asset to this show…you have this spirit that nobody else has…there's no reason why you shouldn't be here man,' said Adam as Rayshun moved on to the next stage.

D.R.'s elimination came after a night of performances on Monday from the top 12.

The first three artists to move into the safe zone included: Alicia Key's 18-year-old folk rocker Britton Buchanan, from North Carolina; Kelly's 15-year-old Massachusetts resident Brynn Cartelli, and Adam's 24-year-old Iowa singer Sharane Calister.

Kelly then hit the stage with her team, Brynn, Caleb and D.R, to sing Bleachers' indie pop hit Don't Take The Money.

Moving forward: Brynn Cartelli was one of the first singers to advance to the top 11

Teaming up: Brynn, D.R., Kelly and Kaleb Lee teamed up for a group performance

Music legend: Alicia saw all of her remaining singers advance

Next to be saved was Blake's bearded California singer Pryor Baird, 35, and Alicia's 22-year-old Indiana resident Christiana Danielle.

Adam's Grammy-winning band Maroon 5 then played their new song Wait.

Dave Crosby, from last season's Team Adam, allowed his daughter Claire to interview the top 12.

Next round: Adam's 24-year-old Iowa singer Sharane Calister reacted as she advanced

Musical entertainment: Maroon 5 with frontman Adam performed

New song: Adam performed the group's new song Wait

The adorable child asked such questions as: 'Do you have any tattoos?' and 'Do you ever get stage fright?'

'You are my favorite interview of all time, and I have been interviewed by Oprah,' joked Adam.

The next contestants to progress were Blake's 24-year-old Texan Spensha Baker and 31-year-old Floridia singer Kaleb Lee, of Team Kelly who left his corporate job to pursue his career in music full time.

Veteran judges: Blake and Adam have been judges since The Voice premiered in April 2011

The cast of NBC's show Rise also appeared to sing Alessia Cara's Scars To Your Beautiful.

Blake then took the stage with his team, Spensha, Kyla and Pryor for ZZ Top's 1979 rock track I Thank You.

The next contestant to be saved was Jackie Verna, Adam's only country artist.

Country star: Kyla Jade, Blake and Pryor Baird performed together

The 22-year-old Pennsylvanian started crying when she described the newfound 'confidence' that her coach had instilled in her.

America also saved Kyla Jade, a 33-year-old powerhouse singer from Tennessee, who is part of Blake's team.

Jackie Foster, a 21-year-old Bostonian from Team Alicia, also moved to the next stage.

The Voice returns next week on NBC.