Mama June recreates Marilyn Monroe white dress moment Mama June is showing off her figure in a Marilyn Monroe-inspired photo shoot over a year after shedding a whopping 300lbs.

The 38-year-old star of the We tv reality series Mama June: From Not to Hot donned a replica of the iconic white dress Marilyn wore in the 1955 film The Seven Year Itch.

While modeling the billowy frock, Mama June reenacted the famous scene in which the screen siren was standing on a subway grate when a gust of wind lifted up her dress.

Scroll down for video

Feeling glam! Mama June donned a replica of Marilyn Monroe's famous white halter dress for a promo shoot inspired by the 1955 film The Seven Year Itch

Old Hollywood: The 38-year-old's hair was done up in curls, and she donned bright red lipstick

The Georgia native's blonde hair was styled into tousled curls, and she sported bright red lips just like Marilyn did in the film.

Mama June topped off her halter dress with a pair of strappy silver sandals and sparkling bracelet on both of her wrists.

A behind-the-scenes video from the We tv promo shoot shows Mama June striking pose after pose while a wind machine lifts her dress up behind her.

Like Marilyn, the mother-of-four was photographed holding her dress down in the front while the back billowed up behind her.

Strike a pose: Mama June was photographed holding her dress down in the front while the back billowed up behind her

Iconic: Mama June was reenacting the famous scene in which Marilyn was standing on a subway grate when a gust of wind lifted up her dress

In another shot, Mama June is posed with her hands on her hips with a big smile on her face.

The reality TV star appeared to have a great time, as she was often seen grinning and laughing on set.

Mama June was undoubtedly feeling more confident than ever as she proudly flaunted her trim figure after her incredible weight loss.

It's been one year since she debuted her 300lbs weight loss on the show, and she has vowed to never put the weight back on.

'People think that I'm going to gain the weight back. But hello, I've almost been at this [weight] for a year and a half and I'm not gaining!' she told InTouch Weekly.

Not going back: A year after she debuted her 300lbs weight loss on her reality show, Mama June said she will never be fat again. She is pictured in 2015 (left) and 2017 (right)

Big gal: Before losing the weight, the reality star often made fun of herself and prided herself on being the way she was. She is pictured in 2013

Transformation: At her heaviest, she weighed 470lbs. Her current weight now fluctuates between 165 and 170lbs

However, Mama June admitted that her weight does fluctuate every now and again.

'My current weight is like 165 to 170,' she confessed, but she vowed that she will never be obese again. At her heaviest she was 470lbs.

'I just try to watch what I eat and exercise when I can. I don't ever want to go back,' she explained.

The mom to Anna, 23, Jessica 'Chubbs,' 20, Lauryn 'Pumpkin,' 18, and Alana 'Honey Boo Boo,' 12 also says 'hello no' to getting more plastic surgery.

The matriarch spent $75,000 on various procedures, including gastric sleeve to lose weight, breast augmentation, skin removal, and a tummy tuck.

'I did what I wanted to do and that’s it!' she said.