23 Stylish Pairs of Jeans Under $100 Denim is just the best, isn’t it? It comes in all shapes, sizes and colors — so what’s with your basic, bootcut, blah options?! It’s time to refresh your denim wardrobe and as summer turns to back to school season, this is the perfect time to play with outstanding denim pieces that can be dressed down for weekend brunch or dressed up for a night on the town. We collected 23 pairs of trendy, stylish denim jeans that you will want to live in and that won’t destroy your fall wardrobe budget!

1. You And Meander Jeans ($90): The flare is a little hippy, making a long and lean silhouette — and the buttons on front are just so much fun!

2. Perfect Ten Skinny Jean ($70): Go classic with these totally essential blue skinny jeans featuring an ultra-high waist and gold contrast stitching.

3. High Rise Burgundy Jeans ($18): Complete with a classic wash and high waist, these skinny jeans are a wardrobe essential, guaranteed to be worn from season to season.

4. Hole New Game ($80): If you love your jeans distressed, then you’ll love the generous rips this pair has!

5. Mineral Wash Boyfriend Jeans ($25): Grunge up your wardrobe with this pair of boyfriend jeans in a vintage ’90s shade of mineral gray.

6. White Distressed Jeans ($38): Because every girl needs a pair of white jeans, and this pair is perfect for muscle tees and booties.

7. Patched Levi’s Jeans ($80): Classic Levi’s jeans are given a makeover with allover distressing and patching for a relaxed, comfy feel.

8. Bleached Dip Dye Jean ($90): Soft, lived-in vintage jeans with a dip-dyed, cropped leg and a relaxed waist make for a funky take on basic denim.

9. Neon Orange Jeans ($76): Because blue jeans are far too cliche for you.

10. Raw Edged Boyfriend Jean ($30): From their raw-edged ankles and nonchalant silhouette to their perfectly worn-in faded and distressed detailing, these are the boyfriend jeans you’ve been searching for.

11. Floral Jeans in Teal ($70): Beautifully made denim with an unusual pattern will pair perfectly with luxe pieces to quickly become a wardrobe staple.

12. Nikki Crop Jeans ($70): With a straight cropped leg and a fun bit of patchwork around the waist, these unique jeans will be the perfect pair through the rest of summer into fall.

13. Distressed Boyfriend Jeans ($30): This pair of relaxed fit boyfriend jeans feature distressed accents and look great cuffed with booties or flat sandals.

14. Chintz Rose Mom Jean ($20): These feminine jeans might just become your favorite pair of denim!

15. Lightweight Stretch Skinny ($80): This is the perfect everyday jean with five pockets and added stretch for ease of movement.

16. Low-Rise Relaxed Skinny ($80): We love these low-rise relaxed skinny jeans worn cuffed at the bottom for a cool tomboy look. The added stretch ensures you’ll live in these all weekend long.

17. Relaxed Fit Gray Jeans ($30): Embrace the gray side of denim with these high-waisted slouchy jeans that would look perfect with pastel and neon tops alike.

18. Washed Mint Skinny Jean ($62): Chill through the rest of the summer in these refreshing mint skinny jeans with contoured bottom-lifting pockets that will make you almost consider skipping the gym.

19. Ankle Grazer Jean ($60): Dark grey jeans are going to be a must come fall. Get yours and start breaking them in now.

20. Deconstructed Skinny ($90): Slashed at the knee, these broken-in jeans work a worn effect for a trendy take on casual denim.

21. Roller Derby Jeans ($60): A dark wash is great. It makes jeans seems a bit dressier so you can get away with wearing them to the office or out to dinner and drinks.

22. Weekday Cropped Jeans ($90): These casual jeans will effortlessly take you from Monday to Friday… and maybe even Saturday and Sunday, too!

23. Slim Boyfriend Jean ($80): Loose fitting, but still stylish, your boyfriend only wishes he had jeans as comfy as these.