Taylor Swift teases 2018 tour, creates ticket-buying initiative for fans Taylor Swift loves her fans—and it's really never been a better time to be a Swiftie.

After announcing her upcoming album, Reputation, which will drop on Nov. 10, Swift released her first single in three years late on Thursday, Aug. 24, 2017 — the revenge-inspired "Look What You Made Me Do." And now, it looks like the 27-year-old singer-songwriter is gearing up to go on tour in 2018!

As of now, no dates have been announced. However, as E! News reported on Friday, Aug. 25, Swift is already planning ahead. In collaboration with Ticketmaster, her team has set up Taylor Swift Tix, a ticket-buying initiative which will serve as an interactive portal, ensuring that "verified fans" get priority access over scalpers and ticket bots.

The "Blank Space" singer even provided a helpful how-to video to guide fans through the process. To start, you must use your Ticketmaster account to register with the Taylor Swift Tix portal and choose a city in which you could potentially attend a concert. You will then have the chance to participate in various activities, such as pre-ordering Swift's new album or watching her new lyric video.

This interactive aspect of the portal will "prove" just how big of a fan you are, and increase your chances of buying tickets by placing you higher in the system's queue. The registration window will close on November 28.

This savvy new way to score concert tickets isn't the only big music news of the day. While the pop star may not be performing at the VMAs this Sunday, Aug. 27, Swift has announced that her highly anticipated music video for "Look What You Made Me Do" will premiere at the event, as Nicki Swift previously reported. And seeing as the awards show will be hosted by Swift's frenemy, "Swish Swish" singer Katy Perry, this should be interesting — particularly in light of the recent developments in their ongoing feud.

Can't wait until the weekend to see more from Taylor Swift? Follow her rise to fame here.