Harry Styles Felt Naked When He Cut His Hair For Dunkirk Harry Styles' fame primarily comes from his time with One Direction, but in addition to now setting off on a solo career, the singer is also branching out elsewhere to express himself creatively. This summer he'll appear in Dunkirk, which will mark his acting debut, but Styles couldn't just go into Christopher Nolan's next movie without going through a major life change. To fit into the movie's World War II setting, he had to chop off those dreamy locks of his, and as one would expect after a haircut of that magnitude, Styles felt very weird afterwards. As he put it:

I felt very naked. When I first told my parents I was going to be in a World War II film, they thought that I was playing a lady on the train station waving the soldiers off, so we had to make the chop. But it was good! It's very breezy.

While promoting his new sing "The Sign of the Times" on Elvis Duran and the Morning Show, Harry Styles talked a little bit about Dunkirk, including what cutting off his hair for the movie felt like. When you've had long hair for as long as Styles did, surely that feeling of nakedness sounds about right. Still, a hairdo like that wouldn't go over well if he truly was enlisted during World War II, so it had to go! Fortunately for Styles, he enjoyed the breezy feeling afterwards, so it wasn't all bad. Whether or not he ever goes back to such a short length again willingly remains to be seen, though if Styles intends to keep acting, he'll need to get used to making certain changes with his appearance for roles.

Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk will tell the real-life story of the Dunkirk evacuation, which took place in 1940 (only one year after World War II began) and saw Allied soldiers from Great Britain, Belgium, Canada and France being surrounded by German forces from the beaches of the eponymous location. Besides Harry Styles, the main cast includes Tom Hardy, Mark Rylance, Kenneth Branagh, Cillian Murphy, James D'Arcy, Jack Lowden and Fionn Whitehead.

Check out the Dunkirk trailer below to catch a glimpse of Harry Styles and his other costars in full military/period attire.

You can see Harry Styles jump into the world of acting when Dunkirk is released on July 21, though theaters with physical film projectors have the option of screening it two days earlier. Don't forget to check out our 2017 schedule to find out when this year's other big movies are coming out.