Kim Kardashian Predicted Kylie Jenner Would Be a Young Mother Social media maven, reality star, makeup entrepreneur… psychic? Kim Kardashian believed Kylie Jenner would be a young mother, and her prediction wasn’t far off. The 37-year-old thought she’d meet Kylie’s first child a couple years from now.

Related: Kanye West Is All Smiles at Nas’ Listening Party With Kim Kardashian and Friends: Pics Talk about supportive! Kanye West and Kim Kardashian West made a date night out of the listening party for Nas’ new album Nasir. In April, West tweeted, “I feel like I’m 18 years old again when I make beats for Nas.” The couple, as well as their closest friends, gathered under the Queensboro Bridge in […]

Kardashian talked about her prediction as she and mother Kris Jenner reflected on the enduring legacy of Keeping Up With the Kardashians during a Business of Fashion West panel on Monday, June 18, according to E! News. Kris joked about a future season showcasing North West’s wedding, and then the 62-year-old momager revealed she used to envision that for Kylie.

And that’s when Kim chimed in: “We used say, ‘Season 17, Kylie has a baby.’ And we all looked at each other and [were] like, ‘Oh s–t! That just happened.'”

Related: Kim Kardashian Threw Kanye West an Epic Party for His 41st Birthday: Photos The Kardashians know how to party! Kim Kardashian celebrated her husband Kanye West’s 41st birthday with a special celebration, where he was surrounded by his family and friends. Kardashian, 37, shared tons of videos and photos from the party, which took place in L.A. on Saturday, June 9, a day after the “Famous” rapper’s birthday. […]

As it turns out, Kardashian’s prediction was two years early: Kylie gave birth to Stormi Webster in February, and the reality show’s 15th season debuts this summer.

Hyping the drama to come this season, Kris said fans will witness a “major blowout” between the sisters.

“When I think about it, I do get really mad,” Kardashian said. “It’s basically just like people being disrespectful. It’s the one thing that really gets me.”

Related: 5 Summer Contour Tips From Kim Kardashian’s Makeup Artist Mario Dedivanovic As the man behind Kim Kardashian’s signature sculpted complexion, makeup artist Mario Dedivanovic has given plenty of contouring tips before, but with the unofficial start of summer finally upon Us, what we really want to know is how to sweatproof the look for the change of season. So you can imagine our delight when Mario (whose extensive […]

But arguments aside, Season 15 will also showcase the family’s togetherness. “I think that the way my family and I have always dealt with everything is, we know we have each other,” Kardashian explained. “Nothing else really matters. So at the end of the day, this could all go away and we all have each other and we’re confident in that.”