'Fifty Shades Freed' Trailer Teases Surprise Pregnancy “It seems you’re pregnant, Mrs. Grey.”

In a new trailer for Universal’s Fifty Shades Freed, Anastasia Steele (Dakota Johnson) is surprised to learn that she is pregnant, after marrying billionaire Christian Grey (Jamie Dornan).

The movie’s new promo begins with a montage reel of memorable moments from the previous two Fifty Shades films, chronicling the love story of Anastasia and Christian. The third pic begins with the couple basking in marital bliss, only to soon find themselves threatened by Steele’s former editor boss, Jack Hyde (Eric Johnson).

On top of transitioning into married life, taking on a new role as the fiction editor of a Seattle publishing firm and living in a new home, Steele must now protect her family from Hyde’s vengeance.

Fifty Shades Freed was directed by James Foley and adapted by Niall Leonard (Freed author E.L. James’ husband). The final installment of the franchise is set for release on Feb. 9, just ahead of Valentine’s Day.

Watch the trailer below.

It seems you’re pregnant, Mrs. Grey.” In a new trailer for Universal’s Fifty Shades Freed, Anastasia Steele (Dakota Johnson) is shocked to learn the surprising news that she is pregnant, after marrying billionare Christian Grey (Jamie Dornan). The final trailer begins with a montage reel of memorable moments from the previous two Fifty Shades films, chronicling the love story of Johnson and Dornan’s Anastasia and Christian. The third film begins with the couple basking in marital bliss, only to soon find themselves threatened by Steele’s former editor boss, Jack Hyde (Eric Johnson). On top of Steele transitioning into married life, taking on a new role as the fiction editor of a Seattle publishing firm and living in a new home, Steele must now protect her family from Hyde’s vengeance, all the while learning of a surprise pregnancy. Fifty Shades Freed is directed by James Foley and adapted by Niall Leonard (Freed author E.L. James’s husband). The final installment of the franchise is set for release on Valentine’s Day. Watch the trailer below: