Caitlyn Jenner Confirms She Hasn't Spoken to Kim Kardashian 'in a Long Time': 'I Keep My Distance' Caitlyn Jenner is giving the Kardashian family time to cool off after the release of her book, Secrets of My Life.



During her recent appearance on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, Kim Kardashian West admitted that she had not spoken to her former stepparent in several weeks because she felt there were things written about her mother, Kris Jenner, in the memoir that are "so hurtful."



WATCH: Caitlyn Jenner 'Ticked Off' at Kris Jenner, Claims She Didn't Get Any Money From KUWTK



On Australia's Today show on Thursday, Caitlyn opened up about being estranged from Kim and other members of the Kardashian family over what was said in her book. "I love Kimberly, I think she's a wonderful person, but, well, to be honest with you, I really haven't talked to her in a long time. I've kind of let everything calm down," she said. "I kind of stay, you know, I keep my distance."

"I'm out there trying to make a difference in the world," the 67-year-old reality star added. "There's a lot of drama in the Kardashian family. This is my book about my opinions on things that had happened with me and my family. Any time I express my opinion, you know, with my family, there's always challenges in doing that."



WATCH: Caitlyn Jenner Says She Hasn't Been on a Date in 2 Years -- 'I Have Never Been Approached'



During a recent interview with Andy Cohen on his SiriusXM radio show, Caitlyn also claimed that she does not speak to Khloe Kardashian, though the two did recently appear in a scene together on Keeping Up With the Kardashians last month. "She doesn't want to talk to me," she said of her former stepdaughter. "She hasn't talked to me in, like, two years."

A source told ET last month that Caitlyn's relationship with Kim, Khloe, Kourtney and Rob Kardashian had become distant. "They will always be nice and cordial with Caitlyn, mainly for Kendall and Kylie [Jenner]’s sake, but their relationship will never be the same as it was with Bruce," the source said, referring to when Caitlyn identified as Bruce Jenner before coming out as transgender. "The man who was in their lives for so many years is gone, and they don’t have the same relationship with Caitlyn."



WATCH: Caitlyn Jenner Shares Secrets of My Life in New Memoir -- 6 Shocking Revelations