Emma Watson stages a 'Harry Potter' mini-reunion — but it's not the first Emma Watson stages a 'Harry Potter' mini-reunion — but it's not the first

It’s been seven years since the Harry Potter film franchise came to a close, but as a recent post on Instagram makes clear, fans are still clamoring to see the series’ stars get back together.

On April 16, Tom Felton (aka Draco Malfoy) uploaded a snapshot that’s set the Internet ablaze — since it features him alongside his Hogwarts classmates Emma Watson (Hermione Granger) and Matthew Lewis (Neville Longbottom).

With over 1.1 million “likes” to date, the photo clearly struck a chord with Potterphiles, who remain eager to see the films’ leads reunite in whatever way possible. Fortunately for them, they’ve had numerous such chances in recent years, as the Harry Potter stars have often been spotted together, whether in social situations or at Potter-related events such as last year’s opening of the “Forbidden Forest” exhibit at Warner Bros. Studio Tour in London.

Advertisement Advertisement

When The Wizarding World of Harry Potter opened at Universal Studios Orlando in 2014, many of the films’ cast members were on hand to celebrate the event.

That event produced a number of photos from Felton alongside his Malfoy father, Jason Isaacs, as well as other notable co-stars.

Advertisement Advertisement

At this year’s Golden Globes, Watson found herself in an impromptu Potter reunion when she presented the award for best limited series or TV movie with Robert Pattinson (Cedric Diggory).

HERMIONE GRANGER AND CEDRIC DIGGORY THIS IS REAL pic.twitter.com/KJeMqU6ooI — danielle (@taronegertuns) January 8, 2018

Watson also ran into Bonnie Wright (Ginny Weasley) on the red carpet at the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival premiere of The Circle.

There's a #HarryPotter reunion on the red carpet for The Circle @tribecafilmfest — Bonnie Wright catching up with Emma Watson pic.twitter.com/tmTPZbzbWR — Keira Alexander (@keira_alexander) April 27, 2017

Earlier this year, many of the film’s cast members — Stan Ianevski (Viktor Krum), Natalia Tena (Nymphadora Tonks), and James and Oliver Phelps (Fred and George Weasley) — joined Wright at Universal Studios Orlando for a Q&A as part of the park’s Harry Potter celebration.

"There's something more real about being here than being on the sets" – @thisisbwright on what's she's most excited about this weekend #HPCelebration @UniversalORL pic.twitter.com/sVew8PSIWX — The Leaky Cauldron (@leaky) January 26, 2018

And on her official Instagram page, Wright has also routinely posted photos with her fellow Potter alums, including her series classmate Evanna Lynch (Luna Lovegood), brother Rupert Grint (Ron Weasley), and husband Daniel Radcliffe (Harry Potter), as well as director Christopher Columbus:

Advertisement Advertisement

Now if only they can all find their way back to Platform 9 3/4…

Read more from Yahoo Entertainment: