Paris Hilton hints she will televise her wedding to Chris Zylka Her beau popped the question with an eye-watering $2million engagement ring while on the slopes of Colarado.

And Paris Hilton has hinted she will televise her wedding to her fiancé Chris Zylka, 33, after being inundated with offers from networks.

The hotel heiress, 37, who starred in The Simple Life with Nicole Richie 10 years ago, could make her return to reality TV and let fans into her big day.

The big day: Paris Hilton has hinted she will televise her wedding to her fiancé Chris Zylka, 33, after being inundated with offers from networks

She told E! News: 'We've been getting a lot of calls and a lot of offers from different networks, pitching that show so maybe', before the reality star coyly said 'yes' when asked if she would ever take up one of their offers.

The socialite then gushed about her husband-to-be, as she said: 'It's the best feeling in the world just to find the one person who is your best friend, I trust him so much.

'He's so supportive and loving and like an angel, I feel like he saved me and I can't imagine my life with anyone else.'

Comeback: The hotel heiress, 37, who starred in The Simple Life with Nicole Richie 10 years ago, could make her return to reality TV by letting fans into her big day

The star also revealed the couple's next step in life was to have babies, so her children could play with her sister Nicky's two daughters.

Of her television offers, she previously told DailyMailTV: 'We'll see what happens. Every day, we're getting different calls, because everyone is obviously really excited about the wedding, so I've been looking at a lot of different offers of networks and producers who want to do a show on Chris and I and the wedding and everything.'

Paris and Zylka first met eight years ago at an Oscars party at Chateau Marmont but didn't start dating until 2016, finally making it official on social media in February 2017.

Paris and Zylka first met eight years ago at an Oscars party at Chateau Marmont but didn't start dating until 2016, finally making it official on social media in February 2017

Family insiders told DailyMail they will wed in the same church that her parents were married in nearly 40 years ago.

While Paris has remained quiet over the details of her upcoming wedding, the source revealed the couple, will say 'I Do' at the historic Roman Catholic 'Church of the Good Shepherd' in Beverly Hills, on November 11.

Paris previously told DailyMailTV that she had picked her 'Disney inspired', custom made wedding gown, calling it 'iconic' and adding: 'I can't wait for everyone to see!'

She also revealed that she will wear a different dress for the reception by Moschino creative director and designer Jeremy Scott.

Paris has insisted that having Zylka by her side ​'every night​' for globe-trotting work events has ​drastically changed her life​ in the limelight.

She admitted her fame has been a living nightmare at times​, often​ being surrounded by strangers in foreign cities.

'I started filming this movie almost two years ago, so it was before Chris – before and during,' she said. 'But before I was with him, it is lonely when you're alone traveling the world over 250 days a year.​

'I am never in one country at once. I don't really know anyone where I go, so that is lonely.'