Gilmore Girls: Stars Have Mixed Feelings About Another Revival & the Ending Will there be more Gilmore Girls? Recently, stars Lauren Graham and Alexis Bledel discussed the possibility of another Netflix revival, Deadline reports.

This past November, the streaming service debuted Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life—a four-part follow-up to the original WB/CW series. The cast included Graham, Bledel, Kelly Bishop, Scott Patterson, Keiko Agena, Sean Gunn, Matt Czuchry, Milo Ventimiglia, and Yanic Truesdale.

During a recent panel, Graham said she doesn’t think there’s a need for more Gilmore Girls:

I love her writing; from the moment I read the pilot, I felt so connected to Amy Sherman-Palladino’s voice as a writer. It was so invigorating and fulfilling to do that work. In terms of an actor, I would never tire of that. Now it has become, ‘What can we do that is satisfying, and worth continuing, and gratifying to the people who care so much about it.’ I don’t know if there is a need to do more. I would never want it to feel like we overstayed our welcome. … There’s probably a way to keep these characters alive but I don’t know if that’s the best thing for them.”

Bledel mentioned she isn’t sure if she’d dive back in for another season:

I think for me it comes down to what story we’re telling. I’m just interested in telling a story that is dynamic and that I sort of relate to and can hook into. And if that happens … I don’t know. It’s such an unknown, I don’t think we anticipated that this would happen.”

Later, Bledel revealed the ending of Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life was not what she was expecting:

It certainly wasn’t the ending I was expecting. I told Amy that I hoped Rory would end on a high note. After all her hard work, I wanted to see her succeed and be thriving. So it was a hard thing for me to digest. I was hoping that we would see that she had lived an interesting life and had been fulfilled up until this point where her grandfather dies and [she] comes back home. But, because I know Amy after all these years, I knew it was her true intention and it was something that satisfied her as a writer because she knew the reaction she was going to get from the audience. … So I trusted her.”

What do you think? Are you a fan of Gilmore Girls? Do you think there should be more episodes?