How Cardi B and Stylist Kollin Carter Hid That Baby Bump Carter says he was under the most pressure at the iHeartRadio Music Awards, as she was on national television, opening the show with a performance, and then had to change into an entirely different outfit afterward. Cardi was very much showing at the time, so Carter relied on tutus that night to hide her curves. As Carter explains, both the Moschino performance outfit, which melded a tutu and a peplum, and the super-voluminous oxblood-colored tulle Christian Siriano dress that she changed into afterward had people guessing whether Cardi was taking fashion risks or trying to hide something. “I feel like we got through it,” says Carter. “Toward the end there was a ton of speculation, but I don’t think she wore anything that was like, ‘Oh, my God, that’s her baby bump right there!’” And while it was a nerve-racking few months, Carter came to revel in it: “The process leading up to it was stressful, but afterward, I was like, this is kind of fun,” he says. “I have one of the biggest secrets in fashion and music, and in culture more generally, and we’re getting away with this every time. How cool is that?”

The process also left Carter with a deeper understanding of what it’s like for women in the public eye to try to keep parts of their lives private. “When it was just a rumor, to see her being criticized online with people saying things like, ‘You’re stupid. Your career is over. Why would you get pregnant at the peak of your career?’ I was just like, wow, I don’t feel like it’s fair that people try to make a call on when it is right or wrong for a woman to make a decision in regard to her own body,” Carter says, pointing out that male rappers have children all the time with little fanfare. “I couldn’t imagine going through that as a woman on a platform that big and remain standing, sticking with my decision. It takes a strong person to stick with that. She should be able to be the biggest artist that she wants to be and also have a family.”

Photo: Getty Images

Now that Cardi has revealed her pregnancy (on Saturday Night Live last weekend with a dramatic ruched white gown picked to accentuate her curves), Carter is tasked with something even more exciting: challenging what people expect a pregnant rapper to dress like and playing around with different silhouettes. “I feel like I have to learn how to style a whole different type of woman all over again,” Carter explains. “We still want to keep her wardrobe super-chic and classy, but continue to go against the grain of what she should look like. A lot of people can’t put it together—a pregnant rapper—they can’t grasp that concept because of the history of what rap women look like visually.” And while this is undeniably exciting new territory for Cardi’s style evolution, Carter says some things won’t change too much: “She’s still going to be Cardi, but she’s just going to be Cardi with a baby bump.”