Michael Phelps and Wife Nicole Johnson Welcome Baby No. 2 Congratulations to Michael Phelps and Nicole Johnson! The couple have welcomed their second child, a baby boy named Beckett, on Monday, February 12. The newborn joins 17-month-old big brother, Boomer.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2018 A new bundle of joy! Scroll through to see all the cute babies who were born to famous parents in 2018, so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive […]

The Olympic champ announced the news on Instagram on Tuesday, February 13, sharing a sweet pic of Johnson with Boomer and their newborn son.

“Magical moments yesterday… Nicole and I would like to introduce Beckett Richard Phelps to the world!” he captioned the photo. “We had a healthy baby boy and a healthy mama. I truly do feel like the happiest man in the world. Being able to build our family to now 4 (6 with doggies) is so incredible!#familyof4now.”

The pair announced that they were expecting a new bundle of joy in August by posting matching photos to their social media accounts of Johnson, 32, holding their son. “Number 2 on the way!!!! So excited!!” the Olympic swimmer wrote. “Wonder if it’s a boy or a girl??”

Johnson captioned her post: “Lil mans going to be a Big Brother!!!”

Related: Cutest Celebrity Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

The couple also announced the news on Boomer’s Instagram account. “So excited to see what mama is having!!” they wrote alongside a photo of their son. “Do I get to have a brother or a sister?!?”

Phelps told Us exclusively about how he found out that his wife — whom he secretly married in June 2016 after dating on and off for eight years — was expecting their second child.

“I kind of had an idea that she could be pregnant … I could tell she was acting, not different or funny, but I could tell that she wanted to say something,” he told Us in October. “Nicole had made this little journal for me of photos of just Boomer and I and photos of Nicole and I and experiences, and we just put like special moments in that little journal. I woke up [one] morning and she handed me the journal and said open it. I opened to the photo of them in the backyard with the pregnancy test. I was pumped!”

In October 2016, Phelps opened up about their surprise nuptials while also talking about their desire to expand their family. “I’ve been married for a while. A couple months. I had to keep it a secret from y’all,” he said in a Facebook Live video at the time. “I had to keep it hush-hush from you guys.”

He added: “Baby number two may be coming soon. Who knows, though?”