John Cena promises Nikki Bella he will make her a mom John Cena revealed he is willing to have his vasectomy reversed to start a family in a heart-to-heart chat with Nikki Bella on Sunday's episode of Total Bellas.

The 34-year-old beauty shared a candlelit dinner with the famous wrestler, 41, as he gave her some shocking news after they had split recently.

'I can't have you out of my life. And relationships, marriage especially, is about sacrifice, and I will make that sacrifice for you. I will give you a child,' John promised.

Getting closer: Nikki Bella sat down with John Cena to discuss their troubled relationship on Sunday's episode of Total Bellas

The fabulously fit couple had separated after Nikki expressed an urge for motherhood and John was reluctant.

And when John agreed to fathering a child with Nikki, she expressed concern as she alluded to his capability of siring by saying: 'But you have the...'

'I know. I physically can't have kids. So, I'm also telling you that I'm willing to have surgery and then still go through with being a dad,' John insisted.

The news came as a shock to Bella twin as she doubted it at first.

Surprises: 'I can't have you out of my life. And relationships, marriage especially, is about sacrifice, and I will make that sacrifice for you. I will give you a child,' John promised

Doubts: And when John agreed to fathering a child with Nikki, she expressed concern as she alluded to his capability of siring by saying: 'But you have the...'

'You're sure though? Are you gonna change your mind?' Nikki pressed.

'I'm not gonna change my mind. I would never, ever say something like this,' John confirmed.

'Oh John, you're gonna be the most amazing dad in the world,' Nikki gushed.

'Just tell me you love me and that you'll marry me,' John said holding her.

History: The fabulously fit couple had separated after Nikki expressed an urge for motherhood and John was reluctant

Sacrifice: 'I know. I physically can't have kids. So, I'm also telling you that I'm willing to have surgery and then still go through with being a dad,' John insisted

The good news was foreshadowed by Brie taking a swing at motherhood by babysitting her niece Birdie as her sister Brie and husband Daniel Bryan packed their house in Phoenix for a move to San Diego.

'Bryan and I have sold our Phoenix home, but it's so hard to pack and have a baby,' Brie explained. 'So, for the first time ever, Bryan and I are leaving Birdie.'

Nikki hired a nanny to show her sister that you can still do all the things one needs to do and be a good mother.

Sealed with a kiss: 'Just tell me you love me and that you'll marry me,' John said holding her

Babysitting duties: The good news was foreshadowed by Brie taking a swing at motherhood by babysitting her niece Birdie as her sister Brie and husband Daniel Bryan packed their house in Phoenix for a move to San Diego

Decisions: Nikki urges Brie to take a closer look at her life and realize hiring someone to help out is a good idea

'I kinda wanna show my sister that you can still do the things that you love and need to do in life while being a mom and so today, I hired a nanny. It's one of my best friend's cousins. She's experienced with kids,' Nikki said.

Nikki urges Brie to take a closer look at her life and realize hiring someone to help out is a good idea.

'How many times you've had sex since Birdie has been here?' Nikki inquired cheekily as Brie quickly answered: 'I can count on one hand.'

Hired help: Nikki hired a nanny to show her sister that you can still do all the things one needs to do and be a good mother

Planned parenthood: 'I hired a nanny. It's one of my best friend's cousins. She's experienced with kids,' Nikki said

Funny guy: Brie's husband Bryan wore a cast of her pregnant bust

After having an emotional farewell to their Phoenix house, Brie turned the corner on the nanny issue.

'When I've always thought about a nanny, I've always felt ashamed like, "I can do this. I can do it on my own." But we shouldn't feel ashamed,' Brie admitted.

'And I do wanna workout. I wanna give more concentration to my companies. And I wanna have more energy for Bird.'

Scenes for the next episode of Total Bellas has Nikki and John's relationship back on the rocks.

Baby blues: 'When I've always thought about a nanny, I've always felt ashamed like, "I can do this. I can do it on my own." But we shouldn't feel ashamed,' Brie admitted