‘Roseanne’ Revival Renewed For Season 2 By ABC, Comedy Series’ 11th Overall Following the massive ratings for the premiere of the Roseanne revival on ABC, the network has renewed the series for next season, which will be the classic sitcom’s 11th overall. Sources say the order is for 13 episodes, up from 9 in the current first installment of the revival. You can watch a video of the renewal announcement below the post.

“We’re thrilled that America has welcomed the Conner family back into their homes,” said Channing Dungey, president of ABC Entertainment. “The show is as fresh and relevant today as it was when it left the air 21 years ago. We can’t wait to see what the ‘Roseanne’ team has in store for next year.”

https://twitter.com/therealroseanne/status/979782169685053440

As Deadline previously reported, ABC had been laying the groundwork for a second season of its Roseanne revival in the weeks leading to its March 27 debut, and cast deals for a second season in the 10-13-episode range had been made ahead of the premiere.

Following huge Live+same ratings — 18.2 million viewers and a 5.2 rating in adults 18-49, the Roseanne premiere continues to deliver extraordinary numbers. With just one day of Nielsen’s delayed viewing counted, the hourlong debut saw its total viewer count grow by a best of season for any premiere telecast of over +3.4 million viewers to a 21.869 million average audience. After the first day of playback, Roseanne shot up to a 6.24 rating in Adults 18-49, adding more than 1.0 rating point and over 20% to its Adult 18-49 Live + Same Day number.

Watch on Deadline

https://twitter.com/therealroseanne/status/979777647105531904

The massive ratings success stunned Hollywood, prompting soul-searching about doing more series that realistically portray the economic problems of working-class families and reflect conservative political views as well as talk about rebooting more beloved sitcoms.

Roseanne, featuring the complete original cast, new series regulars and returning guest stars, explores life, death and everything in between through the relatable, hilarious and brutally honest lens of the Conner household.

The Carsey-Werner Television-produced sitcom stars Barr as Roseanne Conner, John Goodman as Dan Conner, Laurie Metcalf as Jackie Harris, Lecy Goranson as Becky Conner-Healy, Sara Gilbert as Darlene Conner, Michael Fishman as D.J. Conner, Emma Kenney as Harris Conner-Healy, Ames McNamara as Mark Conner-Healy and Jayden Rey as Mary Conner.

Barr is an executive producer, along with Sara Gilbert, Tom Werner, Bruce Helford, Whitney Cummings and Tony Hernandez.