Game of Thrones season 8 spoilers: Jon Snow and Sansa Stark DIVIDED in finale? Emilia Clarke thanks Game of Thrones for Britannia award 1769455684fzXTP1U4

The pair had spent most of the programme apart before they were finally reunited in season six, but Jon Snow’s (played by Kit Harington) involvement with Daenerys Targaryen (Emilia Clarke) may be a problem.

Yesterday saw Game of Thrones fans get their first glimpse at the final series when Entertainment Weekly published the first official picture for season eight. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

The publication also released a behind-the-scenes report on the HBO series and it hints at something very interesting.

It looks like the season will feature a lot of hints toward the very first instalment.

It read: “Instead of King Robert’s procession arriving, it’s Daenerys and her army. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

“What follows is a thrilling and tense intermingling of characters – some of whom have never previously met, many who have messy histories – as they all prepare to face the inevitable invasion of the Army of the Dead.” Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

But it goes on to add that there may be tension between Sansa and Jon because of his new love interest to whom he has pledged his loyalty.

The report continued: “Sansa isn’t thrilled that Jon bent the knee to his fancy new Targaryen girlfriend, at least not at first.”

So, it could be that she comes round to the idea eventually.

Littlefinger (Aidan Gillen) tried to plant seeds in Sansa’s head about Jon betraying the North by allying himself with Daenerys in season seven.

However, his devious plotting was found out and Arya (Maisie Williams) executed him as the sisters pulled off an incredible revenge plan.

Game of Thrones season 8 spoilers: Jon and Sansa may have some disagreements

Game of Thrones season 8 spoilers: Jon and Daenerys are yet to find out they're related

Although there may be a disruption in Jon and Daenerys’ relationship if season seven’s finale was anything to go by.

In the seventh run of the series, the theory that Jon is really the offspring of Lyanna Stark and Rhaegar Targaryen was finally proven.

Subsequently, that makes Jon Daenrys’ nephew which may act as a bit of a passion killer.

However, the pair of them are none the wiser to their family connection so it could prove to be an important plot point of the final series.

But fans of the fantasy epic will just have to wait and see.

Game of Thrones season 8 spoilers: Jon and Sansa were reunited in the sixth series

An exact air date for the last season is yet to be confirmed, but HBO boss Casey Bloys has said it will be hitting screens in the first half of 2019.

Meanwhile, fans are no doubt buzzing about the news coming out about the prequel for the programme.

The show will be called The Long Night and will take place around 8,000 years before the current events on Game of Thrones.

It has also been confirmed that Naomi Watts will be taking on the lead role in the series.