Lupita Nyong'o gushes over new Wonder Woman movie Wonder Woman is being praised as one of the best superhero films ever.

And it seems Lupita Nyong'o wholeheartedly agrees, as the 12 Years a Slave actress took to Instagram on Friday to rave about the movie.

The 34-year-old couldn't say enough good things in her caption, which accompanied a promotional picture of Gal Gadot as the titular star.

Biggest fan! It seems Lupita Nyong'o absolutely loved Wonder Woman, as the 12 Years a Slave actress took to Instagram on Friday to rave about the movie

'Ok people, I just left the theater and KNOW for CERTAIN that the GODS have seen fit to BLESS us with #WonderWoman,' began the Star Wars actress.

'W.O.W. It is a superhero movie like none I have ever seen. Epic. FUN. Engaging. Stylistically Captivating,' she continued, before naming off even more positive characteristics.

Star Gal, 32, got a lot of praise for her performance, with Lupita declaring that the new star 'will glue you to the screen and at the same time make you want to run to the nearest costume shop to get your W on and join the #GODESSNESS right away.'

A winning performance: Star Gal, 32, got a lot of praise for her performance, with Lupita declaring that the new star 'will glue you to the screen and at the same time make you want to run to the nearest costume shop to get your W on and join the #GODESSNESS right away'

Even director Patty Jenkins, 45, got some love from the Oscar winner, with Lupita suggesting that Patty 'IS NOT PLAYING AROUND, as she gives us some AMAZON REALNESS in an exquisitely directed story.'

Lupita was also not immune to the charms of Chris Pine, 36, who she deemed to be 'irresistible.'

She ended her review with perhaps one of the greatest compliments a film can receive, especially in the modern era: 'This movie definitely goes down as a classic in its genre for me.'

Hit it out of the park! Even director Patty Jenkins, 45, got some love from the Oscar winner, with Lupita suggesting that Patty 'IS NOT PLAYING AROUND, as she gives us some AMAZON REALNESS in an exquisitely directed story'

Heartthrob: Lupita was also not immune to the charms of Chris Pine, 36, who she deemed to be 'irresistible'

Of course Lupita is part of her own two action movie franchises, both of which have new installments in the works.

The Jungle Book actress has two characters she's been working on, Maz Kanata in Star Wars and Nakia in the upcoming Marvel film Black Panther.

Both roles have the actress challenged by time-consuming makeup and special effect costumes.

Star Wars: Episode VIII - The Last Jedi is coming out later this year on December 15.

Busy woman: The Jungle Book actress has two characters she's been working on, Maz Kanata in Star Wars (pictured) and Nakia in the upcoming Marvel film Black Panther



