Kate Beckinsale Teases Sarah Silverman About Michael Sheen Split Friendship goals! Sarah Silverman received a hilarious gift from Kate Beckinsale after revealing that she had ended her relationship with Michael Sheen.

Related: Celebrity Splits of 2018 Calling it quits. Scroll through to see which celebs broke up with their significant others this year. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly Deal […]

Beckinsale, who dated the Passengers actor in the ‘90s, gave Silverman blue and white M&Ms with a photo of Silverman kissing Sheen on the cheek to help her through the breakup. “Been ending every night with a microwaved bowl of personalized m&ms given to me by the very thoughtful and very cruel @katebeckinsale to remind me that I’m alone in this world. So very alone,” Silverman wrote along with an Instagram photo of the sweet treats on Wednesday, February 7.

The comedienne added: “THANKS, KATE. Seriously they are so good esp. melted which is why the microwave.”

Related: The Biggest Celebrity Breakups of 2017 This year proved to be tough for some celebrity couples. Throughout 2017, some of Hollywood’s most beloved couples decided to part ways and end their relationships, making the rest of the world lose a little hope in love. While some of these splits could’ve been predicted by fans, others left people completely stunned. Check out Us […]

Beckinsale, 44, shares 19-year-old daughter Lily Mo Sheen with the actor, but the exes remain close friends. She’s also established a friendship with Silverman, 47, through the years.

As previously reported, Silverman announced on Monday, February 5, that she and Sheen, 49, split after nearly four years of dating. “The great @michaelsheen & I consciously uncoupled over Christmas. I mean, not ‘over Christmas’ — like that wasn’t the fight that ended it,” Silverman tweeted. “No fight. We just live in different countries & it got hard. Felt we should just tell y’all so u stop askin, ‘How’s Michael/How’s Sarah?’”

Related: Celebrity Friendly Exes: Hollywood’s Ex-Lovers Who Have Stayed Close Love lost doesn't mean friendship lost for these friendly exes! Take a look at ex-lovers such as Cameron Diaz and Justin Timberlake, Hilary Duff and Mike Comrie, and Ryan Phillippe and Reese Witherspoon, who have maintained close relationships even after splitting up.

Hours later, she joked about accidentally revealing their breakup on his birthday. “The joke here is I just realized I posted our breakup tweet on his actual birthday and I can’t believe what a dick I am,” she tweeted. “Can u believe it?? He said I wasn’t THOUGHTFUL,” she continued. “Jerk… Anyway, Happy Birthday, Michael…”

Us Weekly first confirmed in February 2014 that they were a couple. Prior to her relationship with Sheen, Silverman dated Jimmy Kimmel for five years. Sheen, meanwhile, dated Beckinsale from 1995 to 2003 and actress Rachel McAdams from 2010 to 2013.