How to Blend Eye Shadow Like a Pro Like those holographic snakes that periodically go viral on Twitter, eye shadow palettes are simultaneously beautiful and terrifying things. The myriad of matte and metallic shades look stunning, but the thought of getting a selection of them onto lids without looking like a child's art project gone wrong can scare people away from them entirely. Without the right blending, the shadows could end up looking muddy, splotchy, patchy, or harsh. Cringe. The word "blending" in and of itself freaks some people out. Trust and believe that there's nothing to be afraid of. Unlike those holographic snakes, eye shadow doesn't have fangs.

I asked a handful of professional makeup artists to demystify eye shadow blending, and I swear blending is easier than it looks with their tips. You don't have to be giving celebrities perfectly diffused smoky eyes all day and all night to master the technique.

Before you do anything, though, don't do anything at all. If you ask Patrick Ta, a professional makeup artist who's worked with Gigi Hadid and Emily Ratajkowski, your eye makeup should be applied before the rest of your makeup. "I always say to do your eyes first to avoid fall-out from your eye shadows," Ta tells Allure. "If you prefer to do your face first, you can use Shadow Shields to avoid this as well."

OK, now that we have that out of the way, here are five steps to eye shadow blending.

1. Prime for success.

If you're going to take the time out of your busy day to blend your shadow to perfection, you might as well smooth some eye shadow primer onto your lids to keep everything in place. Amy Strozzi, who's worked with Rowan Blanchard and Aly & AJ, tells Allure, "I keep it closer to the lash line and fade it as I go upward so I have more flexibility to blend in the crease area." Then let it dry for at least 10 seconds before moving on to the main event.

Need a primer rec? Urban Decay's Eyeshadow Primer Potion is always a good choice. Allure editors also love Too Faced Shadow Insurance.

Primer isn't required for pro blending, though. Many makeup artists, like Mario Dedivanovic, would rather skip it. Instead, he prefers to tap leftover foundation or concealer onto lids to give the shadows some grip.

2. Pick your tools.

Depending on which makeup artist you ask, you're going to get a different answer for what the best blending brush is. Regardless, "flawless eye shadow blending is all about brushes," says Giselle Ali, who's worked with SZA and Cynthia Erivo. "You have to have the right tools for the job. You can never have enough blending brushes, but two is good to start with." The key is to keep both of these clean. Don't dip these into your eye shadow pans. Instead, use a denser brush like the Best of Beauty Award–winning E.L.F. Beautifully Precise Eyeshadow Brush No. 201 to lay down pigments before blending.

Ta swears by the Anastasia Beverly Hills A12 Small Contour Brush. Ali prefers the Sigma E40 Tapered Blending Brush.