Will Miranda Kerr’s Husband Snapchat Her Labor? Not so fast! Mirada Kerr opened up about her pregnancy and revealed that husband Evan Spiegel, CEO and cofounder of Snapchat, won’t be documenting her labor on the photo and video sharing platform.

Related: Miranda Kerr’s Pregnancy Fashion and Beauty Game Is All Kinds of Maternity Style Goals Proving there is nothing she can’t do, supermodel, beauty entrepreneur and all-around girl boss Miranda Kerr has been slaying the pregnancy fashion, hair and makeup game. The Aussie beauty announced in November that she is expecting a child with husband Evan Spiegel (she is already mom of son Flynn, 6, with ex-husband Orlando Bloom), and […]

“No. My husband’s a very private man,” the Victoria’s Secret model, 34, said during her visit to Jimmy Kimmel Live! on Tuesday, February 6. Kerr later explained that she and Spiegel, 27, don’t plan on showcasing their baby-to-be via Snapchat at all. “Oh no, No, I don’t think so. What I love about Snap is you can send to your friends and family, like, you know, the little intimate moments that you’re sharing. So my family in Australia, we Snap all day long. But publicly, it’s like a different thing. You want to keep some things private.”

The Australia native recently gushed over her brood while speaking exclusively to Us Weekly. “We’re just really excited to expand our family,” Kerr told Us in December 2017, noting that her 6-year-old son Flynn, whom she shares with ex-husband Orlando Bloom, is also thrilled about being an older brother. “He’s very excited. It’s so sweet.”

Related: Cutest Celebrity Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

Kerr also told Us at the time that she is experiencing more complications during her second pregnancy. “I have been getting hormonal headaches, which I never got with Flynn,” she revealed. “Apparently, my doctor said [with] the second pregnancy, your hormones kind of kick in a little stronger because they’re like, ‘Oh, yeah. I know what’s happening. I know what to do.’ So that’s probably why.”

Related: Celebrity Weddings of 2018 Cheers to the newlyweds! Scroll through to see which stars tied the knot in 2018 so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly Deal of […]

The Treasure Yourself author and the entrepreneur tied the knot in May 2017 at their estate in L.A.’s Brentwood neighborhood. Us confirmed in November 2017 that the couple are expecting their first child together.