The Hills' Jason Wahler, Wife Ashley Slack Welcome Baby Girl Jason Wahler is a father! The Hills alum and his wife, Ashley Slack, have welcomed their first child, a daughter named Delilah Ray, the couple confirmed to Entertainment Tonight.

The baby girl was born at 8:16 a.m. on Monday, August 21, in Newport Beach, California. She weighed in at 7 pounds, 12 ounces, and measured 21 inches long.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2017 Babies on board! Click through to see all the adorable bundle of joys who were born in 2017

“We are so unbelievably in love!” the new parents told ET. “We are so excited to start this new chapter of our lives and never thought we could love someone so much.”

Delilah is already a “daddy’s girl,” the couple gushed, adding that Wahler, 30, “loves to swaddle and cuddle with her.”

Related: The Hills Stars: Then and Now The rest may still be unwritten, but since 'The Hills' went off the air in 2010, the reality show's stars have gone on to become best-selling authors, clothing designers, chefs, musicians, and more. See where your 'Hills' favorites, including Lauren Conrad, Heidi Montag, and Audrina Patridge ended up!

The Laguna Beach alum and Slack married at Calamigos Ranch in Malibu in October 2013. They announced her pregnancy in February, joining fellow MTV stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad, both of whom welcomed babies in July.

In fact, Wahler and Slack discovered that they were expecting the same day that his ex-girlfriend Conrad, 31, announced her pregnancy. “This is so funny — so we found out the morning of New Year’s Day [that I was pregnant],” Ashley exclusively told Us Weekly in February. “Then I saw that Lauren was pregnant that same day, that she came out saying she was pregnant, and I was laughing, because I’m like, ‘Oh, my gosh, that’s so funny that it just happened all at the same time.”

Related: Stars Who Got Their Start on Reality TV The road to success in Hollywood is a little different for every would-be actor, but these days, reality TV is becoming a major launching pad for some of the industry's biggest stars. Before they were red-carpet regulars, NeNe Leakes, Jennifer Hudson, Julianne Hough and Lucy Hale were among those who broke through as reality stars

Waller added, “Literally, we texted somebody saying, ‘Oh, my God, we’re pregnant!’ and they sent us the thing about Lauren … I was like, ‘So awkward.'”

For the latest celebrity entertainment, news and lifestyle videos, subscribe to Us Weekly’s YouTube Page.