Ex-husband of FOX News' Megyn Kelly speaks out about his marriage to the star The first husband of Fox News superstar Megyn Kelly has categorically denied he cheated on her, ending years of speculation.

Twice, blonde beauty Kelly has told of her hurt at being betrayed, each time saying it was not her current husband Doug Brunt, but never clearing first hubby Dr. Dan Kendall.

But now, speaking out for the first time, Kendall told Daily Mail Online in an exclusive interview how upset he has been by the shadow cast over him by her statements.

'I can say with 100% certainty that I was completely faithful to Megyn,' Kendall, 45, said as he sat in his $2 million home in the Washington suburb of Vienna, Virginia.

'When she made that comment about it not being in her current marriage it irritated me a bit because it seemed like she was suggesting it was me,' he added.

'I texted her at the time and she apologized. I think I was a good husband.'

Scroll down for video

Mismatch: Megyn Kelly and her first husband Dr. Dan Kendall split after eight years together, but not because he was unfaithful. Twice, blonde beauty Kelly told of her hurt at being betrayed, each time saying it was not her current husband Doug Brunt, but never clearing her first hubby

Friend in need: Although they no longer talk, Kendall and Kelly are on friendly terms. He even appeared on her show in 2011 when she needed an expert to discuss the case of Conrad Murray, the doctor charged with involuntary manslaughter in Michael Jackson's death

Kendall, now a top anesthesiologist and pain management physician, said he believes he knows who it was who cheated on Kelly, but would not reveal the name out of respect for her.

Kendall and Kelly married in 2001, just 18 days after 9/11 having dated for nearly four years. They divorced amicably in 2006 and she moved out to a house just 200 yards away so they could keep close.

But any attempt at reconciliation failed and now they are both happily remarried with young families.

However, Kelly, 44, has never gotten over the man who cheated on her, bringing up the subject publicly at least twice.

The first time was in 2011 during an interview with USA Weekend. She told the paper how disgraced New York congressman Anthony Weiner had sent her a 'nice note' after the birth of her second child.

Weiner, who was married, was in the middle of a scandal after tweeting explicit pictures of himself to several women.

'I feel sorry for his family,' Kelly told USA Weekend. 'His wife doesn’t deserve this. I have been in the position, not with my current marriage, where I’ve been betrayed. In the beginning, the instinct is very powerful to hang on.'

'It bugged me,' Kendall said about her statement.

Then two years later, on her own show, Kelly repeated the accusation. She shocked her on-air guest, Fox Online editor Chris Stirewalt, in the middle of a conversation about attorney general Eric Holder signing off on a search warrant for a reporter.

'Have you ever caught somebody cheating on you?' she suddenly asked Stirewalt. 'No,' he responded, obviously taken aback by the question

Bliss: Megyn says she's blissfully happy with husband Doug Brunt, 43, an Internet security executive-turned-writer. The couple married on Long Island in March, 2008 after being set up on a blind date in Washington DC

Second time around: Dr. Kendall and his second wife Emily have two young daughters. 'I was lucky to find someone special in 2009. Emily is smart, beautiful and an amazing wife and mother,' he says

'OK, I have, and I'm sure a lot of our viewers have — not my husband of course,' said Kelly.

'And let me tell you what the person does when they're caught. They apologize! They tell you that they regret it, that they're sorry, and that they're not going to do it again. And that's what they do when they're caught, all right? But it tends to be that, did it the one time...'

She then went back to discussing Holder and his search warrants without any further explanation for her outburst.

Kendall has never spoken about his time with Kelly before his interview with Daily Mail Online. He has not even attempted to correct several online articles that described their marriage as 'short-lived', many even saying they divorced within a year of their wedding.

I checked out Frommers for a romantic place to propose but when we got there it was full of Americans and she said she hated the place.

'We were together for eight years in total,' he said in our exclusive interview. 'We were married for 4½.'

'I met her in Chicago at a street festival. She was out with friends and we became friends. I was a third year medical student and she was an attorney working for Bickel & Brewer as a fourth year lawyer.'

'I really liked her a lot and we were just friends for a while as she was dating someone else at the time and I was hoping to meet other friends like her, but after a while she broke up with the man she was dating and she showed an interest in me and we started dating.'

Eventually the happy couple moved to New York and lived together in the Battery Park area of Manhattan. They later moved to Baltimore and then back to Chicago where they got married.

Kendall said he was ready to settle down. He bought a diamond ring and whisked his girlfriend off to Paris for a romantic weekend. Megyn had no idea that he intended to propose to her while in the French capital.

'I checked out in Frommers for a romantic place to propose and we found this restaurant but when we got there it was full of Americans and she said she hated the place because it was so touristy so I quickly had to find another place.'

Then... Megyn Kelly was a beauty in her senior year at Bethlehem High School, Delmar, NY in 1988

...and wow: 'She reports, we decide she's hot' wrote GQ magazine in December 2010. She posed for this photo for an in-depth interview for the magazine

He found another restaurant that was more to Megyn's liking. 'I got down on one knee not knowing whether she would accept but she said yes.'

They married in Chicago on September 29, 2001, shortly after the country had been wracked by the terror attacks of September 11. 'We had a beautiful church wedding in Chicago and had the reception at the Waldorf.

'Of course we were worried about people getting there after 9/11 but everyone we invited managed to get there we had about 90 guests. We had a Rolls Royce pick us up and it was very extravagant.'

But even before they married there were signs that they were not meant to be. Kendall was setting out as a successful doctor and his bride-to-be was still a high-powered attorney.

Even the Roman Catholic priest who married them expressed his worries that they would be able to make their marriage work, Kendall remembered.

'He could see the potential conflict. I remember him telling Megyn it is going to be important to take care of your husband at home and I remember her saying "what about him taking care of his wife?"'

Eventually, Kendall got offered a highly sought-after pain management fellowship at the prestigious Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore and Megyn agreed to follow him.

'She was burning out as a lawyer in Chicago and she decided to take a class which included reporting and she did very well with it.

'When she came to Baltimore she managed to get a part-time job with Channel 8, the ABC affiliate. Again she was very hard-working, she would TiVo herself and watch herself over and over critiquing herself, saying how bad she was, and she just got better and better.

'Literally within a month, she got an offer from Fox News.'

They settled in Alexandria, Virginia, a wealthy suburb of the nation's capital, buying a $640,000 townhouse with 3 beds and 4½ baths in 2004, but within two years the marriage was as good as over.

Just married: Megyn and Dan settled in Alexandria, Virginia, a wealthy suburb of the nation's capital, buying a $640,000 townhouse in 2004. But within two years the marriage was as good as over

Single: Kelly's new house was in the same Stonegate development. Slightly smaller, she bought it for $585,000, public records show. But then came the property crash and she ended up hanging on to it for years after she had moved to New York to become a Fox News star. She only sold it in 2013, losing $70,000 on the deal.

Neighbor Frank Birdsong told DailyMail.com. 'It seemed simple, he wanted the 2.4 children and she didn't.'

Kendall admits that is what they told people, but the truth was deeper. 'I believe working two jobs, the long hours of corporate law and part time news together with my long hours of medical training took a toll on our marriage,' he said.

'I was working very hard and very long hours and we found our interests to be in different places. Let's just say I really loved sports and she was never a big fan of ESPN. We just grew apart.

'It is fair to say that I wanted to start a family at some point and she wasn't at that point, and yes, after we split that is what we told neighbors, but really there was more to it than that. She probably needed more emotional support than I could give her, and the same for me.

It is just a matter that sometimes two personalities can clash.

'I wanted a wife and she wanted a wife — we both needed someone to cook and clean and support us. She has very much a Type A personality. I couldn't imagine her staying at home. She needed more of a Type B husband. Sometimes with two professionals it doesn't work out, we were both working extremely hard and both excelling at what we did.

'It is just a matter that sometimes two personalities can clash.

'So we broke up, it was mutual. She wanted to work on things and wanted to keep it going but I realized it wasn't going anywhere. She moved just down the street and it was very amicable — we still walked the dogs together.

Kelly's new house was in the same Stonegate development. Slightly smaller, she bought it for $585,000, public records show. But then came the property crash and she ended up hanging on to it for years after she had moved to New York to become a Fox News star. She only sold it in 2013, losing $70,000 on the deal.

Ironically, it turned out that Kelly had children before her ex-husband. She and second husband Brunt, 43, an internet security executive-turned-writer, married on Long Island, NY, in March, 2008 after being set up on a blind date in Washington.

The couple had their first son, Yates, the following year. They also have a daughter, Yardley, 3, and an 18-month-old son Thatcher.

But Kelly's first husband is not far behind. Dan Kendall and his second wife Emily have two daughters, one aged 3½ and the second who turned 2 on Super Bowl Sunday. 'I was lucky to find someone special in 2009. Emily is smart, beautiful and an amazing wife and mother,' he said.

Although they no longer talk, Kendall and Kelly remain friends. He even appeared on her show in 2011 when she was desperate for an expert to discuss the case of Conrad Murray, the doctor charged with involuntary manslaughter in Michael Jackson's death.