Gwyneth Paltrow and Daughter Apple Martin Look Like Twins in Instagram Photo Gwyneth Paltrow and daughter Apple Martin spent some quality time together in New York City yesterday, stepping out in breezy coordinating ensembles that showed off their individual styles.

The Goop founder looked fresh in an airy, semi-sheer white blouse, which she buttoned all the way up and paired with baggy beige cropped trousers that went just below her knees. She finished the relaxed preppy look with a pair of white sneakers and black sunglasses, and accessorized with chunky gold jewelry, including various layered bracelets and a ring.

Paltrow and Martin seemed to be running errands around the city, as Paltrow carried several tote bags, pouches, an Hermès Evelyne Bag in the Clementine hue, and an extra pair of eyeglasses with her.

Martin took a style cue from her famous mom and also opted for a summer white look. Hers consisted of a cotton sundress with a crinkled top and halter straps. She styled it with a pair of black leather sandals, several dainty gold necklaces, and gold hoop earrings.

Both went makeup free and wore their hair in messy updos as they walked around NoHo, seemingly looking to their phones for guidance.

TheImageDirect.com // BACKGRID

The Iron Man star constantly praises her look-alike daughter on social media. For Martin's birthday in May, Paltrow posted a sweet Instagram tribute to her, writing next to a photo of her, "I'm a bit of a loss for words this morning (😭). I could not be more proud of the woman you are. You are everything I could have dreamed of and so much more. Proud doesn’t cover it, my heart swells with feelings I can’t put in to words. You are deeply extraordinary in every way."

Paltrow is also mom to son Moses Martin, whom she shares with her ex-husband, Coldplay front man Chris Martin. She is now married to American Horror Story producer Brad Falchuk, whom she met when she guest-starred in the musical series Glee—which he also helped produce—in 2010.