RHONY's Sonja Morgan dances until her dress falls off her body Real Housewives of New York star Sonja Morgan returned to the stage of her co-star LuAnn De Lesseps' cabaret show in Manhattan on Thursday with a performance so risqué it threatened to upstage the guest of honor, again.

It was Sonja's second time on the stage with LuAnn at Feinstein's 54/Below where two weeks ago she suffered a wardrobe malfunction with some disobedient underwear and a fast-rising hemline.

On Thursday night, she lost her dress entirely as she thrashed around the stage while singing along to LuAnn's hit, Money Can't Buy You Class.

Whoops! Sonja Morgan's red dress fell off as she dances on stage at her co-star LuAnn De Lesseps' cabaret show in Manhattan on Thursday night

DailyMailTV's Alicia Quarles helped her back into the unruly garment afterwards.

There to watch as she struggled with the slippery red garment were the other Housewives; Dorinda Medley, Ramona Singer, Tinsley Mortimer, Bethenny Frankel and Carole Radziwill.

They weren't the only stars in attendance; Saturday Night Live's Rachel Dratch dazzled onstage as she joined LuAnn for a number as did Scissor Sisters' Jake Shears.

On with the show! After a quick fix on stage, Sonja pushed on with her enthusiastic singing and dancing

The fun didn't stop there. After securing her dress back on, the 54-year-old socialite and reality TV star flashed the audience a glimpse of her derriere

LuAnn, whose show it was, was more composed in a glittering green jumpsuit which stayed firmly in place

Sonja's faux pas came when she copied LuAnn who had bent over to let someone in the audience sing along into her microphone

Star of the night: LuAnn, 52, dazzled in a parade of glittering gowns and jumpsuits

The cabaret show, named Countess and Friends in honor of the title LuAnn's first marriage afforded her, was her first return to the spotlight since her embarrassing Christmas Eve arrest and subsequent court dates.

On December 24, she was arrested for assaulting an officer in Palm Beach during a drunken rampage.

It was the culmination of months of heartache and humiliation at the hands of her second husband, the philandering Tom D'Agostino.

There to watch were the ladies' Real Housewives co-stars (L-R) Tinsley Mortimer, Dorinda Medley, Carole Radziwill, Ramona Singer and Bethenny Frankel who remained seated to film her pals as the others danced and cheered

The other ladies danced away but Skinny Girl founder Bethenny remained seated

Bethenny got up for another song and danced away solo while the other women watched

Sonja appeared to be having her own party and frolicked on the floor while the others remained seated

LuAnn (center) was joined on stage throughout the night by Saturday Night Live's Rachel Dratch (front in black) and the Scissor Sisters' Jake Shears (not pictured). Also there was comedian Bridget Everett (far left in blue) and Broadway's Tony Yazbeck (far right)

Scissor Sisters star Jake Shears also gave a performance. He is currently in the Broadway production Kinky Boots

She tried to pull the same skirt move again, but instead of giving a coquettish peek at her legs Sonja ended up whipping off her whole ensemble to reveal a glimpse of her black panties and nude bra beneath.

It appeared to be unplanned as the starlet quickly grabbed her garment and covered her figure.

Mistake or not, the crowds were thrilled, hooting and hollering in response.

One of the audience members was none-other than Instagram pro The Fat Jewish.

Instagram sensation The Fat Jewish heralded the performance as hope for a 2020 Luann De Lesseps presidential run

Night to remember! Caitlin King, who captured video of the incident said 'This was the best night of my entire life, including the birth of my child. I'm not kidding.' Above she's seen with RHONY's Dorinda Medley (far left) and Instagrammer The Fat Jewish (center)

It was LuAnn De Lesseps' second sold-out show at Feinstein's/54 Below in New York. She is pictured on the opening night on February 27

Delighted with the evening, he touted LuAnn, who is still awaiting her next court date, as a future presidential candidate.

LuAnn was arrested on Christmas Eve for allegedly assaulting a police officer during a drunken rampage

'This gives me hope for the future. LUANN 2020!' he said.

Caitlin King, who captured a video of Sonja's mishap was just as tickled by the moment.

'This was the best night of my entire life, including the birth of my child.

'I'm not kidding,' she said.

Some audience members even shouted out Medley's name and 'I made it nice' — a reference to the star's sassy RHONY tagline.

The performance was filmed and will appear in the Real Housewives of New York City Season 10 finale.

The Bravo show will return to screens on April 4.