25 Best Gift Sets for Father’s Day 2018 Photo-Illustration: The Strategist; Photos: Retailers

The great thing about gift sets for dads is that an assortment of little bits and bobs means the chances are high that he’ll find at least one of them useful. Ahead of Father’s Day — which is this Sunday, June 18 — we’ve rounded up more than two dozen of the best gift sets for a whole range of fussy dads — whether they’re wine lovers, gourmands, Wall Street guys, or partial to a white sneaker. Many of these contain products we’ve written about before, and they’re all available on Amazon for your shopping convenience (though you can purchase some of them elsewhere as well). And to help you stay on budget, we’ve organized the whole list by price.

Editors’ note: All of these gifts can still arrive on time, but as Father’s Day approaches, shipping times and availability will change, so don’t dillydally

Under $25

For the dad who likes to veg out

For the dad who’s serious about the three R’s …

… And avoids plastic bags at all costs

For the dad who keeps his hands clean

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Atimier Stainless Steel Manicure Set $10 $10 This tools in this manicure set are made of stainless steel and come in a nice-looking leather pouch. $10 at Amazon Buy $10 at Amazon Buy

For the gearhead dad

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Armor All Car Wash and Car Cleaner Kit $15 $18 now 17% off $15 Armor All is a go-to for keeping your car spic and span, and this kit includes anything your dad might need: wash and wax, tire foam, a general surface protectant, and glass wipes. $15 at Amazon Buy

For the dad who owns more vinyls than books

For the dad who puts hot sauce on just about everything

For the dad who’s been meaning to visit

For the dad who loves his English Breakfast tea

For the dad who’s trying to cut back on coffee

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Jade Leaf Traditional Matcha Starter Set $15 $25 now 40% off $15 A less jittery approach to caffeine that will suit someone who doesn’t mind getting more hands-on with whisking and stirring. $15 at Amazon Buy $15 at Amazon Buy

For the dad who swirls his wine

Under $50

For the well-kempt dad

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Wahl Groomsman Rechargeable Beard Trimming Kit $33 $33 Even the most meticulous of groomers will be delighted to receive this beard-maintenance kit that’s vouched for by Lenny Kravitz: He’s been using the trimmer and its array of attachments since junior high. “I can shave with them and look like I got a real close shave, as if I used a razor,” he told us. $33 at Amazon Buy $33 at Amazon Buy

For the dad who wants to up his grill game

For the dad with a decked-out bar cart

For the ramen-obsessed dad

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Omsom Saucy Noodles Variety Pack - 10 pack $49 If he could eat ramen every night and never get sick of it, get him this variety pack of Omsom noodles, which come in four delicious flavors: soy garlic, coconut lemongrass curry, garlic black pepper, and chili sesame. $49 at Amazon Buy $49 at Omsom Buy

For the sneakerhead dad

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Jason Markk Starter Set $26 $30 now 13% off $26 This starter kit is “the most complete care system as far as consumers taking care of their sneakers at home,” says Darryl Blanding, co-founder of Clean Sneaker Care. It comes with two cleaning brushes, a microfiber cloth, the brand’s foaming cleanser, and a water-repelling spray. $26 at Amazon Buy $26 at Amazon Buy

For the dad who can’t resist a game of table tennis

For the dad who likes to entertain

For the dad who started baking bread during the pandemic

For the dad who can eat his own weight in pasta

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Carbone Sauce 3-Jar Variety Pack $33 for 3 Actor Max Greenfield told us that the marinara sauce from Carbone is so good that he sometimes finds himself drinking it. “When you’re tired and sort of like, I can’t make myself something right now, you can just dip stuff in it,” he says. “You take a piece of toast, dip it in there, and think, This is kind of the best thing that I’ve had all day.” This three-jar variety pack includes arrabbiata and tomato-basil flavors. $33 for 3 at Amazon Buy

For the dad who washes his face with bar soap

For the dad whose hero is Monty Don

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Hori Hori Garden Knife Gift Set $35 A stainless-steel Japanese blade that will take the strain off his hands, whether he’s weeding or pruning. It comes with a sharpening stone, so it can keep its edge, too. $35 at Amazon Buy $35 at Amazon Buy

For the dad who always orders extra pickles

Under $75

For the outdoorsy dad

For the dad with a stale Black Ice dangling from his rearview mirror

For the dad who organizes game night

For the jet-setting dad

For the dad who cooks

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Burlap & Barrel Spice Gift Set $57 This Burlap & Barrel spice set is bound to give his taste buds a workout, with flavors ranging from Black Lime to Wild Mountain Cumin. $57 at Amazon Buy $57 at Amazon Buy

$75 and up

For the dad who ends every day with a cocktail

For the doomsday-prepper dad

Saved View Want to be emailed about sales and other updates to your saved products? Success! You'll get an email when something you've saved goes on sale. Yes New! You can now save this product for later. Rescue Guard First Aid 72 Hour Disaster Kit $131 $131 If he’s got a stockpile of toilet paper and canned tuna in the garage, he’ll appreciate this emergency-preparedness kit that comes with everything from a tent to thermal blankets to glow sticks. $131 at Amazon Buy $131 at Amazon Buy

For the dad whose desk could use some zhuzhing

For the dad who’s your personal TaskRabbit

For the dad who spends his weekends on the mountain

Additional reporting by Tembe Denton-Hurst

get the strategist newsletter Actually good deals, smart shopping advice, and exclusive discounts. Email This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Vox Media, LLC Terms and Privacy Notice By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice and to receive email correspondence from us.

The Strategist is designed to surface the most useful, expert recommendations for things to buy across the vast e-commerce landscape. Some of our latest conquests include the best women’s jeans, rolling luggage, pillows for side sleepers, ultra-flattering pants, and bath towels. We update links when possible, but note that deals can expire and all prices are subject to change.

Every editorial product is independently selected. If you buy something through our links, New York may earn an affiliate commission.

