Victoria Beckham shows off her sartorial style in white co-ords at the People's Choice Awards She is being honoured for her outstanding contribution to fashion.

And Victoria Beckham proved why she was worthy of such an award as she led the People's Choice Awards red carpet on Sunday in a statement white trouser suit.

The 44-year-old stood out in the lightly-coloured ensemble as she attended the star-studded event at Santa Monica's Barker Hangar.

Gorgeous: Victoria Beckham was putting on a stylish display in a chic white trouser suit on Sunday night, as she led the star-studded People's Choice Awards in Santa Monica

Ever the style icon, Victoria showed off her trim figure in the classic white blazer and matching trousers, teamed with a lace slip-style vest and black heels.

The mother-of-four sported her signature smile with her brunette tresses pulled into a low-key up-do.

Victoria's trip to the awards also proved to be a hectic outing as she also took to Instagram to reveal she was having to do her hair in the car en route to the event.

Looking good: Ever the style icon, Victoria showed off her trim figure in the classic white blazer and matching trousers, teamed with a lace slip-style vest and black heels

Amazing: The 44-year-old mother-of-four had her ageless complexion on full display with a simple bronzed smoky eye, contoured cheeks and a nude lip

Hurry up! Victoria's journey to the awards show proved to be a hectic one, as she took to Instagram to share her hair being done on the way to the red carpet

Iconic: The fashion designer was to received a special honour for her outstanding contribution to the industry

The fashion designer was to received a special honour for her outstanding contribution to the industry, have remained an inspiration for many stars and designers since the Spice Girls days.

Victoria's outing comes after it was confirmed her former band would finally reunite for a tour in 2019, though she would not be taking part.

And while many fans seemed to have moved on from the idea of Victoria ever joining the band on-stage again, Mel B has hinted that may not be the case.

She's (not) back! Victoria's outing comes after it was confirmed she would not be joining the Spice Girls on their 2019 reunion tour

Proud: However following Monday's tour announcement Victoria did take to Instagram to congratulate her bandmates

Speaking on band-mate Emma Bunton's Heart Breakfast radio show, the star hinted Victoria could join them for a performance in London's Wembley Stadium in June next year.

Speaking about the difficult decision to go ahead with the reunion without Victoria, Mel said: 'It is tough because obviously she’s a huge part of the band.'

Mel C then chimed: 'We really support each other and the decisions that we make and we really support her, and she’s really supporting us, so I think that’s a big part of our ethos.'

Lavish: The stunning star joined all manner of celebrities in attendance for the awards, which honours the people's favourites in film, TV and music

Dressed to impress: Victoria finished off her look with her signature black pointed-toe heels

All came together: Despite the rush, Victoria's hair was perfect for the occasion, pulled into a classic updo

Cheeky Mel B then interjected: 'But she is joining us at Wembley on June 14th,' sparking laughter from the rest of the group.

The comment came after Victoria took to Instagram shortly after the band's reunion announcement on Monday to tell fans she would not be joining the group on stage again but wished them the best of luck.

She wrote: 'Today marks a special day for the girls as they announce the first tour dates since we performed together in 2012!

'I won't be joining my girls on stage again but being in the Spice Girls was a hugely important part of my life and I wish them so much love and fun as they go back on tour next year.

'I know they will put on an amazing show and the fantastic fans past and present are going to have a wonderful time! X vb #spicegirls #friendshipneverends (sic).'

Flawless: The simple look was signature for Victoria's style in recent years, which has also carried into her own brands

Amazing: With the look she certainly proved why she was worthy of such a fashion honour