Carrie Underwood 'may or may not have cried' after getting pulled over for speeding, and we can honestly relate Carrie Underwood had a recent run-in with the cops that "may or may not have" ended in tears.

The singer took to Twitter to share that after 18 years of following the rules, she had finally been pulled over for speeding.

Underwood is still in recovery following a nasty fall she had on the steps of her home that resulted in over 40 stitches in her face.

I don't know about you, but I've only ever been pulled over by the cops twice in my life. Both times, it was for dumb things I still had to pay a ticket for. Both times, I might have apologized so profusely I sounded like a broken record and things got weird. I may or may not have cried (I plead the Fifth on that count). So considering my history with the law, I found Carrie Underwood's recent run-in with the cops extremely relatable. Like, painfully so.

On Monday afternoon, Underwood tweeted out to her Twitter followers that it had finally happened: After close to two decades spent as a licensed driver, the fuzz finally got her.

"Well, it happened today. After 18 years, I can no longer say I’ve never been pulled over for speeding. I feel so ashamed! I may or may not have cried in my car after the cop let me go," Underwood wrote, following it up with some pretty silly hashtags: "#RuleFollower," "#GrannyDriver" and "#ImSorry."

Does anyone else just wanna hug Underwood, though? Like, I totally feel her pain when it comes to possibly getting all flustered and upset when the cops pull you over. Don't worry, sis. I'm right there with you!

Underwood didn't share the specifics of her traffic stop, like how much she was ticketed or how fast she was going, but this insight into her personal life is a very Carrie Underwood thing to do. She's been sharing a lot with her fans lately, including the fact that she is still in recovery from a mighty nasty fall she had on the steps of her home. The resulting facial injury required stitches, as Underwood revealed in early January 2018 on her Twitter.

So, seeing as Underwood has been put through the worst of the worst lately, I say we all gather up whatever good karma we have lying around and send it to her, OK? It sounds like she needs it.

Sign up here to get INSIDER's favorite stories straight to your inbox.