Why Kate Winslet and James Cameron’s Reunion for Avatar Is So Surprising In a reunion even die-hard Titanic fans probably never expected they’d live to see, director James Cameron will reunite with his former leading lady Kate Winslet for his massively ambitious Avatar franchise. Winslet will be playing a character named “Ronal” and it’s unclear yet how many of the four planned sequels she will appear in or whether she’ll even be human or Na’vi. Well, at least we can all be sure Cameron knows how to shoot the Oscar winner in blue.

When breaking the news, Cameron told Deadline: “Kate and I have been looking for something to do together for 20 years, since our collaboration on Titanic, which was one of the most rewarding of my career.” But as any Winslet lover can tell you, their decades-long relationship hasn’t exactly been smooth sailing. In 1998, when Winslet was making the press rounds for her Oscar-nominated work in Titanic (her second nomination after 1995’s Sense and Sensibility) she famously told the L.A. Times: “I would only work for Jim Cameron again for a lot of money.” Winslet later told Rolling Stone that quote was misinterpreted, but even that magazine added that Winslet “related harrowing near-drownings, and lots and lots of yelling” courtesy of her director.

When asked in 2012 about Winslet’s occasional Titanic complaints to the press, James Cameron told Moviefone: “I have to cut her some slack on that . . . a good part of the success of the film was because of their great work and so now they’ve had this sort of sense that there was a long shadow they had to escape from, so I understand her needing to distance herself from it. But, on the other hand, you know, it’s been 16 years, like, come on, Kate. Get over it. Take the win, girl! [Laughs] It’s O.K. You can relax now. You can unclench . . . I said I understood [her] response, I didn’t necessarily agree with it.”

And that same year, when Winslet and Cameron walked the red carpet together at the premiere of Titanic’s 3-D re-release in theaters, Winslet was eager to defend Cameron against reports that he had bullied her on the set. “Yes, he lost his temper,” she admitted, “but he only ever lost his temper for really, really good reasons.” Winslet and Cameron have both said it was the actress’s relationship with co-star (and lifelong friend) Leonardo DiCaprio that got her through the very rough shoot. “Did Kate mention that they were really there for each other?” Cameron told Rolling Stone in ’98. “On a long shoot, especially as you get into, like, month five, you’re just in a siege.”