Mark Wahlberg shows off his muscular 'Dad Bod' in his walk-in closet amid 47-day fitness challenge Two-time Oscar nominee Mark Wahlberg flaunted his muscular arms and chest while showcasing his new $35 TravisMathew 'Dad Bod' T-shirt in his walk-in closet on Tuesday.

The 47-year-old Bostonian posted the gratuitous shirtless video for the viewing pleasure of his captive combined 31.4M social media followers.

The Mile 22 action star has impressively managed to maintain his 5ft8in fit physique ever since his nineties hey-day as Marky Mark rapper and Calvin Klein underwear model.

'One of my favorite brands!' Two-time Oscar nominee Mark Wahlberg flaunted his muscular arms and chest while showcasing his new $35 TravisMathew 'Dad Bod' T-shirt in his walk-in closet on Tuesday

Wahlberg certainly has 'dad' cred thanks to his four children - Ella,15; Michael, 12; Brendan, 10; and Grace, 8 - with his wife of nine years, Rhea Durham, whom he met in 2001.

Mark detailed his demanding gym habits - affectionately known as 'The 4am Club' - while appearing on the September 5th episode of The Ellen DeGeneres Show.

'I got talked into doing this 4am, kind of 47-day challenge as a 47-year-old man trying to get in shape for a movie that I'm supposed to start,' the All the Money in the World actor explained.

'Inspire to be better': The 47-year-old Bostonian posted the gratuitous shirtless video for the viewing pleasure of his captive combined 31.4M social media followers

Not bad! The Mile 22 action star has impressively managed to maintain his 5ft8in fit physique ever since his nineties hey-day as Marky Mark rapper and Calvin Klein underwear model

Full house: Wahlberg certainly has 'dad' cred thanks to his four children - Ella, 15; Michael, 12; Brendan, 10; and Grace, 8 - with his wife of nine years, Rhea Durham, whom he met in 2001

'But the start date keeps changing, so I maybe working out for nothing. I'm 30-some odd days into this challenge.'

According to Variety, Mark's mystery movie is Peter Berg's Netflix crime drama Wonderland (based on Ace Atkins' 2013 novel) co-starring Black Panther's Winston Duke.

But first, audiences can catch the Daddy's Home 2 funnyman producing and starring as Pete in Instant Family, which hits US theaters November 16 and UK theaters February 14.

'I'm 30-some odd days in': Mark detailed his demanding gym habits - affectionately known as 'The 4am Club' - while appearing on the September 5th episode of The Ellen DeGeneres Show

The All the Money in the World actor explained: 'I got talked into doing this 4am, kind of 47-day challenge as a 47-year-old man trying to get in shape for a movie that I'm supposed to start, but the start date keeps changing'

Sean Anders' adoption/foster child comedy also features Tig Notaro, Octavia Spencer, Rose Byrne, Isabela Moner, Tom Segura, Julie Hagerty, and Iliza Shlesinger.

The three-time Golden Globe nominee also runs his fast-food franchise Wahlburgers with brothers Paul, Donnie, and mother Alma; and it even spun off into an Emmy-nominated A&E series for nine seasons.

Starts production this fall! Mark's mystery movie is Peter Berg's Netflix crime drama Wonderland (based on Ace Atkins' 2013 novel) co-starring Black Panther's Winston Duke