Aaron Carter opens up about multi-million dollar mistakes that led to bankruptcy Aaron Carter, 28, (pictured in 2009) filed for bankruptcy in 2013 but says he's not broke

Aaron Carter made more than $200million before he even turned 18 years old, he says.

So when he filed for bankruptcy in 2013 and his financial status was broadcast around the world, it was more than a little humiliating for the pop star.

But he wants the world to know he's not broke.

'I'm not broke. I mean, I don't make all the money in the world right now, but I'm doing the best that I can,' said the 28-year-old.

'I do a lot of shows and I write a lot of music.

'I'm rebuilding my life.

'Over the last 10 years, my story's been really difficult,' he told Oprah on 'Oprah: Where Are They Now - Extra.'

'No one has any idea what happened to me.'

Aaron, the younger brother of Backstreet Boy Nick Carter, shot to fame at age seven.

For the next decade, Aaron toured and made music, all while being managed by his parents.

'I hadn't taken a break. It was almost like 10 years that I had not stopped working for my family,' he says.

Aaron said his finances were better than his boy band brother before the age of 18.

'No disrespect to my brother, but when Nick was 18 years old and I was 10 years old, I was just kind of starting to make lots of money.

'I made over $200million in my career before I even turned 18 years old.

Aaron Carter (pictured, right with his brother Nick in 2000) started singing after Nick became a global phenomenon with the Backstreet Boys

The now-28-year-old says his parents Robert and Jane Carter (pictured with him in 2001) mishandled his millions of dollars when he was a kid and didn't leave him enough money to pay his taxes when he turned 18

'We had this massive compound, with, like, 12 houses on it.

'It was worth over $10million, and I had paid a lot of that money.

'I had done a lot of that stuff, and I never got any of those returns back or anything like that… Even at this point, I've never even owned my own home.'

Aaron claims his parents mishandled his money and neglected his finances.

'There was a lot of neglect on my parents' part,' he says. 'They didn't do a lot of things right.'

Aaron owed $4million in tax liens when he turned 18. He was only given $2million when he became an adult, despite the Coogan law - which is designed to safeguard a portion of child performers' earnings - stating he should have been given about $20million.

Aaron (pictured in 2013) says filing for bankruptcy was embarrassing as it became news and everyone assumed he was broke

Aaron (seen in 2012) says he doesn't blame his parents for their mistakes and has an album due out some time this year

Owing twice as much money as he had, he filed for bankruptcy.

'I was like, "I don't want to do it because it's embarrassing", and people are going to be like, "Aaron Carter's broke", and all this stuff,' Aaron said.

Aaron says he doesn't blame his parents for their financial mistakes and is now trying to put his life back together. It is not clear what happened to his missing millions.