Meghan Markle beats Kate Middleton as most influential fashion star Rihanna has landed the top spot on the list, with Selena Gomez coming in second and Bella Hadid in third

PHOTO: HARPAR'S BAZAAR





PHOTO: HARPAR'S BAZAAR



Both Meghan and Kate's fashion is closely followed by everyone, but it doesn't sound like they're in competition with each other. In fact, Kate couldn't have been happier for Meghan and Harry after the engagement news was revealed in November.



Princess Diana's biographer is writing a book about Meghan Markle



Kate and Prince William released a joint statement sharing their excitement over the news.



"We are very excited for Harry and Meghan," the couple said. "It has been wonderful getting to know Meghan and to see how happy she and Harry are together."



As for Kate, Lyst says that she "continues to spark global demand for her looks- this year caused dresses by Erdem, L.K. Bennett, Roland Mouret and Dolce & Gabbana to sell out in seconds."Rihanna has landed the No 1 spot on the list, with Selena Gomez coming in second and Bella Hadid in third.PHOTO: HARPAR'S BAZAARBoth Meghan and Kate's fashion is closely followed by everyone, but it doesn't sound like they're in competition with each other. In fact, Kate couldn't have been happier for Meghan and Harry after the engagement news was revealed in November.Kate and Prince William released a joint statement sharing their excitement over the news."We are very excited for Harry and Meghan," the couple said. "It has been wonderful getting to know Meghan and to see how happy she and Harry are together." PHOTO: HARPAR'S BAZAAR





US actor and the recent member of the British Royal family, Meghan Markle has left behind her soon to be sister-in-law and the Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton in a list of most influential fashion stars.Fashion platform Lyst has released its 2017 The Year in Fashion roundup and Markle scored the fourth spot in the Influencers category defeating Middleton, who came fifth, reports E! Online.PHOTO: HARPAR'S BAZAAR"Meghan proved her royal style credentials this year, wearing heritage British brands Barbour, Hunter and Burberry. She also spiked searches for lesser known labels Misha Nonoo and Finlay and Co," read a statement from Lyst.