Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner swap girly for grunge They dazzled the Chanel's Spring/Summer 2017 Couture show and later the Alexandre Vauthier at Paris Fashion Week throughout the day.

Yet Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner went from super girly glamour to out and out grunge as they departed the plush Four Seasons hotel to step out on the streets of the French capital on Tuesday evening.

The 20-year-old sister of fellow model Gigi wore skin-tight leather trousers with a baggy black hoodie while the Keeping Up With The Kardashians starlet, 21, wore coordinating flared trousers with a shearling denim jacket.

Scroll down for video

Gals on tour: Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner went from super girly glamour to out and out grunge as they departed the plush Four Seasons hotel to step out on the streets of the French capital on Tuesday evening

Bella and Kendall stand at the forefront of the 'Instagram Generation' of supermodels, in which they join a whole legion of bright young sparks taking the fashion world by storm.

Proving their fashion credentials during their Parisian working trip, the girls sported not one but two off duty ensembles atop their catwalk looks on Tuesday.

Leading the charge was Bella who dazzled in her skin-tight leather trousers and paired the look with rock chick heavy boots, designed by Louis Vuitton, and an over-sized black sweater adorned with tribal detailing along the neck and arms.

Despite the night sky descending, the raven-haired beauty proved herself to be every inch the superstar by peeling on a pair of black sunglasses to mask her flawlessly made-up face.

Out and a pout: The 20-year-old sister of fellow model Gigi wore skin-tight leather trousers with a baggy black hoodie while the Keeping Up With The Kardashians starlet, 21, wore coordinating flared trousers with a shearling denim jacket

Uptown girls: Proving their fashion credentials during their Parisian working trip, the girls sported not one but two off duty ensembles atop their catwalk looks on Tuesday

Legs for days: Leading the charge was Bella who dazzled in her skin-tight leather trousers, paired the look with rock chick heavy boots, designed by Louis Vuitton, and an over-sized black sweater adorned with tribal detailing along the neck and arms

Her dark tresses were scraped back into an eye-wateringly tight ponytail to help exhibit both her flawless bone structure and dewy alabaster complexion.

Not to be outdone by her younger colleague, Kendall too rocked a cutting edge ensemble as she too opted for leather trousers although alternated the look with a flared shape.

While Bella's jumper was adorned with a tribal print, the reality star wore a top by sports giant Fila, which she layered beneath a denim shearling jacket.

Rock on! Not to be outdone by her younger colleague, Kendall too rocked a cutting edge ensemble as she too opted for leather trousers although alternated the look with a flared shape

Leather lady: She wore her hair in loose straight lengths while also opting for sunglasses at night - evidently the hallmark of all the young hot stars

Look at me! Kendall looked like a superstar from beneath her sunglasses alongside Bella

Tuning in: Seemingly prepped to listen to some tunes, Bella clutched her phone and headphones

Grunge girls: The glamorous duo proved they know how to do low-key

Chic: Bella accessorised her look with a chic cross body bag for the night

Wow! Kendall looked sensational at the Alexandre Vauthier show alongside her pal

Metallic magic: Bella's getup was also phenomenal

Hello Bella! Typically stony-faced Bella flashed a wide grin as she left the show

She wore her hair in loose straight lengths while also opting for sunglasses at night - evidently the hallmark of all the young hot stars.

Far from distancing herself from work, Kendall continued to proudly wave the flag for Chanel as she rocked a small classic quilted handbag in stunning forest green hue.

Earlier in the day on the catwalk, both the girls wore incredible Twenties-inspired ensembles complete with sparkling material, feathers, chiffon and staggering heels.

Looking alarmingly similar, the girls wore their hair slicked in matching side partings while their make-up was kept neutral to best enhance their stunning good looks.

Pretty pair: The pals stepped out in style together for the evening

Me and you! The duo have been practically inseparable since hitting PFW

Chanello! Far from distancing herself from work, Kendall continued to proudly wave the flag for Chanel as she rocked a small classic quilted handbag in stunning forest green hue

Dazzling: Kendall and Bella walked the runway during the Chanel Haute Couture Spring Summer 2017 show as part of Paris Fashion Week

A helping hand... Bella was escorted out of the show by an aide

Catwalk to the sidewalk: Bella continued to ooze style as she left the opulent Chanel SS17 Couture Paris Fashion Week show following her runway appearance

After the show, the stunning duo opted for very different looks, with Bella dressing up in a cream knit dress, while Kendall layered in a gold puffa jacket.

Bella's nude dress oozed understated elegance, skimming her trim figure perfectly and seemingly borrowing from the Seventies in style.

Featuring a tan leather border, the classic piece was spiced up with a statement cowl neck and oversized sleeves.

Flashing a hint of her toned legs- covered up by tights guarding her against the winter chill, Bella teamed the frock with stylish suede over-the-knee boots.

Model behaviour! Bella and Kendall opted for very different looks, with the former dressing up in a cream knit dress, while the latter layered in a gold puffa jacket

Coordinating colours, she covered her pretty face with semi-transparent aviator shades, adding a sick of lipstick to her full pout.

And fresh off the catwalk, the brunette beauty wore her hair in the same sleek side-parted bun she sported on the runway.

Accessorising with a chain strap black clutch bag, her look was complete.

Chic: Bella's nude dress oozed understated elegance, skimming her trim figure perfectly

Relaxed: She rocked a casual grey T-shirt, she layered up against the winter chill in a cream cable knit cardigan and a metallic shiny puffa jacket

Meanwhile Kendall showcased her endless legs in a pair of lightly flared leggings.

Teaming them with a casual grey T-shirt, she layered up against the winter chill in a cream cable knit cardigan and a metallic shiny puffa jacket.

Also wearing her hair in the sleek bun worn on the catwalk, she covered her face with dark shades and accessorised with a quilted bag.

Heading to a waiting car with pal Bella, the duo had a successful morning's work behind them.

Stylish: Flashing a hint of her toned legs- covered up by tights guarding her against the winter chill, Bella teamed the frock with stylish suede over-the-knee boots

Simple style: Coordinating colours, she covered her pretty face with semi-transparent aviator shades, adding a sick of lipstick to her full pout

Chanel hair: Fresh off the catwalk, the brunette beauty wore her hair in the same sleek side-parted bun she sported on the runway

Bella has needed her friends around her since it emerged her 26-year-old ex moved on to Selena Gomez, 24, two months after they broke up.

The Starboy hitmaker shocked fans last week when he was spotted kissing Selena Gomez following his split from supermodel Bella Hadid in November.

In recent weeks pictures were published showing the new couple hugging and kissing.

TMZ reported that the model felt 'betrayed' that her ex and Selena moved on so quickly.

Not jetlagged? Despite Paris being eight hours ahead of LA, the model looked fresh-faced

Legs for days! Kendall showcased her endless pins in a pair of lightly flared leggings

Successful morning: Also wearing her hair in the sleek bun worn on the catwalk, she headed to a waiting car with pal Bella, the duo had a successful morning's work behind them

Some claimed the Kill Em With Kindness singer broke a girl code, as she and Bella seemed to have been friends before.

However the Latina beauty is reportedly claiming that she and Bella - who is of Dutch and Palestinian descent, weren't even that close, and she didn't need to give the model a head's up of her new romance, according to TMZ.

A source told the entertainment news site said that the new couple aren't even 'that serious' yet, as they only started 'hanging out' prior to Christmas, and did not spend it together.