Justin Bieber Wants to Be With Selena Gomez But Is Hanging With Baskin Champion The Jelena drama never ends, even if Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber aren't in the same country. E! is now reporting that Bieber and his "mystery girl" from yesterday evening, model Baskin Champion (who may or may not have a boyfriend), did spend the night alone at Bieber's place—and have been together multiple times.

Splash News Bieber and Champion last night.

"Justin had friends with him [initially yesterday] but they all left and Justin and Baskin were alone together for the night," E!'s source said.



"They've hung out several times in the last few days. They were also out together on Friday night with Patrick [Schwarzenegger, Bieber's close friend] and Abby [Champion, Baskin's sister and Schwarzenegger's girlfriend]. They went to multiple clubs."

"Justin seems very into Baskin and like they are very comfortable together. They are having fun and always laughing and flirting."

But, don't get the Biebs wrong, Selena Gomez is the girl he really wants to be with. He's very sad they're on a break that she apparently insisted on, the source said: “Justin has been upset about the recent break from Selena and is trying to keep busy until they work things out. It wasn’t his choice for them to split, and he is really taking time to focus on himself right now. He has been working out every day, focusing on church and being out and about with his friends.”

The source then tried to minimize Champion's place in Bieber's heart. Maybe a little damage control if Gomez is reading from Sydney: “Justin was introduced to Baskin through his friend group and they have only hung out a few times. He has definitely been liking her company, but to say they are dating is a huge stretch. Justin isn’t trying to be serious with anyone but Selena.”

Gomez and Bieber have had trust issues in the past: Speaking to his ex Hailey Baldwin to make amends, then telling Gomez about it was enough to reportedly send Jelena to couples' therapy in December. (Bieber has also admitted to cheating on Gomez when they were younger.) So this Baskin Champion business could end up really hurting Bieber's chances for reconciliation when Gomez gets home...or not! A break is a break.