Kylie Jenner reveals her baby daughter's name is Stormi Reality TV star Kylie Jenner and her boyfriend Travis Scott have named their daughter Stormi.

The youngest Keeping Up With The Kardashians sister posted the name on Instagram with a picture of the baby's hand clutching hers.

An out of focus Stormi can be seen in the background wearing baby pink, with Jenner's nails painted the same colour.

After just an hour more than 5.5m people had liked the post.

stormi 👼🏽 A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Feb 6, 2018 at 1:14pm PST

It came two days after Jenner revealed she had given birth to a "beautiful and healthy" daughter on 1 February.

Before that she had not made public any details of her pregnancy and had not even confirmed she was expecting.

Jenner apologised to fans for "keeping you in the dark" and said she kept the pregnancy private because she needed to "prepare for this role of a lifetime in the most positive, stress free, and healthy way I knew how".

She said: "There was no gotcha moment, no big paid reveal I had planned.

"I knew my baby would feel every stress and every emotion so I chose to do it this way for my little life and our happiness."

Image: Pic: Kylie Jenner/Youtube

The star has been in the spotlight since she was nine years old as part of the Jenner-Kardashian family on reality TV show Keeping Up With The Kardashians.

She said pregnancy had been the most "beautiful, empowering and life changing experience" of her life and she is "actually going to miss it".

Jenner also shared an 11-minute video giving fans a peek into the last nine months, from the time she found out she was expecting until the baby's birth.

Image: Pic: Kylie Jenner/Youtube

During her pregnancy there were several rumours which she chose not to address, only posting pictures on social media where her stomach could not be seen.

On the same day her name was disclosed, it was revealed Stormi's father, rapper Travis Scott - real name Jacques Webster - had pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct for an incident last year at a concert in Arkansas.

He was arrested after his concert and police claimed he "encouraged people to rush the stage" but his lawyer said video footage did not support the allegations so other charges of inciting a riot and endangering the welfare of a minor were dismissed.

Jenner's sister, Kim Kardashian, welcomed a baby girl named Chicago via a surrogatein January and her sister Khloe Kardashian is due to give birth in two months.