Kym Johnson, Robert Herjavec Reveal Twins’ Gender at Baby Shower Twice the fun! Kym Johnson and Robert Herjavec were thrown a lavish baby shower on Saturday, March 31, where they also revealed the gender of their twins!

Related: Dancing With the Stars’ Hottest Hookups! Check out the love lives of the celeb and pro dancers

The Shark Tank star, 55, and Johnson shared the exciting news — that they are expecting a baby boy and a baby girl — by popping two big black balloons that held smaller pink and blue balloons and confetti. The sweet moment was captured by one of their guests, BP Major, who wrote, “Genders are revealed!!!! So excited. Congratulations to @robert_herjavec and @kymherjavec5678 – love you both” with dancing man emojis. Other guests in attendance included the Dancing With the Stars alum’s friends and costars, Cheryl Burke and Anna Trebunskaya.

Related: Celebrities Who Have a Twin Stars -- times two! From beloved blonde duo Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, to Scarlett Johansson and her hunky twin brother, Hunter, see which famous stars have the twin chromosome!

The host of the party, Carson Kressley, shared a sweet photo with Johnson that he hilariously captioned, “One of us is pregnant!” The Queer Eye for the Straight Guy alum, who was once a contestant on DWTS, decorated the party with pretty displays of pink and blue hydrangeas. Guests were treated to an impressive layout of pastries that were also surrounded by blue and pink details.

As previously reported, Johnson and Herjavec, who met when they were paired together on season 20 of the ABC series and married in 2016, announced they were expecting in December 2017. Throughout her pregnancy, the professional dancer, 41, has been documenting her journey by sharing photos of her baby bump on her social media accounts.

Related: Cutest Celebrity Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

This was not the only party thrown in honor of the couple. In January, Herjavec threw his wife a baby shower in her native Australia, where she celebrated with family and friends.