Why Saoirse Ronan’s Pink Calvin Klein Oscars Dress Is Already Iconic 



1 / 7 Chevron Chevron Photo: Courtesy

“It’s her third Oscar nomination,” said stylist Elizabeth Saltzman of her client and friend Saoirse Ronan. “She’s 23—it’s mind-blowing already.” The Lady Bird star and Best Actress nominee’s arrival tonight on the Oscars red carpet, in a pink Calvin Klein By Appointment dress, did just that and more, striking a cheerful, optimistic tone. Designed by Raf Simons, the piece found its roots through early conversations with Saltzman, with the color being determined immediately. “It is a pink, which is what I was trying not to do,” added Saltzman, who conceded, “but it was just right.”

The resulting bow-trimmed gown, coupled with Ronan’s new cropped hair, is poised to sit alongside other memorable Oscar red carpet moments, including Nicole Kidman’s mandarin-inspired Galliano for Dior couture dress in 1997 and Julia Roberts’s black and white Valentino stunner from 2001. “I want this to be timeless,” said Saltzman. “It needed to be about Saoirse, as a person.” It also functioned as Simons’s statement on elegance, femininity, and what it means to dress as a woman on the awards show circuit. “It’s what girls are made of, and what women can wear,” said Saltzman. “It’s just so beautiful.”

The dress itself married couture-level craftsmanship with modern design. An inner sheath hit Ronan just above the ankle, while the exaggerated bow in the back was a bold touch. “I just want that bow,” Saltzman said. “This should be a really beautiful moment. It’s modern.” For jewelry, Saltzman and Ronan chose diamonds to punctuate the look. “I put this thinnest strand of clear diamonds—they are barely there on her ears—and the most beautiful ring from 1929, this diamond,” said Saltzman.

What’s more, the team had an ingenious plan for the Oscars after-party in place: the ultimate quick-change. “The train comes off, so she can party her ass off,” said Saltzman, laughing. Just your average, couture dress–wearing, three-time-Oscar-nominated 23-year-old.

See All of the Celebrity Looks From the 2018 Oscars Red Carpet: