Kirsten Dunst Gives Birth to First Child With Jesse Plemons Kirsten Dunst is a mommy! The 35-year-old actress has given birth to her first child, a baby boy, with her fiancé, Jesse Plemons, her rep confirms to Us Weekly.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2018 A new bundle of joy! Scroll through to see all the cute babies who were born to famous parents in 2018, so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive […]

Us exclusively revealed in December that Dunst and Plemons, 29, were expecting. She confirmed the news the following month by cradling her baby bump in a stunning photo shoot for Rodarte’s Fall-Winter 2018 lookbook.

Related: Cutest Celebrity Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

The Spider-Man actress and the Friday Night Lights alum started dating in 2016 after meeting on the season 2 set of the FX series Fargo, where they played a married couple named Peggy and Ed Blumquist. They became engaged in January 2017.

Prior to welcoming her new bundle of joy, Dunst opened up about wanting to expand her family. “I’m at a stage in my life where I’m like, ‘I’ve been working since I was 3. It’s time to have babies and chill,’” she said in the July 2017 issue of Marie Claire U.K.

Related: Celebrity Moms Brag About Their Cute Kids on Social Media Even celebrity moms can't help but brag about their little cuties! From Gwyneth Paltrow posting about Moses and Apple, to Jessica Simpson sharing sweet snapshots of Maxwell and Ace, click through to see stars brag on Instagram, Facebook, and more social media about their kids with adorable photos

“I wasn’t one of those ‘I need a baby!’ people until my goddaughter was born. I love her so much,” the Golden Globe nominee continued at the time. “That love is just like … you can’t experience that unless you have a kid. I put her to bed last night and she woke up this morning and said to her mom, ‘Where’s Kiki?’ I just love that love. That’s what I want.”

The new parents are set to tie the knot this spring in Austin, Texas.