Ashley Monroe and John Danks Welcome Son Dalton: Pics He’s here! Ashley Monroe and baseball player John Danks welcomed their first child, a baby boy, the country singer announced on Friday, August 4.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2017 Babies on board! Click through to see all the adorable bundle of joys who were born in 2017

“Welcome to the world, love of my life. Dalton William Danks,” the 30-year-old songstress captioned an Instagram slideshow.

Welcome to the world, love of my life. Dalton William Danks. ❤️ A post shared by Ashley Monroe (@ashleymonroemusic) on Aug 4, 2017 at 6:08am PDT

In the first pic, the adorable little boy sleeps with his hands above his head. In another photo, the proud dad, 32, smiles and holds Dalton, who is swaddled in a blanket and wearing a hat, at the hospital. The whole family also poses together for a selfie with Monroe laying in the hospital bed and holding her bundle of joy.

Related: Cutest Celebrity Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

The Pistol Annies singer previously revealed that she was pregnant on Christmas Day 2016 by sharing a photo of her ultrasound on Instagram. “Best present ever. Merry Christmas everyone,” she captioned the post. “So many new things coming in 2017!” In March, she revealed that she was expecting a boy by baring her bump in a bikini and pointing to a blue “Baby Boy” sign.

Related: Miranda Lambert’s Best Red Carpet Moments From country princess to mainstream queen, Miranda Lambert's ever-evolving red carpet style has wowed many and successfully shown off her curves. Blake Shelton's wife wears everything from denim and cowboy boots to couture gowns. See her best looks!

Monroe and Danks wed in an intimate ceremony at the luxurious Blackberry Farm in Walland, Tennessee, in 2013. The singer’s BFF Miranda Lambert served as the maid of honor and wedding planner, while Lambert’s then-husband Blake Shelton officiated the ceremony. “I am the happiest I’ve ever been in my entire life,” Monroe told Us Weekly at the time.

It seems that Monroe may be back in the studio soon with her Pistol Annies bandmates Lambert, 33, and Angaleena Presley. In a Billboard cover story last week, the “White Liar” singer promised that the trio would be coming out with a new album in 2018.

For the latest celebrity entertainment, news and lifestyle videos, subscribe to Us Weekly’s YouTube Page.