How 'Grey’s Anatomy' star Ellen Pompeo went from barely paying rent to earning $20 million a year Ellen Pompeo has spent 14 seasons as Meredith Grey, the star of ABC's hit drama "Grey's Anatomy." But though she now pulls in a remarkable $20 million a year for playing the show's titular character, Pompeo admits that working in network TV wasn't always what she planned to do. In fact, she didn't even want to audition for the role in the first place, she tells The Hollywood Reporter in a candid, funny and occasionally profane interview. She wanted to be a movie star. Pompeo grew up in Everett, Massachusetts, a suburb outside of Boston, where she lived with her father, grandfather and siblings. Her mother died unexpectedly when Pompeo was five, which fed her insecurities. "I didn't have a mother to tell me how amazing I was," she told Good Housekeeping.

Ellen Pompeo as Meredith Grey on ABC's "Grey's Anatomy." Richard Cartwright | Disney ABC Television Group | Getty Images

After high school, Pompeo worked as a bartender until her father encouraged her to pursue acting. Her breakout moment came in 2002 when she landed a role as the love interest in "Midnight Mile." That marked her first appearance on the big screen. She went on to nab parts in "Old School" and "Daredevil" but, by 2004, Pompeo's career had hit a wall and she was almost broke. When her agent brought her the script for "Grey's," Pompeo balked. "I was like, 'I'm not going to be stuck on a medical show for five years,'" she says. "'Are you out of your f------ mind? I'm an actress.'" However, he convinced her to audition anyway, if only to pay her rent. He predicted that the pilot wouldn't even air and Pompeo's fear of getting "stuck" on a medical drama would never come to fruition. But not only did "Grey's Anatomy" air, it became an instant hit. "I knew I was f-----," Pompeo tells The Hollywood Reporter.

After three seasons, Pompeo had the chance to leave the show or extend her contract. She knew she wasn't likely to find a better role anywhere else, so she stayed put. "I was 36," she tells Good Housekeeping. "I knew as a woman in the [movie] business that I wasn't going to be paid the same as men." (Indeed, Hollywood's male leads notoriously make millions more than its female stars.) With "Grey's" now in its 14th season, Pompeo is one of the highest-paid actresses in Hollywood, earning more than $20 million a year, according to The Hollywood Reporter. She'll receive $575,000 per episode, a seven-figure signing bonus, producing fees and back-end equity in the deal, among other perks. To get there, Pompeo had to learn it wasn't "being greedy" to ask for what she was worth. "For me, Patrick [Dempsey] leaving the show [in 2015] was a defining moment, deal-wise. They could always use him as leverage against me — 'We don't need you; we have Patrick' — which they did for years," she says. Pompeo recalls a time when she asked to be paid $5,000 more than Dempsey on principle, since she was the Grey in "Grey's Anatomy," after all. The studio turned her down. But Pompeo didn't give up, either on her show or on her ambition.

Ellen Pompeo and Patrick Dempsey on "Grey's Anatomy." Scott Garfield | Disney ABC Television Group | Getty Images