Jennifer Lopez reveals her ex, Marc Anthony, helped her with her confidence when they were married They split in 2011 and their divorce was finalized in 2014.

But Jennifer Lopez is thankful for the seven years she spent with her ex Marc Anthony, 50.

Because although it's hard to imagine the 49-year-old actress and singer was ever less than her outgoing self, Marc 'really helped with my confidence,' she dished to Sunday TODAY host Willie Geist. 'He saw where I suffered.'

She's thankful to him: Jennifer Lopez revealed that her ex-husband Marc Anthony 'really helped with my confidence,' in an interview wiht Sunday TODAY host Willie Geist

The star, who tied the knot with the singer of Puerto Rican heritage in 2004, said that Anthony would insist: 'You’re a great singer.

'Don’t ever let anybody tell you you’re not a great singer.'

She added: 'And I respected him so much because I consider him one of the best singers of all time.'

The couple have remained friendly exes for the sakes of the twins they share, son Max and duaghter Emme, now 10-years-old.

Talking him up: The star, who tied the knot with the singer of Puerto Rican heritage in 2004, said that Anthony would insist: 'Don’t ever let anybody tell you you’re not a great singer'

Back in the day: J-Lo, 49, and Marc, 50, at the Vanity Fair Oscar Party in 2010

Meanwhile, J-Lo has found new love with with former pro-baseball player Alex Rodriguez, 43, of the New York Yankees.

The loved up couple have been together since February 2017.

On Monday they enjoyed a romantic dinner at Craig's in Beverly Hills.

Out with her twins: Jennifer with Max and Esme at the premiere of Twentieth Century Fox And Dreamworks Animation's Home in Westwood, Los Angeles on March 22, 2015

They came straight from a meeting at the HQ of events promoter Live Nation - although J-Lo looked more ready for the gym than anything else.

She showed off her fabulously toned tummy in a cropped yellow sweater, paired with a colorful skin-tight leggings and desert boots.

Her beau was casually dressed in a purple pullover that he wore with a white polo shirt, grey slacks and white trainers.