Pamela Anderson calls Tommy Lee 'a disaster' after fight with son Updated March 8, 2018, 6:37 p.m. ET

Following rocker Tommy Lee's allegation that son Brandon, 21, knocked him "unconscious," mom Pamela Anderson is defending her son.

On Tuesday, Lee, 55, tweeted that he and fiancée Brittany Furlan, 31, "were in bed when my son busted into the room and assaulted me. I asked him to leave the house and he knocked me unconscious. He ran away from the police. THAT’S the truth."

Not so, said Anderson on Thursday, who also shares son Dylan, 20, with her ex-husband, to whom she was married from 1995 to1998.

In a post titled "Alcoholism is the devil," Anderson, who is currently in France, wrote that Brandon had been putting together an intervention for his father. "He just wants him to get sober," she said, adding that Brandon acted out of self-defense and "punched him in the nose for all of us who he has hurt."

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

"I pray Tommy gets the help he needs," she wrote. "His actions are desperate and humiliating — he is a disaster spinning out of control. and he is not acting like a father.

But this is nothing new. My sons have made every attempt to help him in recent months - staying with him to make sure he’s OK. Just by being present with him they were hoping he’d feel loved and act differently. I feared things might escalate."

Brandon confirmed he'd been trying to plan an intervention in a statement issued via his rep Teal Cannaday to USA TODAY early Thursday.

"I wanted my dad’s hopeful sobriety and recovery to be a private family matter but, as a result of his accusations on social media, I feel forced to speak out," he said. "I have and will continue to cooperate with law enforcement as needed. I love my father and just want to see him sober, happy and healthy.”

Anderson called Lee the "definition of narcissist/sociopath — his fiancé keeps him drunk — this is what he wants — someone to behave badly with. It’s terrible."

The former Baywatch star says she has blocked Lee's recent attempts to contact her. "I will never talk to Tommy again before he is sober and in his right mind," she wrote.

"Though he’s made attempts to contact me. I have blocked him. "It is impossible to reason with crazy."

Anderson added that Brandon doesn't want his father to go to jail. But "him blaming his son or us for anything is delusional." Read her post here.









