Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Are "Total Homebodies" When She Visits Kensington Palace 



How cute!

Prince Harry and his girlfriend, Meghan Markle, are “total homebodies” when the actress visits her royal love at his Kensington Palace residence, according to a new report.

MUST SEE: Who Is Prince Harry’s Dad? Princess Diana’s Ex-Lover Addresses Rumors He’s His Real Father

“They’ve just been chilling at home. There’s always someone watching or trying to get pics when they go out that they’re pretty happy just staying in and doing nothing. They like to cook, watch movies, and that kind of thing,” a source recently told E! Online.

Harry (left) and Meghan (right). (Photo Credit: Getty Images)

This latest news comes just months after it was revealed that Meghan, 35, is gearing up to move in with Harry, 32, once renovations to Kensington Palace are finished this fall.

“He keeps popping round and asking when it will be ready,” a source close to the royal family recently told the Daily Mail. “He seems in a real hurry to move in with Meghan.”

MORE: Prince Harry to Propose to Meghan Markle With an Engagement Ring That Once Belonged to Princess Diana

Since Harry and Meghan began dating in August 2016, the Suits star has often visited her red-headed boyfriend in London. “She cooks for him, he pops out to the gym and they’re just enjoying hanging out,” a source recently revealed of the duo. “Meg has always enjoyed spending time in London, but she’s really putting down roots.”

Harry’s new Kensington Palace apartment will be closely located the residence Prince William and Kate Middleton will share with their two children, Prince George, 3, and Princess Charlotte, 2. “It’s sweet that Harry and Meghan will be living next to William and Kate,” the source continued.

MORE: Prince Harry Has More Ex-Girlfriends Than You Think — See the List!

The news that Harry and Meghan are moving in together has further sparked rumors the two will soon announce their engagement to the public.

Unfortunately, Harry’s grandmother Queen Elizabeth won’t be attending his nuptials, a source told Life & Style. Since Elizabeth is head of the Church of England, she should not endorse a royal marriage with someone who’s been divorced. Meghan was previously hitched to Trevor Engelson from 2011 until 2013.

Check out the gallery for all the details on Harry and Meghan’s whirlwind romance!