Justin Timberlake Spice Girl hook up: Was Emma Bunton the lucky lady? Ever since Justin Timberlake confessed he once hooked up with a member of the Spice Girls during an appearance on The Ellen DeGeneres Show on Tuesday, the world has been desperate to know which one it was.

And while the Mirrors singer, 37, has kept tight lipped on the matter, an old interview with Emma Bunton might very well have solved the mystery.

Dug up from the archives at ITV by People Music, an episode of The Jonathan Ross Show from 2004 sees the chat show host ask Baby Spice outright whether or not she and Justin ever had a tryst.

She's the one? While Justin Timberlake has kept tight lipped on the matter of which Spice Girl he hooked up with, an old interview might very well have unearthed the mystery - and revealed it was Emma Bunton

'You had a one nighter with him, is that right?' the ever-blunt interviewer asked Emma, who was on the show to promote her solo music.

'Jonathan!' she coyly scolded him.

'I heard this to be true!' Jonathan pressed.

'We hung out and partied a bit and he was very sweet,' she went on. 'He spoke about this first, ’cause otherwise I would not have said a word. He’s very sweet.'

Dug up from the archives: An episode of The Jonathan Ross Show from 2004 sees the chat show host ask Baby Spice outright whether or not she and Justin ever had a tryst [pictured in 2003 with All Saints star Melanie Blatt wedged between them]

This appears to confirm that Emma, now 42, is the Spice Girl in question.

Emma also put on a very giggly performance on This Morning in 2003 when she was asked if she was secretly dating Justin, to which she said: 'I can't say'.

The subject was also broached in an interview with Grazia magazine in 2016, when Emma was asked about rumours claiming she'd enjoyed a fling with the Cry Me A River crooner back when they were both single in 2003.

Emma, who has been in a relationship with singer Jade Jones on and off since 1998, responded: 'I'm going to have to say no comment.'

Telling all: Justin confessed he once hooked up with a member of the Spice Girls during an appearance on Tuesday's episode of The Ellen DeGeneres Show

Girl gang: The Spice Girls (L-R) Victoria Beckham, Emma Bunton, Melanie Brown, Geri Horner and Melanie Chisholm during the height of their fame in 1997

This has all come out of the woodwork again, after Justin, alongside his NSYNC bandmates Chris Kirkpatrick, Joey Fatone, Lance Bass, and JC Chasez, told Ellen his cheeky secret during a game of Never Have I Ever.

The group were asked by the show host: 'Never have I ever hooked up with a Spice Girl', to which Justin hesitantly turned his paddle to read 'I have.'

Victoria Beckham has previously revealed Justin and NSYNC asked to sing for the Spice Girls when they met at an airport during the height of the bands' mutual fame in the late 90s.

Busted: The singer, 37, made the candid revelation during a game of Never Have I Ever with his NSYNC bandmates Lance Bass, Joey Fatone, JC Chasez, and Chris Kirkpatrick

Something to tell? While a name wasn't revealed, the musician has previously been linked to Baby Spice (pictured last week)

Secrets and Ellen: The chat show host is known to squeeze juicy facts from her high-profile guests

She said: 'We were sitting there, in an airport, five girls altogether, and then some guy comes up and he says, "Hey I’m in a band, I got my friends, can we come and sing for you?"

'They stood there and they could sing. And it was NSYNC and that was Justin Timberlake. But they shut us up because they were good.'

Justin has been happily married to actress Jessica Biel, 36 - the mother of his son Silas, three - since 2012.

During the Ellen appearance, Justin, Lance,Joey, JC and Chris all confessed to having hooked up with someone on their tour bus.

But none of them admitted to ever hooking up to an NSYNC song.

Potential romance? In May 2003, Justin was seen partying with Emma Bunton at the Rex Club along with All Saints' Melanie Blatt And Shaznay Lewis

Long-term love: Justin has been happily married to actress Jessica Biel, 36 - the mother of his son Silas, three - since 2012

Special guests: Justin, Lance Bass, Joey Fatone, JC Chasez, and Chris Kirkpatrick all confessed to having hooked up with someone on their tour bus

Throwback: The last time that NSYNC performed together was five years ago at the MTV Video Music Awards

The last time that NSYNC took the stage was in 2013 at the MTV Video Music Awards.

'I was scared s**t less,' Joey said as they reminisced about the performance.

'We were told at first that we were just singing by the way,' Chris chimed in.

'It was "yeah, come out we're just going to sing a little bit." Me and Joey were like cool we can step touch. It's gonna be great and then the choreographer shows up and we're like wait what?'

Famous forever: The band, which broke up back in 2002, recently received a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame

'As far as the star is concerned, it's surreal,' Joey said smiling. 'You always look at all the people that are on there and think one day it would be nice to have that. It's a legacy that we're living'

The band, which broke up back in 2002, recently received a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame.

'As far as the star is concerned, it's surreal,' Joey said smiling. 'You always look at all the people that are on there and think one day it would be nice to have that. It's a legacy that we're living.'

But despite their 16-year disbandment, they all still keep in touch.

'We actually have a ridiculous group chat,' JC said. 'It's the easiest way. Everybody who you run into is like I want to see the group and you're like "no."

But despite their 16-year disbandment, they all still keep in touch. 'We actually have a ridiculous group chat,' JC said. 'It's the easiest way. Everybody who you run into is like I want to see the group and you're like "no"

Before the band arrived, Timberlake had a chance to catch up with Ellen one-on-one.

And he told a hilarious 'dad tale' about his son Silas, age three.

'It was like 6:45 and I just felt this hand,' he said. 'We're getting really well down the line with the pee peeing on the potty thing but at nighttime we give him a diaper.

'And so I feel the hand and he comes in and he hugs me and right on my back I'm like that's really wet. Anybody who's a parent out there knows that it's like you've never been more excited to be peed on.'

Good friends: Before the band arrived, Timberlake had a chance to catch up with Ellen one-on-one. And he told a hilarious 'dad tale' about his son Silas, age three