Ryan Reynolds reveals fan asked for a high-five as his wife was ill He's set to return as the foul-mouthed, fourth-wall breaking superhero Deadpool, aka Wade Wilson, in the highly-anticipated sequel to the Marvel action movie.

And Ryan Reynolds, 41, seems to have had some very awkward encounters with fans since taking on the role, as he revealed that one person asked for a high five even though his 'dying' wife was being carried off their plane in a stretcher.

Speaking about the odd moment on The Graham Norton Show, which is set to air on Friday night, the Canadian star said: 'I was on a plane with a honeymooning couple and the bride became very ill – not just throwing up ill, but really painting with her internal organs.'

Odd moment: Ryan Reynolds revealed told The Graham Norton Show that his strangest fan encounter saw a man ask him for a high-five as his 'dying' wife was being stretchered off their plane

He continued: 'She was taken off the plane on a stretcher it was so bad. As her new husband followed her out he spotted me and shouted, "Deadpool. High five!"

'It was a surreal moment – firstly, I didn't want to high five him just in case he was infected and secondly, he seemed to have no concern for his dying wife!'

Talking passionately about Deadpool 2, Ryan said: 'It's bolder and nuttier than the first. We've pushed things further. It's supercharged and we are pumped up about it.'

Excited: Talking passionately about Deadpool 2, Ryan said: 'It's bolder and nuttier than the first. We've pushed things further. It's supercharged and we are pumped up about it'

Star-studded show: The pair were joined on the show by David Beckham (second left), The Crown star Vanessa Kirby (second right), and singer Joan Armatrading (right)

The Hitman's Bodyguard star appeared on the show alongside his co-star Josh Brolin, who plays the time-travelling mutant soldier Cable in Deadpool 2, his second role in a Marvel film since he made his debut as Thanos in Avengers: Infinity War in April.

Of how things were on set between the pair, Josh said: 'I wrote him an email telling him what a good time I am having and how much I enjoy working with him.'

He then added: 'I confessed I had seen The Proposal three times and am a huge fan,' as Ryan joked 'It was actually a love letter!'

The pair were also joined on the show by David Beckham, The Crown star Vanessa Kirby, and singer Joan Armatrading.

Having a great time: Josh Brolin, who plays the time-travelling mutant soldier Cable, said of working with Ryan: 'I wrote him an email telling him what a good time I am having'

Deadpool originally began production in 2004 but was put on hold until 2014 when film footage leaked, and fans enthusiastic response to it, persuaded 20th Century Fox to give it the green light.

The sequel follows Ryan's superhero as he returns with his own squad, including mutant mercenary Domino (Zazie Beetz), as they take on Josh's cybernetic soldier.

While the film is adored by fans for the way it pokes fun at the superhero genre, Ryan recently revealed that Disney forced him to cut one of his favourite jokes from the movie.

Speaking to Entertainment Weekly, he said: 'This is a sore spot for me because there's a joke in the movie that is not in the movie now because, I'm probably not even allowed to say this, FOX made me take it out.'

The Graham Norton Show, BBC One, Friday 11th May 10.35pm