Colton Haynes Speaks Out Against ‘F–ked Up’ Homophobia in Hollywood Colton Haynes spoke out about Hollywood’s treatment of LGBT actors in a series of tweets on Tuesday, August 29.

“Hollywood is so f–ked up. So much of the focus is on your personal life & has nothing to do with the talent you have to bring to the table,” he tweeted.

Related: Celebrity LGBT Allies In honor of Gay Pride Month, see which stars support marriage equality

Haynes, 29, went to to praise American Horror Story creator Ryan Murphy, Arrow executive producer Greg Berlanti and Teen Wolf creator Jeff Davis for giving him opportunities. “Thank god for Ryan Murphy, Greg Berlanti, & Jeff Davis. They believe gay actors are more than just their personal lives,” he tweeted. “So disappointed in how Hollywood cant understand that playing a character has nothing to do with how u live your personal life.”

Related: Celebs Fight Back on Twitter! Stars like Gabourey Sidibe, Sarah Jessica Parker, Miley Cyrus, and Ariana Grande fight back against the haters on social media — see their classic retorts

The actor came out as gay in May 2016, and announced his relationship with celebrity floral designer Jeff Leatham in February 2017. The couple got engaged in March in Los Cabos, Mexico.

Haynes has previously said people in the entertainment industry advised him to hide his sexuality. “I’ve been told by so many people that you cannot be out and have a career,” he told The Huffington Post in June. “Literally, people would set me up with girls for press. … There was this whole story that ran with Lauren Conrad, who I love — she’s the best. Basically my old manager at the time was like, ‘Oh, take a picture with her.’ He just basically ran this story trying to say that I was dating Lauren Conrad. It was there for about six months. I was like, ‘Oh great, I have to do this.’ That’s how it is in Hollywood. But not anymore. You have all these amazing showrunners who actually embrace people’s personal lives and embrace people’s truth.”

Related: Stars — They’re Just Like Us! They may live in the spotlight, but these stars have no problem doing every day tasks

The Teen Wolf star told Us Weekly last month that he’s so happy with Leatham and that their wedding is happening sometime this year. “Engaged life is amazing,” he told Us. “It’s the best thing in the world. I’m just super happy to have someone so supportive and just loves me unconditionally.”

For the latest celebrity entertainment, news and lifestyle videos, subscribe to Us Weekly’s YouTube Page.