Mandy Moore Mentioned "The Worst" Time As Ryan Adams Split News Broke Missing him like candy? Mandy Moore took to Instagram to share an emotional post on Friday, Jan. 23 — the same day that news broke that she and husband Ryan Adams are calling it quits.

The singer and actress, 30, posted an image of two orange traffic signs against a cloudy blue sky. The top sign, in the shape of a diamond, reads, "Mercury Retrograde." It sits atop a rectangular sign reading, "PROCEED WITH CAUTION."

Related: PHOTOS: Celebrity Splits of 2014 Lovebirds no more! From Robin Thicke and Paula Patton to Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Margin, look back at the most shocking celebrity splits that took place this year Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and […]

Referencing the planetary movement that is believed to inspire bad luck and unexpected events, Moore captioned the image, "Message received. #thatexplainsit #theworst."

The "Candy" singer may have been looking for an explanation for the end of her relationship. Moore and her now estranged husband Adams, 40, confirmed their split on Friday, releasing a statement to Us reading, "Mandy Moore and Ryan Adams have mutually decided to end their marriage of almost 6 years. It is a respectful, amicable parting of ways and both Mandy and Ryan are asking for media to respect their privacy at this time."

Message received. #thatexplainsit #theworst A photo posted by Mandy Moore (@mandymooremm) on Jan 23, 2015 at 9:52am PST

Related: PHOTOS: Mandy Moore and Ryan Adams Those celebrities sure get creative! Check out Hollywood's ultimate Halloween costumes over the years, including memorable ensembles worn by stars like Heidi Klum, Kim Kardashian, Matt Lauer, and more

The Red Band Society actress wed the indie rocker in March 2009 after Adams proposed just one month prior. The two stars began dating in late 2007.

Years before she met Adams, a young Moore reflected on her own lack of experience with heartbreak in an interview with PBS in 2003. Speaking in promotion of her movie How to Deal, Moore was in the midst of a relationship with tennis player Andy Roddick. She had already split from her early 2000s boyfriend Wilmer Valderrama, and would go on to date Zach Braff before coupling up with Adams.

Related: PHOTOS: Hollywood’s Broken Engagements Engaged for more than a year, the pop star and the former CAA agent parted ways in January 2012. “I’ll always adore him and we will remain great friends,” Spears told Us in a statement. “As this chapter ends for us a new one begins,” Trawick added. “I love and cherish her and her boys […]

"I haven't had too much trauma with love," she told PBS. "I'm sure it's coming sometime because you can't escape it. I feel like I've come off unscathed so far."