This is the stunning £335 gift Meghan Markle gave to her closest friends as a Royal Wedding keepsake MEGHAN Markle may not have had an official maid of honour or adult bridesmaids, but she certainly made sure her nearest and dearest felt valued on her wedding day.

The new Duchess of Sussex commissioned six stunning gold bracelets from California-based fine jewelry brand Zofia Day, People reports.

The delicate pieces, which cost £335 ($450) each and are appropriately called The Kensington, feature a fine chain and a solid gold disc.

Meghan presented the bracelet to her stylist and best pal Jessica Mulroney, who helped guide the page boys and bridesmaids, including her four-year-old daughter Ivy, into the chapel alongside the Duchess of Cambridge.

Her sister-in-law also received the golden gift, as did entrepreneur and entertainment lawyer Benita Litt, whose daughters Rylan and Remi Meghan is godmother to.

The former Suits actress also commissioned matching necklaces for Benita’s daughters, who were her bridesmaids on the big day, as well as Jessica’s daughter Ivy.

Lisette Polny, founder of Zofia Day, which uses ethically sourced materials for its pieces, said: “It’s an overwhelming honour to be part of history and for my pieces to be given as a keepsake for this momentous occasion.

“It’s a really simple, elegant piece that’s just very true to her personal style.”

Meghan has long been a fan of the brand, wearing a pair of earrings on the cover of Vanity Fair last September and donning a £415 arrow shaped stud on her right ear on a royal engagement with Harry in Cardiff.

In January she wore the brand’s £532 bar stack ring.

How the Royal Wedding has unfolded so far…

While it was a bespoke design created especially for the Duchess, a version of it will go on sale soon.

Meghan Markle’s Royal Wedding dress probably cost much less than Kate Middleton’s – here’s the reason why.

It hasn’t been announced where the couple will fly to for a romantic break after their wedding, but the plans will have to wait after the newly-weds delayed their travels for a series of royal engagements.