Kailyn Lowry's ex-girlfriend Dominique Potter says Teen Mom 2 star was constantly deceptive The ex-girlfriend of Teen Mom 2's Kailyn Lowry says the reality star repeatedly lied both to her, and the public, about the nature of their relationship.

Dominique Potter, a 22-year-old teacher, paints a picture of repeated deception over her three-month relationship with the MTV star.

'Nothing adds up with her,' Potter told Radar Thursday.

Scroll below for video

'Nothing adds up with her': Dominique Potter, 22, the ex-girlfriend of Teen Mom 2's Kailyn Lowry, 26, says the reality star repeatedly lied both to her, and the public, about the nature of their relationship

Potter said that she and Lowry, 26, 'met two years ago at a private event in Jersey,' and officially became a couple that November while on a trip to Atlanta, Georgia.

'November 14 was the actual day. She wanted the title,' Potter said of the Nazareth, Pennsylvania native, who has three sons: Isaac Elliot, eight, with ex-boyfriend Jo Rivera; four-year-old Lincoln Marshall, with her ex-husband Javi Marroquin; and nine-month-old son Lux Russell, with ex Chris Lopez.

Potter said Lowry seemed to have a drastic change of heart about 'a month into the relationship' - and became more secretive.

'Over Christmas break, I spent almost three weeks to a month at her house,' Potter said. 'She used to share her location with me. I got an alert on my phone that said Kail stopped sharing her location.

Better times: Potter, a teacher by trade, posed in a bookstore browsing at a copy of one of Lowry's books

Short-lived: Potter's relationship with the Teen Mom personality spanned from November to February, and was fraught with problems throughout

'She said, "I turned my location off for everything." Then she was like, "I don’t trust you, I was mad at you, that’s why I stopped sharing with you." Something wasn’t right.'

Potter said that 'articles started coming out in January that we broke up and [she] questioned her about it and she said, "Just leave it alone."

'I went with that. Whatever she said, I believed it.'

Covering her tracks? Lowry, seen here in Miami, set off alarms with Potter when she turned off her location tracking on her phone

By February, the pair had already split due to 'trust issues' and quickly reunited - but this time, Potter said Lowry was reluctant to tell the public in what she believed was a bid for attention.

'If people think you’re single, they’re going to flirt with you,' Potter said. 'She didn’t want to lose that constant attention from other people.'

She added, 'If she’s doing something else, that’s why she doesn’t want people knowing she’s in a relationship. She’s telling the world she’s single, of course no one is going to respect our relationship if no one knows it exists. She was keeping her cards open.'

Potter said that Lowry 'did cheat on' her with Marroquin while they were still in a relationship in January.

'She said they hooked up,' Potter said. 'She said they even discussed hooking up.'