'Suits' creator gushes about what it was like to attend Meghan and Harry's wedding Rachel Thompson is the Features Editor at Mashable. Rachel's second non-fiction book The Love Fix: Reclaiming Intimacy in a Disconnected World is out now , published by Penguin Random House in Jan. 2025. The Love Fix explores why dating feels so hard right now, why we experience difficult emotions in the realm of love, and how we can change our dating culture for the better.

It was hard not to gush about the royal wedding, which enthralled millions of people around the world on Saturday.

But, gush is precisely what one person in attendance has done following the big day.

Suits creator Aaron Korsh tweeted about his experience of attending what he described as a "seemingly world-changing event."

SEE ALSO: We defy you not to sob uncontrollably at these photos of Harry and Meghan getting married

"I can tell you the wedding was the most extraordinary thing I've ever seen" wrote Korsh. "From the second we left our castle-esque hotel to the drive up to and through Windsor, to the walk to the Chapel, and then afterwards to the reception it was one once in a lifetime experience after another."

Mashable Top Stories Stay connected with the hottest stories of the day and the latest entertainment news. Sign up for Mashable's Top Stories newsletter Loading... Sign Me Up Use this instead By clicking Sign Me Up, you confirm you are 16+ and agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Thanks for signing up!

He also described his interpretation of the bride and groom's expressions as they walked down the aisle. "Harry looking earnest and somehow vulnerable, Meghan looking strong and proud and regal and beautiful," wrote Korsh.

He joked that Elton John and George Clooney didn't approach him because they were "too shy" and it definitely had nothing to do with the fact they might not know who he is.

"I can only sum it up by saying it felt like the world was becoming a better place today. But one thing is for sure, my world will forever be richer for having those memories stored away in my consciousness," he added.

Awww.

Featured Video For You Prince Harry and 'Suits' actress Meghan Markle are officially engaged