Barack and Michelle Obama bust out dance moves at Beyoncé and Jay-Z's concert July 29, 2018 Updated July 30, 2018, 8:39 p.m. ET

Beyoncé and Jay-Z’s On the Run II tour was in for a presidential treat over the weekend.

Barack and Michelle Obama attended the couple’s show Saturday night at FedExField in Landover, Md,, and fans couldn’t handle the way they commanded their dance moves.

Concertgoers captured the former president and first lady dancing to Jay-Z’s 2011 hit “N----- in Paris.”

And, let's just say, fans of the First Family of Hip-Hop ended up getting a second show from the former First Couple of the United States of America.

** Warning: Videos include explicit language. **

'Living their best lives ...'

Fans took to social media to share their excitement at seeing two legendary couples in one night.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

"Wow President Obama is really out here living his best life at Beyoncé and Jay Z’s #OTRII tour," one attendee tweeted.

"Tonight I saw Beyonce with President Obama sitting right behind me. I can die happy," another concertgoer tweeted.

"Well well! This DC On the Run concert with Jay-Z and Beyoncé is very Presidential. Former President Obama and the Former First Lady Mrs. Obama are here for this amazing show. Mrs Obama was just in Paris for the show. Amazing show," White House correspondent April Ryan tweeted.

"I was in the presence of Beyonce AND the Obamas. It's over," one fan tweeted.

"Can you believe that I was in the same place as President Obama, Michelle Obama, Beyoncé and Jay Z, all at the same time? Neither can I. Best birthday present ever," another concertgoer tweeted.

The Obamas and the Carters have formed a friendship over the years. Beyoncé performed at Obama's inaugurations in 2009 and 2013 and Michelle Obama's 50th birthday party in 2014.

Two weeks ago, Michelle Obama took daugher Sasha to an On The Run II show in Paris. The former first lady danced alongside Beyoncé's mother, Tina Knowles-Lawson.