Marvel Studios: When Does Each Actor's Contract Expire? Confirmed upcoming films: Nonw

Gamora sorta survived Endgame, so we’ll have to see how that impacts the Guardians and their dynamic going forward. We wrote about Endgame and the Gamora problem here.

DAVE BAUTISTA

Drax

Films appeared in so far: Guardians of the Galaxy, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, Avengers: Infinity War, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: Heh, about that…

Dave Bautista is technically still contracted to appear in Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3. He was the most vocal in his support of James Gunn when he was fired. Now that Gunn is back in the Marvel fold, we expect Bautista to return as Drax.

SEAN GUNN

Body of Rocket / Kraglin

Films appeared in so far: Guardians of the Galaxy, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, Avengers: Infinity War (as Rocket), Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: None

One of the Guardians franchise’s unsung heroes is Sean Gunn, who portrays the physical form of Rocket Racoon via motion capture and improvises a fair few lines. He also plays the Ravager-turned-Guardian Kraglin, noted for yelling “Captain’s gotta teach stuff!” in the first film.

The length of his Marvel contract is unclear, but returned for Endgame. We wouldn’t be surprised if he is done with Disney after that, which is a shame given his mo-cap, and non-mo-cap, performances added a lot of character to this sometimes sterile universe.

further reading: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 – Stan Lee Cameo Explained

BRADLEY COOPER

Voice of Rocket

Films appeared in so far: Guardians of the Galaxy, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, Avengers: Infinity War, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Finding the right voice for Rocket was a difficult one, with various comedians, voice actors, and film stars all coming in to read test lines. In the end, Marvel went with Bradley Cooper, and we expect they got him on a long contract.

VIN DIESEL

Voice of Groot

Films appeared in so far: Guardians of the Galaxy, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, Avengers: Infinity War, Ralph Breaks the Internet (cameo), Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: None… see above

further reading: Complete Marvel Movie Release Schedule

POM KLEMENTIEFF

Mantis

Films appeared in so far: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, Avengers: Infinity War, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: See above.

further reading – Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2: Complete Reference Guide

KAREN GILLAN

Nebula

Films appeared in so far: Guardians of the Galaxy, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, Avengers: Infinity War, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: None

“I have so many plans for Nebula… I love Nebula,” director James Gunn told Yahoo. “To me, she’s the Boba Fett of the movie… She’s the one that you really dig because she’s the cool one that we need to get more of. I hope to God that we get a chance to see a lot more of Nebula.”

SYLVESTER STALLONE AND THE REST

Starhawk And The ‘Original’ Guardians of the Galaxy

Films appeared in so far: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Sly Stallone debuted as Stakar Ogord–aka Starhawk–in Vol. 2 with a brief performance that culminated in a post-credits scene. Therein, Starhawk and his shiny friend Martinex (Michael Rosenbaum) met up with Aleta Ogord (Michelle Yeoh), Charlie-27 (Ving Rhames), Krugarr and Mainframe (the latter of whom is voiced by Miley Cyrus).

In the comics, this gang were the original Guardians team that existed before Star-Lord’s team. In the film universe, they are Ravager faction leaders that used to be firm friends. They have plans to steal some shit, but it remains to be seen which film that will happen in.

“My plan is to see more of him,” director James Gunn told the Toronto Sun, talking about Sly’s character, but he wouldn’t be drawn on how/when this will shake out.

“I’m not sure about him appearing in Vol. 3,” Gunn said, “We’ll have to see about that, but it’s our plan to see more of Stallone. Kevin [Feige, MCU overlord] and I are working on what is going to become of the Marvel Cosmic Universe and where it’s going to go. We plan to see the rest of them in the future.”

The “rest of them” he mentioned, presumably, are the Ravager chums that Starhawk met up with at the end. Color us intrigued.

further reading: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 Post-Credits Scene Explained

Villains

JOSH BROLIN

Thanos

Films appeared in so far: The Avengers (cameo), Guardians of the Galaxy, Avengers: Age of Ultron (cameo), Avengers: Infinity War, Avengers: Endgame

Upcoming Films: None

While there isn’t a specific number out there, it’s assumed that Marvel has Josh Brolin on one of Marvel’s heftiest contracts. He’s dominate Phase 3, for sure. After the events of Endgame, it’s unlikely we’ll be seeing the Mad Titan in Phase Four.

further reading: Avengers: Endgame – How Thanos Could Be Defeated

TOM HIDDLESTON

Loki

Films appeared in so far: Thor, The Avengers, Thor: The Dark World, Thor: Ragnarok, Avengers: Infinity War, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: None, but on Disney+…

He’s believed to be on a six-film deal, so we’d expect one more appearance. But either way, death proves to be a prety loose term considering he has his own TV show set-up on Disney’s new streaming service.

SEBASTIAN STAN

James ‘Bucky’ Barnes / The Winter Soldier

Films appeared in so far: Captain America: The First Avenger, Captain America: The Winter Soldier, Captain America: Civil War, Black Panther (cameo), Avengers: Infinity War, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: Well…

He’s on a nine-film contract! That leaves three more movies on his contract, and he’ll be at the center of the upcoming Falcon and The Winter Solider Disney+ series (read more on that here).

We also wrote about why sidelining Bucky and Cap’s relationship in Endgame matters.

ELIZABETH DEBICKI

Ayesha

Films appeared in so far: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Elizabeth Debicki’s golden villainess (although, arguably, she did have an understandable motive for hating the Guardians) will obviously return at some point. Once her creation Adam [Warlock, one assumes] is cast, we’ll add him to this list.

Where Marvel plans to slot them in remains a mystery.

KURT RUSSELL

Ego

Films appeared in so far: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2

Confirmed upcoming films: None

He’s immortal and a Marvel character, so there’s every chance that Ego’s death from Guardians 2 could be undone at some point. But as far as we know, there are no further Marvel films on Russell’s slate right now.

MICHAEL KEATON

Adrian Toomes / The Vulture

Films appeared in so far: Spider-Man: Homecoming

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Micheal Keaton played Adrian Toomes, aka the Vulture, in Spider-Man: Homecoming. This could well be a recurring role, especially if Sony decides to resurrect its Sinister Six flick at some point. Given his positive reception and the post-credits stinger to Homecoming, we find it highly unlikely we’ve seen the last of Toomes in this universe.

further reading – Spider-Man: Homecoming Post-Credits Scenes Explained

WILLIAM HURT

General Thaddeus ‘Thunderbolt’ Ross

Films appeared in so far: The Incredible Hulk, Captain America: Civil War, Avengers: Infinity War, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: None

One of the big surprises of Civil War‘s cast was the return of William Hurt to the MCU. Since he played an important role in that film, he could well return again. The actual length of his contract is a mystery though.

further reading – Captain America: Civil War Reference Guide

ANDY SERKIS

Ulysses Klaue

Films appeared in so far: Avengers: Age of Ultron, Black Panther

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Andy Serkis’ cuttlefish-hating baddie returned for a nasty supporting role in Black Panther. One that also appeared very final after Killmonger put two in his chest. It is Marvel, so anything is possible, but him getting bagged and tagged seemed like the end of the road for this former hobbit’s journey.

further reading: Andy Serkis Black Panther Interview

MICHAEL B. JORDAN

Erik Killmonger

Films appeared in so far: Black Panther

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Marvel made waves when they announced that Creed star Michael B. Jordan would be joining the MCU to face off against Chadwick Boseman in Black Panther. The film saw Jordan will be reunite with his Creed and Fruitvale Station director Ryan Coogler. And honestly, we think he turned out to be the best villains Marvel ever produced. But some of that power comes in his final line about welcoming death over bondage. While, again, Marvel can undo most deaths, that one seemed too powerful to revisit. It seems pretty one and done to us.

DANIEL BRUHL

Helmut Zemo

Films appeared in so far: Captain America: Civil War

Confirmed upcoming films: None

He’s still alive at the end of Civil War, so don’t rule out a comeback for Zemo at some point. However, Bruhl hasn’t let slip the details of his Marvel contract at this stage.

further reading: Captain America Civil War – Who is Zemo?

CHIWETEL EJIOFOR

Baron Mordo

Films appeared in so far: Doctor Strange

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Chiwetel Ejiofor played one of Stephen Strange’s tutors in the mystical arts in the Doctor Strange movie, building up to a huge heel turn right at the end of the movie. That post-credits scene needs to be resolved at some point.

As it stands, though, Marvel has yet to find space for Doctor Strange 2 in its slate. If/when it’s finally announced, we’ll be sure to update this article.

further reading: Doctor Strange Ending Explained by Scott Derrickson

MADS MIKKELSEN

Kaecilius

Films appeared in so far: Doctor Strange

Confirmed upcoming films: None

The Hannibal star made the best of a not-particularly-great villain role in Doctor Strange, but if he has any Marvel plans beyond that, they’re being kept under wraps. We wouldn’t be surprised if he was a one-and-done baddie, to be honest.

further reading: Doctor Strange – Complete Reference and Marvel Easter Egg Guide

CATE BLANCHETT

Hela

Films appeared in so far: Thor: Ragnarok

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Blanchett played the Goddess of Death in Thor 3. We’ll keep you posted on that front, because she was a hammy good time in Thor, and her fate seemed ambigiuous as Asgard went boom, to say the least.

further reading: Thor: Ragnarok Ending Explained

FRANK GRILLO

Brock Rumlow / Crossbones

Films appeared in so far: Captain America: The Winter Soldier, Captain America: Civil War, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: None

After Winter Soldier came out, Grillo told Collider this: “I have a multi-contract deal with Marvel. The movie was an origin film for that character. If you know the comic, he has a significant presence. So, knock wood. With Marvel, you can’t say very much, but I’m cautiously optimistic that we’ll have some fun in the next few Marvel movies.”

Could he somehow bounce back despite the very explode-y events of Civil War and his Endgame cameo? Time will tell, but it seems unlikely.

further reading: Frank Grillo and James DeMonaco Interview

MICHAEL CHERNUS

Phineas Mason / Tinkerer

Films appeared in so far: Spider-Man: Homecoming

Confirmed upcoming films: None

A recognizable, if fairly minor, Spider-Man villain, Michael Chernus’ (Orange is the New Black) Tinkerer will likely be on hand to help more baddies in the future.

BOKEEM WOODBINE

Herman Schultz / Shocker

Films appeared in so far: Spider-Man: Homecoming

Confirmed upcoming films: None

He barely became the Shocker in Spider-Man: Homecoming. Marvel has to have bigger plans for this guy, right?

further reading: Who is the Shocker?

HUGO WEAVING/Ross Marquand

Johann Shmidt / Red Skull

Films appeared in so far: Captain America: The First Avenger, Avengers: Infinity War, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Hugo Weaving told Collider: “I [signed a multi-picture deal] for Captain America. I think the tendency, with those films, would be to probably not bring a villain back. […] And it’s not something I would want to do again. I’m glad I did it. I did sign up for a number of pictures and I suppose, contractually, I would be obliged to, if they forced me to, but they wouldn’t want to force someone to do it, if they didn’t want to. I think I’ve done my dash with that sort of film.”

We probably won’t see him again.

S.H.I.E.L.D. Personnel (and retirees)

SAMUEL L. JACKSON

Nick Fury

Films appeared in so far: Iron Man (cameo), Iron Man 2, Thor (cameo), Captain America: The First Avenger (cameo), The Avengers, Captain America: The Winter Soldier, Avengers: Age of Ultron (cameo), Avengers: Infinity War (cameo), Captain Marvel, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Samuel L. Jackson just stole scenes in Captain Marvel. There’s no way Fury is ready to retire yet.

further reading: Captain Marvel Behind-the-Scenes Photos and Video Reveal Nick Fury

CLARK GREGG

Phil Coulson

Films appeared in so far: Iron Man, Iron Man 2, “The Consultant” (short), “A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to Thor’s Hammer” (short), Thor, The Avengers, Captain Marvel

Confirmed upcoming films: None

As you already know, Coulson has been reprised by Clark Gregg in Agents Of SHIELD. He played a younger version of Coulson in the ’90s-set Captain Marvel. But in the current movies timeline, he low-key appears to be as dead as Jacob Marley.

COBIE SMULDERS

Maria Hill

Films appeared in so far: The Avengers, Captain America: The Winter Soldier, Avengers: Age of Ultron, Avengers: Infinity War (cameo), Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: None

At the time of The Avengers, Smulders said she was signed on for “plus this one, seven more I think.” By our counting, she should have one film left by now. Two if her Infinity War cameo doesn’t count.

Her next Marvel appearance is currenly unknown.

HAYLEY ATWELL

Peggy Carter

Films appeared in so far: Captain America: The First Avenger, “Agent Carter” (short), Captain America: The Winter Soldier, Avengers: Age of Ultron, Ant-Man (cameo), Avengers: Endgame (cameo)

Confirmed upcoming films: None

With Peggy Carter dead in the modern timeline, it’s not seeming likely that Hayley Atwell will return in any more big screen Marvel films. There could feasibly be more flashbacks, but there are no plans at present of which we know.

further reading: Agent Carter Producers Still Want to Bring Show Back

DOMINIC COOPER

Younger Howard Stark

Films appeared in so far: Captain America: The First Avenger, “Agent Carter” (short)

Confirmed upcoming films: None

We’d wager that Marvel may have had Dominic Cooper on a one-film deal, seeing as they don’t seem to have plans to return to the WWII era on the big screen. His appearances on the Agent Carter TV series prove that he’s game for more if Marvel is, however.

further reading – Captain America: The First Avenger Reference Guide

JOHN SLATTERY

Older Howard Stark

Films appeared in so far: Iron Man 2, Ant-Man (cameo), Captain America: Civil War, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: None

How’s that for a gap between appearances? Marvel may not have John Slattery on a massive contract, but he could pop up again if Marvel delves into more flashbacks.

further reading – Captain America: Civil War Review

MICHAEL DOUGLAS

Hank Pym

Films appeared in so far: Ant-Man, Ant-Man and the Wasp, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: None

A de-aged Michael Douglas appears in Endgame. We doubt that this is the end for Dr. Pym.

further reading: Ant-Man Review

MICHELLE PFEIFFER

Janet Van Dyne

Films appeared in so far: Ant-Man and the Wasp, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Michelle Pfeiffer is superhero movie royalty after appearing in Batman Returns and was more or less treated like it in her brief but memorable scenes from Ant-Man and the Wasp. In the superhero romp, she is Hank’s long lost wife and Hope’s long lost mother, who is rescued from the Quantum Realm where she’s survived for 30 years. While it is left vague how she survived, the experience has left her clearly changed, complete with subatomic powers that allow her to heal the antagonistic Ghost of an agony that is killing her.

further reading: Ant-Man and the Wasp Review

Clearly Marvel has plans for Janet down the road, as does Ms. Pfeiffer. So that makes her supposed death at the end of Ant-Man and the Wasp seem like a mere technicality until we get more answers in another sequel.

HANNAH JOHN-KAMEN

Ghost

Films appeared in so far: Ant-Man and the Wasp

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Technically a villain, but not really, Hannah John-Kaman’s antagonist in Ant-Man and the Wasp was the first antagonist who was almost entirely justified in everything she did… nor did she ever actually do anything too irredeemable. It is why we cannot place her in the villain column, and we imagine neither will Marvel in the longrun. As a woman cursed with phasing powers because of her father’s failed experiments (and maybe Hank Pym’s arrogance?), she is spared a horrible death by Janet and parts way with the heroes as… well not enemies, at least.

further reading: Ant-Man and the Wasp Director Talks Post-Credits Scene

It would seem likely Marvel will not leave an anti-heroine around with a cool costume and powers.

EMILY VAN CAMP

Sharon Carter / Agent 13

Films appeared in so far: Captain America: The Winter Soldier, Captain America: Civil War

Confirmed upcoming films: None

“They’re just sort of planting the seed for this character,” Van Camp told MTV. “I think Marvel likes to sprinkle little bits of things for fans, and anyone who is a Captain America fan will know that Agent 13 is Sharon Carter.”

further reading: Captain America: The Winter Soldier Review

While she hasn’t told the world how long her contract is, we’d expect her to be back multiple times.

AARON HIMELSTEIN

Cameron Klein

Films appeared in so far: Captain America: The Winter Soldier, Avengers: Age of Ultron

Confirmed upcoming films: None

The unsung hero of two Marvel films–he refused to launch the ships for Brock Rumlow in The Winter Soldier and got those Helicarrier’s “full of people” in Age of Ultron. Unsurprisingly, there’s no word out there on whether Marvel has signed Aaron Himelstein up for more appearances yet.

At the very least, Marvel could recruit him for TV. Or could he be a second-generation Coulson-alike, recruiting new heroes for the greater good in Phase 3? Okay, our S.H.I.E.L.D. speculation may have gone too far.

Supporting Stars

ANTHONY HOPKINS

Odin

Films appeared in so far: Thor, Thor: The Dark World, Thor: Ragnarok

Confirmed upcoming films: None

That scene in Ragnarok seemed pretty final, didn’t it? Not unless he’s just “sleeping” again. It’s not like Odin has proven himself to be very forthright or trustworthy when it comes to sweating the details of things.

further reading: Thor: Ragnarok Review

SETH GREEN

Howard The Duck

Films appeared in so far: Guardians of the Galaxy (cameo), Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 (cameo)

Confirmed upcoming films: None

It’s unclear if Seth Green is on any sort of official contract, but MCU overlord Kevin Feige was quoted as saing this this recently: “You know, the fun thing about Howard is he shows up where you least expect him, so like who knows where he’s going to appear next?”

We’d expect those cameos to keep coming, then. He’s like the waterfowl version of Stan Lee.

further reading: Howard the Duck Deserves Another Chance?

GWYNETH PALTROW

Pepper Potts

Films appeared in so far: Iron Man, Iron Man 2, The Avengers, Iron Man 3, Spider-Man: Homecoming (cameo), Avengers: Infinity War, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: None

While her contract concluded with Iron Man 3, she and Marvel have clearly come to some amicable arrangements. After seemingly (and lamely) being written out off-screen in Captain America: Civil War, she appeared for a fan-pleasing cameo in Spider-Man: Homecoming and again in Infinity War and Endgame. It’s possible she could still be a friendly face in the MCU, but after Tony’s fate was sealed, it likely signaled the end of Paltrow’s Marvel run.

NATALIE PORTMAN

Jane Foster

Films appeared in so far: Thor, Thor: The Dark World, Avengers: Endgame (cameo)

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Natalie Portman didn’t return for Thor: Ragnarok. In fact, Portman told The Wall Street Journal that she’s “done” with Marvel altogether, as far as she knows. Frankly, we were shocked when she made a cameo in Avengers: Endgame. Future involvement in the MCU seems highly unlikely for Portman.

JON FAVREAU

Happy Hogan

Films appeared in so far: Iron Man, Iron Man 2, Iron Man 3, Spider-Man: Homecoming, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: None

It came as a bit of a surprise to us–what with Jon Favreau’s manifold other projects as an actor/director, including The Lion King remake–but Happy Hogan returned alongside Tony Stark in Spider-Man: Homecoming and was there to comfort the Stark family after Tony’s death in Endgame.

ZENDAYA

Michelle

Films appeared in so far: Spider-Man: Homecoming

Confirmed upcoming films: Spider-Man: Far From Home

As the love interest to Tom Holland’s Peter Parker, Zendaya’s Michelle debuted in the 2017 solo Spidey flick. She is set to return for the 2019 sequel.

further reading: Far From Home Cast Teases Clues

DONALD GLOVER

Aaron Davis

Films appeared in so far: Spider-Man: Homecoming

Confirmed upcoming films: None

As the uncle of the kid who will become the second Spider-Man, we doubt we’ve seen the last of this lovable (and ever growing in popularity) actor, writer, musician, and all around pop culture renaissance man.

further readding: Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse Review

JUDY GREER / ABBY RYDER FORTSON

Maggie / Cassie Lang

Films appeared in so far: Ant-Man, Ant-Man and the Wasp

Confirmed upcoming films: None

MARISA TOMEI

May Parker

Films appeared in so far: Captain America: Civil War and Spider-Man: Homecoming, Avengers: Endgame (cameo)

Confirmed upcoming films: Probably Spider-Man: Far From Home

You don’t think we’ll follow up on THAT ending? Hopefully her next scene will use music as well as her last.

WILLIAM SADLER

President Ellis

Films appeared in so far: Iron Man 3

Confirmed upcoming films: None

The MCU’s POTUS has popped up on Agents Of SHIELD since debuting in Iron Man 3. He was also seen in a photo during The Winter Soldier. It doesn’t sound like Marvel is finished with him yet then.

LUPITA NYONG’O

Nakia

Films appeared in so far: Black Panther

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Oscar winner Lupita Nyong’o joined the MCU as Nakia, a Wakandan secret agent and patriot. It was one of several standout roles for women in that movie, and was a refreshingly meaty part in a blockbuster for Nyong’o, who has too often been cast as CG characters or voices. However, her continued involvement likely depends on Black Panther’s in the MCU. But after the box office performance of Black Panther, it looks like a long continued role, indeed.

further reading: Black Panther: Complete Reference Guide

DANAI GURIRA

Okoye

Films appeared in so far: Black Panther, Avengers: Infinity War, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: Likely Black Panther 2

As a general and head of the Dora Milaje, the serect service of Wakanda, Gurira keeps her record playing characters you don’t want to mess with going.

further reading: Ryan Coogler Wanted Back for Black Panther 2

LETITA WRIGHT

Shuri

Films appeared in so far: Black Panther, Avengers: Infinity War, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Another breakout star of Black Panther is the young Letita Wright, who portrays the little sister of T’Challa and is by definition a princess of Wakanda. However, she is not defined by her royal lineage, but by being potentially the smartest genius in the MCU, and a woman who can give Tony Stark a run for his money. A tech whiz with Wakanda’s vibranium, she plays Q to T’Challa’s Bond, designing all of his weapons. If Marvel is smart (and they’re not dumb…), she’s on a long contract.

further reading: Is Shuri Alive in Avengers: Endgame?

MARTIN FREEMAN

Everett Ross

Films appeared in so far: Captain America: Civil War, Black Panther

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Ah, now here is the almost certain heir apparent to Agent Coulson. After having a bit part as a CIA wiseass in Civil War, Martin Freeman was rather cleverly cast in the “token” role in Black Panther, and made the most of it. The odd chemistry between him and T’Challa makes Ross an almost certain lock for appearing in the eventual Black Panther sequel (there is no way he was on only a two-film contract), but we wouldn’t be shocked if he starts popping up in all sorts of MCU movies after Phase Three ends, like the good ol’ days of Coulson.

STELLAN SKARSGARD

Erik Selvig

Films appeared in so far: Thor, The Avengers, Thor: The Dark World, Avengers: Age of Ultron

Confirmed upcoming films: None

The mighty Stellan Skarsgård told us exclusively that he’s on a five-film deal with Marvel, and that he only has one more film to go as the scientist Erik Selvig (unless he and Marvel manage to negotiate an extension).

IDRIS ELBA

Heimdall

Films appeared in so far: Thor, Thor: The Dark World, Avengers: Age of Ultron, Thor: Ragnarok, Avengers: Infinity War

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Well…you know how this one ends.

JEFF GOLDBLUM

Grandmaster

Films appeared in so far: Thor: Ragnarok

Confirmed upcoming films: None

The Grandmaster is chums with The Collector in the comics. In the movies, all we know is that he’s played by Jeff Goldblum, he looks amazing, and he orchestrates the bout betwixt the Hulk and Thor. No clue if Goldblum signed up for more.

further reading: Jeff Goldblum’s Summary of Thor: Ragnarok

TESSA THOMPSON

Valkyrie

Films appeared in so far: Thor: Ragnarok, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: none

This Creed star made a huge splash in Thor: Ragnarok, playing an ancient warrior woman who also had a touch of Han Solo scoundrel in her demeanor. Thor gives up the throne and puts Valkyrie in charge of New Asgard, which bodes well for more MCU appearences from Valkyrie.

further reading: Tessa Thompson on Rematch with Chris Hemsworth

GLENN CLOSE

Nova Prime

Films appeared in so far: Guardians of the Galaxy

Confirmed upcoming films: None

There wasn’t space for Nova Corps in Vol. 2 in the end, and it remains to be seen if/when Glenn Close and her cohorts will return to the MCU.

JOHN C. REILLY

Rhomann Dey

Films appeared in so far: Guardians of the Galaxy

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Since Nova’s involvement in the MCU going forward is unclear, we’ve no idea what the chances of John C. Reilly returning are.

BENICIO DEL TORO

The Collector

Films appeared in so far: Thor: The Dark World (cameo), Guardians of the Galaxy, Avengers: Infinity War

Confirmed upcoming films: none

Is…is he dead?

MICHAEL PENA / T.I. / DAVID DASTMALCHIAN

Criminal Trio

Films appeared in so far: Ant-Man, Ant-Man and the Wasp

Beyond Ant-Man and the Wasp…we have no idea.

TILDA SWINTON

The Ancient One

Films appeared in so far: Doctor Strange, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: None

Swinton’s first MCU appearance came in Doctor Strange and she had a surprise role in Endgame‘s time travel heist. Beyond that, a cameo in Doctor Strange 2 could be a possibility.

RACHEL MCADAMS

Christine Palmer

Films appeared in so far: Doctor Strange

Confirmed upcoming films: None

If Doctor Strange 2 does happen (which it surely will, eventually), we’d expect Rachel McAdams to return. She’s not disclosed her contract details publicly.

BENEDICT WONG

Wong

Films appeared in so far: Doctor Strange, Avengers: Infinity War, Avengers: Endgame

Confirmed upcoming films: None

He was there to fight in the epic final battle of Endgame, and we imagine he’d be back for Doctor Strange 2, too.

further reading: Avengers 4: The Best and Worst Theories