Carole Radziwill: My Actions Speak for Themselves Well, maybe I’m not into Bethenny this week, but I’m obviously into hard boiled eggs! Just make sure they don’t touch my two-egg scramble. I seem crazy, no? Clearly I’m not having a good week. Adam, of three years, announces he went on a date, and that takes me by surprise. But it’s not as surprising as the passive-aggressive digs my friend continues to make about me. I see you…

How to Watch Watch The Real Housewives of New York City on Bravo and Peacock.

Bethenny can invite whomever the hell she wants to Puerto Rico, but could it be that I didn’t express any interest in going because she didn’t express any interest in having me go? I didn’t know she and Dorinda were going until they were already there. While she talks smack about me on the show, I’m saying how proud I am of her. Wow…at this point, I'm just sitting back with popcorn like the rest of you, watching this TV character (who I thought was a good friend) continue to take cheap shots. It’s strange that she would say I have no interest in what is going on in Puerto Rico. I was writing checks. I’d asked her many times how things were going. A good friend of mine works with Michael Capponi, and I connected her and Bethenny.

On the other hand, I really don’t give a damn, because my actions speak for themselves. I won’t bore you here recounting the endless places I’ve been to or the stories I’ve brought back exposing neglect, destruction, and people’s sufferings. I did a story once on the landmine crisis, and the head of the campaign went on to win a Noble Peace prize. I’m not bragging — it wasn’t my prize — but I brought attention to a horrible atrocity, and a good thing happened as a result. It may not be private planes, cargo ships, and cash cards, but it’s something.

I am socially aware and politically active. Even when it is uncomfortable, as you saw last season, when I was part of a large “get out the vote” campaign for Hillary Clinton. I know, I know — I was wrong. Trump won. Sure, it didn’t end as I would have liked (understatement), but I remain committed to the idea that good government will bring about good change. I am also grateful to private citizens like Bethenny who step up to fill in the gaping holes. I just don’t understand why she’s fully committed this season to talking about me as though I’m a Miss America contestant who banged her prom date. Haahaahaaa.

Maybe we’ll find out next week. Pass the popcorn!