Kim Kardashian West Opens Up About Returning to Paris for the First Time Since Robbery Kim Kardashian West returned to Paris on Thursday, June 21, for the first time since her robbery at gunpoint in 2016. The trip was a significant milestone for the 37-year-old reality star, and she wrote on her website about what it was like to return for the same event—Paris Fashion Week—and how her life has changed since the experience.

"I went back to Paris to witness Kanye's BFF, Virgil Abloh, make history with his first collection and runway show for Louis Vuitton during Mens Fashion Week. It was such an emotional trip!" KKW wrote in a blog post on her site. "For me, it was the perfect time to come back to a place where I fell in love, but also a place where I suffered great trauma."

Kardashian West explained that she was only in France for 12 hours before returning to the United States for Teyana Taylor's listening party (Kanye West produced the singer's upcoming album). Kardashian West also said that having her husband with her and beefing up her security made her feel more safe. "Emotionally, I feel calm. I've truly put the experience behind me, and have learned and grown from it. Because of this, mentally coming back to Paris wasn't difficult for me," she wrote. "It feels refreshing to face my fears and overcome them. For me, there's no point in staying in a f---ed-up state of mind. 'Feel it, go through it and move on' has always been how I try to live my life. I would never suggest to anyone how to grieve, I can simply say what has worked for me."

Kim has spoken candidly about her experience in the past two years, including her use of crystals to help her heal emotionally. However, she has also documented how hard it still is for her to feel safe while traveling and has become an outspoken gun control advocate.

"I'm not against guns and I'm not against people owning guns. After what happened to me in Paris, I know how important it is to be safe and to have armed security," she explained. "All of my security is armed, but they also support stricter gun control laws and believe that we should restrict access to firearms for people with mental illness, anyone previously convicted of a misdemeanor, those who have been subject to a temporary restraining order and those at a higher risk of committing gun violence."

Related: French Police Arrested 17 People in Connection With Kim Kardashian West's Paris Robbery