Kesha releases music video for new girl power anthem Woman Kesha is continuing her comeback, and her latest song is all about girl power.

On Thursday, the pop star released a music video for another new track, Woman, exactly one week after dropping her first song in four years, Praying.

In the visual for the empowering anthem, the singer dons a sparkly gold outfit while belting 'I'm a motherf***ing woman.'

Scroll down for video...

She is woman, hear her roar... Kesha released a new, female-empowerment anthem called Woman on Thursday, and sported a glittery gold outfit for the music video

The 30-year-old's new number enlists instrumental accompaniment from the Dap-Kings Horns, and boasts a funkier feel than her previous electro-pop sound.

The performer doesn't hold back in the chorus, boldly swearing while belting about how she's proud to be a female.

'I'm a motherf--king woman, baby, alright/I don't need a man to be holding me too tight/I'm a motherf--king woman, baby, that's right/I'm just having fun with my ladies here tonight/I'm a motherf--ker,' she belts in the chorus.

Independent woman: In the song, the celeb sang about how she makes her own money, and doesn't need a man to buy her anything

Down and dirty: Kesha had fun rolling around on the floor for the new visual

Rocking out: The 30-year-old channeled her inner rock star when she sang after collapsing to the ground

In the horn-centric single, the blonde sings about being an independent woman, and how she doesn't need a guy to 'buy [her] love.'

'I buy my own things, I pay my own bills/These diamond rings, my automobiles/Everything I got, I bought it,' she sings.

'Don't buy me a drink, I make my money/Don't touch my weave, don't call me "honey"/'Cause I run my sh-t, baby,' she continues.

Gorgeous in gold: The style icon sported an entirely-gold ensemble including a matching jumpsuit, cape, and shoes

In the fun-filled video, which was co-directed by Kesha and her brother Lagan, the pop star donned a glittery gold outfit from head to toe, clad in a form-fitting gold jumpsuit, matching shoes, and a sparkly cape.

The wild child danced, sang, and rolled around on the floor of Delaware's Oddity Bar while a band played behind her and shiny streamers dangled from the ceiling.

She also opened up about the exciting accomplishment to Rolling Stone.

'It was one of those projects where I knew exactly what I wanted and it was just easier to do it ourselves than try to explain my vision to another director,' she told the publication.

She also penned a letter about the song's conception for the magazine's website, explaining why she was inspired to create Woman.

'I just really f--king love being a woman and I wanted an anthem for anyone else who wants to yell about being self-sufficient and strong. (Yes, men, this song can be for you too.)'

She also recalled the exact moment she came up with the expletive-ridden chorus.

'I was really feeling that conviction one particular day while I was stuck in traffic on my way to the studio and out of nowhere I felt the urge to scream, "I'm a motherf--king woman." By the time I got the the studio, I was chanting "I’m a motherf--king woman,"' she remembered.

New sound, same Kesha: The star threw back shots as she partied in the video

It's 5 o'clock somewhere... The clip was filmed at Delaware's Oddity Bar

Cool cameo: The visual also included Saundra Williams of the Dap-Kings Horns, who sang backing vocals on the new number

The musician also clarified that, while the sonic style of her upcoming album Rainbow is vastly different than her previous work, she's still the same crazy kid.

'I love the music I have made before, but it was funny to me that I would go play huge EDM festivals and then I’d go onto my tour bus and get out my record player and put on Iggy Pop, Rolling Stones, Beach Boys, T Rex, Dolly Parton, James Brown, Beatles, The Sweet; any of those records,' she explained.

'They all couldn't be more different sonically from what I was doing, even though the same wild spirit was there,' she continued.

She certainly showed off her wild child side, throwing back shots in the video with Saundra Williams of the Dap-Kings Horns, who also provided background vocals on the track.

Party time: Gold streamers hung from the ceiling as the artist performed in the clip

Country girl at heart: Kesha sported a deep red cowboy hat and a matching jacket in the video's intro

At one point in the song's second verse, Kesha breaks, and begins laughing through the line.

She admitted in the letter why the spontaneous giggles didn't get cut.

'I wanted this song to capture that organic, raw, soulful sound and keep the imperfect moments in the recordings because I find the magic in the imperfections,' she said.

Even though the song's theme is one of female empowerment, the artist actually co-wrote the anthem with two men, Drew Pearson and Stephen Wrabel.

But she doesn't believe penning the track with guys takes away from its meaningful message.

'It reinforces how supportive men can be of women AND feminism. That day was one of the best writing sessions of my life. It was pure raw joy,' she wrote in the letter.

The big day: The songwriter posted on Instagram on Wednesday to announce Woman was coming

Bare and beautiful: Kesha posted another photo from her Rainbow album art, where she sports only body glitter and face paint

On Wednesday, Kesha took to Instagram to excitedly announce her new song was on the way.

She posted a shot of herself flipping her long locks while sporting a pale pink embroidered jacket.

'WOMAN,' the caption simply read.

She also uploaded another image from her album art, standing completely naked aside from some body glitter and face paint, as the music video dropped on Thursday.

Coming back: Kesha released Woman exactly one week after dropping Praying, her first single in four years

Overcoming the dark moments: In the Praying visual, the blonde smashed televisions that displayed disturbing messages portraying in society

Keeping her head held high: Kesha rocks a rainbow dress while holding a giant flag as she walks along the beach

The new release comes exactly one week after Kesha made her valiant return to the music world.

On July 6, she dropped Praying, her first single in four years.

The inspiring anthem seems to be pretty obviously about the contentious legal battle the singer has had with her scandalized producer, Dr. Luke, as she sings about overcoming hardship and rising above it.

Rainbow is set to drop on August 11, 2017.