Ed Sheeran set to make 'a secret cameo as a Stormtrooper in upcoming Star Wars film' He previously played a soldier in Game Of Thrones.

And now Ed Sheeran, 27, could be set for one of his biggest acting roles to date as he is said to have landed a cameo in the upcoming Star Wars movie.

According to The Sun, the Thinking Out Loud star will play a stormtrooper in Episode IX which is currently filming in Pinewood Studios.

Actor: Ed Sheeran, 27, could be set for one of his biggest acting roles to date as he is said to have landed a cameo in the upcoming Star Wars movie

Ed's reported cameo in the flick is being kept a secret and as the storm trooper's are suited soldiers, fans won't get to catch a glimpse of the flame-haired singer when the film hits screens.

MailOnline has contacted a representative of Ed for comment.

Episode IX will be the third and final film in the Star Wars sequel trilogy which began with 2015's The Force Awakens and was followed by 2017's The Last Jedi.

Directed by JJ Abrams, it is also said to be the final film of the main Star Wars film franchise, which began in 1977 with the eponymous film.

The movie will star Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Domhnall Gleeson and Lupita Nyong'o.

In character: Ed will play a stormtrooper in Episode IX which is currently filming in Pinewood Studios

Kept quiet: Ed's cameo in the flick is being kept a secret and as the storm trooper's are suited soldiers, fans won't get to catch a glimpse of the singer when the film hits screens

Also appearing will be Mark Hamill, Kelly Marie Tran, Adam Driver and Billie Lourd, among others.

Ed would not be the first celebrity to make a cameo as a stormtrooper in the franchise.

In 2015, Simon Peg revealed that James Bond star Daniel Craig had appeared as one of the soldiers in The Force Awakens.

Prince William and Harry also filmed cameo's for The Last Jedi but franchise star John Boyega later told that their scenes did not make the final cut.

A-list: In 2015, Simon Peg revealed that James Bond star Daniel Craig had appeared as one of the soldiers in The Force Awakens

Episode IX began filming in August with director JJ revealing he has allowed more improvising from the actors on this project.

Filming is expected to be completed in February.

The movie's release date is slated for December 20 2019.

As well as his cameo on Game Of Thrones, Ed has also appeared as himself in the movie Bridget Jones' Baby and US NBC sitcom Undateable.