Pauley Perrette Implies She Left N.C.I.S. After “Multiple Physical Assaults” What, exactly, happened on the set of N.C.I.S. to make Pauley Perrette leave after so many years? The details remain unclear. But in a series of vague tweets, the actress made several startling claims—including, it seems, that she left the show following “multiple physical assaults.”

Perrette, who has played fan favorite Abby Sciuto on the CBS procedural since its premiere in 2003, had so far kept silent about her specific reasons for leaving the series this spring. In a statement last year announcing her departure, the actress wrote, “There have been all kinds of false stories as to why [she was leaving]. (NO I DON’T HAVE A SKIN CARE LINE AND NO MY NETWORK AND SHOW ARE NOT MAD AT ME!) It was a decision made last year.” Over the weekend, Perrette also referenced articles she claims are false, writing, “I refused to go low, that’s why I’ve never told publicly what happened. But there are tabloid articles out there that are telling total lies about me. If you believe them? Please leave me alone. You clearly don’t know me. (Sorry guys, had to be said).”

In the past, Perrette has identified herself on Twitter as a rape and domestic violence survivor. Last fall, after reports about Harvey Weinstein emerged, she shared her own story, writing that she was raped in high school by a football player: “My rape led me into a series of abusive relationships, terrible self worth and self blame, dismissing a few groping incidents, allowing myself to be bullied by a powerful man for way too long.”

A day after her initial tweet regarding N.C.I.S. over the weekend, Perrette elaborated with a few more: “Maybe I’m wrong for not ‘spilling the beans,’” she wrote. “Telling the story, THE TRUTH. I feel I have to protect my crew, jobs and so many people. But at what cost? I don’t know. Just know, I’m trying to do the right thing, but maybe silence isn’t the right thing about crime. I’m... Just... ?”

“There is a ‘machine’ keeping me silent, and feeding FALSE stories about me,” Perrette continued. “A very rich, very powerful publicity ‘machine’. No morals, no obligation to truth, and I’m just left here, reading the lies, trying to protect my crew. Trying to remain calm. He did it.”

It’s unclear who “he” is. Perrette concluded with one more tweet, and has not made any additional statements on the subject: “I’ve been supporting ant[i]-bullying programs forever. But now I KNOW because it was ME! If it’s school or work, that you’re required to go to? It’s horrifying. I left. Multiple Physical Assaults. I REALLY get it now. Stay safe. Nothing is worth your safety. Tell someone.”