Pawn Stars’ Richard 'Old Man' Harrison Dead at 77 Pawn Stars’ “Old Man” has passed away. Richard Harrison, the co-owner and founder of Rick Harrison’s Gold & Silver Pawn Shop, died on Monday, June 25, at 77, the Harrison family confirmed to Us Weekly.

Related: Celebrity Deaths of 2018 Hollywood lost some of its greats this year. Scroll down to see Us Weekly’s tribute to the celebrities who died in 2018. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails […]

“Richard Benjamin ‘The Old Man’ Harrison passed away this morning surrounded by those he loved. He will be tremendously missed by our family, the team at Gold & Silver Pawn and his many fans the world over. He was my hero and I was fortunate to get a very cool ‘Old Man’ as my dad,” Rick Harrison, 53, said in a statement to Us. “That I got to share him with so many others and they got to see what a great family man he was is something I am grateful to have experienced with him. He lived a very full life and through the History television show Pawn Stars touched the lives of people all over teaching them the value of loving your family, hard work and humor. We appreciate everyone’s thoughts and prayers and ask that we are provided some privacy at this time.”

Related: Shocking Celebrity Deaths Us Weekly looks back at the stars who died before their time, including Amy Winehouse, Prince and Whitney Houston — see the most shocking celeb deaths

The pawn shop also shared a statement on Facebook on Monday: “It is with heavy hearts that we acknowledge the passing of Richard Benjamin Harrison (known as ‘The Old Man’ to Pawn Stars fans the world over) this morning. He was surrounded by loving family this past weekend and went peacefully. The team at Gold & Silver Pawn and the Pawn Stars family is grieving his loss. He will be remembered as the best father, grandfather and great-grandfather you could have by his family and by fans as the sometimes grumpy (always loving, however), often wisecracking, and voice of absolute reason on the History television show Pawn Stars. Services are pending and the family appreciates your prayers and kind words.”

The Old Man and his son Rick opened the pawn shop together in 1989. Pawn Stars premiered in July 2009 on History Channel, showing the family business and the process they go through. Season 15 is currently on the air. Harrison earned his nickname “The Old Man” when he was 38, during season 2 of the show.

Related: Stars Who Got Their Start on Reality TV The road to success in Hollywood is a little different for every would-be actor, but these days, reality TV is becoming a major launching pad for some of the industry's biggest stars. Before they were red-carpet regulars, NeNe Leakes, Jennifer Hudson, Julianne Hough and Lucy Hale were among those who broke through as reality stars

“We are deeply saddened by the loss of our friend Richard ‘The Old Man’ Harrison, a beloved member of the HISTORY and Pawn Stars family,” History Channel told Us in a statement. “He will be greatly missed for his wisdom and candor. Our thoughts are with the Harrison family during this difficult time.”