Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel kiss at U.S. Open Justin Timberlake is clearly a tennis fan.

The 36-year-old pop star was quite animated indeed while taking in Day 6 of the U.S. Open at Arthur Ashe Stadium in Flushing, Queens.

His 35-year-old actress wife Jessica Biel was sitting next to Justin, at one point sharing a kiss with him, as Roger Federer and Feliciano Lopez played below.

Scroll down for video

A fine romance: Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel were photographed sharing a kiss at Arthur Ashe Stadium in Flushing, Queens on Saturday

At one point, Justin erupted in what appeared to be glee, his mouth wide open as he flung his arms upward and outward, having clenched his hands into fists.

Jessica appeared to be enjoying the match as well, smiling and resting her head against one of her hands as her husband reacted more extravagantly beside her.

Justin had left a short-sleeved button-down blue top open over a blue and black horizontally striped T-shirt, accessorizing with a grey pageboy cap.

Enthused: It was Day 6 of the US Open, and Roger Federer was playing Feliciano Lopez

History: The couple had held their wedding in Italy in 2012, kicking off what's a first marriage for both of them, and they've since welcomed a now two-year-old son called Silas

Triumphant: At one point, Justin erupted in what appeared to be glee, his mouth wide open as he flung his arms upward and outward, having clenched his hands into fists

He'd got a pair of black trousers and some black and white shoes on, and while spotted outside that day had flung a black hoodie over the entire affair.

Meanwhile, Jessica was dressed largely in black except for white shoes and - when she and Justin were seen out - a stylish beige coat that fell to her knees.

The couple had held their wedding in Italy in 2012, kicking off what's a first marriage for both of them, and they've since welcomed a now two-year-old son called Silas.

Enjoyment: Jessica appeared to be enjoying the match as well, smiling and resting her head against one of her hands as her husband reacted more extravagantly beside her

What happened?: Justin was quite animated indeed

Covering this year's August issue of Marie Claire, Jessica's rhapsodized about her marriage: 'We have similar values; we believe in loyalty, honesty. We like to have fun.'

She's gone on: 'We like a lot of the same things. Also, in the business, we're all very career-oriented, and you have to be a little selfish,' the actress has allowed.

'I understand that about my peers - about being focused and driven - and if you can find that and someone who shares the same values as you, it's like: Score!'

Looking good: Justin had left a short-sleeved button-down blue top open over a blue and black horizontally striped T-shirt, accessorizing with a grey pageboy cap

Trailing his wife: He'd got a pair of black trousers and some black and white shoes on, while Jessica wore a pair of sneakers from Native Shoes

Part of the effect becoming a parent's had on her, said she, was a shift in perspective: 'You think you're a selfless person, and then you realize you're not.'

Children 'come around, and they require so much, and your schedule is really not your own, nor is it important anymore, and it's very clear that it's your life now revolving around this dude. I'm not that person who feels like, but it does.'

Justin appeared in The Hollywood Reporter this February and dished about the difficulty of first-time parenthood, saying: 'At first, it broke me down.'

Said he: 'Those first eight months felt like those old [Ed Sullivan] shows where people are balancing spinning plates on poles - except if you drop one, they die.'

Checking out the food: Meanwhile, Jessica was dressed largely in black except for white shoes and - when she and Justin were seen out - a stylish beige coat that fell to her knees