Jennifer Lawrence is arm-in-arm with David O Russell in NYC Jennifer Lawrence has been single since her 2017 split from her Mother! director Darren Aronofsky.

But it looks as if the Oscar-winning actress has been getting close to another director lately - her longtime collaborator David O Russell, whom she has made the films Silver Linings Playbook, American Hustle and Joy with.

On Thursday the 27-year-old actress and the 59-year-old director were seen arm-in-arm as they left a three-hour dinner at Felice Ristorante & Wine Bar in New York City. They even traded off wearing a New York cap, proving how cozy they are.

Having fun in the Big Apple: Jennifer Lawrence looked very chummy with director David O Russell on Thursday evening in New York City

Laughter and smiles: The two got along like wildfire as he held a bag from Felice Ristorante & Wine Bar

They are a good team: The 59-year-old has directed the 27-year-old star in three films

He has a special lady at home: The lauded director has been in a long-term relationship with Holly Davis; seen here in 2014 in LA

Jennifer looked to be in great spirits as she held on to the acclaimed director while walking down a dark street.

At times she laughed and smiled with the dashing salt-and-pepper Russell, who is a graduate of Amherst College.

The Red Sparrow actress wore a thick black winter coat over an ivory colored turtleneck as well as black slacks.

The Kentucky native added a bit of sex appeal with her strappy black heels that showed off a pretty pedicure. The footwear didn't seem sensible as it had just rained.

So close! The beauty planted a kiss on the director at the 2014 Screen Actors Guild Awards

On set: David directing Jennifer on Silver Linings Playbook, left, and American Hustle, right

Their third collaboration: The award winner with Robert De Niro in the 2015 film Joy

Her other accessories were a New York sports cap - which David also had on for a while - and black purse with gunmetal grey chain strap.

Russell was much more dressed down in a black puffy jacket and black slacks with old dad white sneakers and his hair in a messy hipster style.

The whole time they walked down the street they were arm-in-arm suggesting they have a very close relationship.

At one point they seemed to get into a mini disagreement, but it all seemed good natured.

All good here: Jennifer looked to be in great spirits as she held on to the acclaimed director while walking down a dark street

Chuckling: At times she laughed and smiled with the dashing salt-and-pepper Russell

Her fashion: The Red Sparrow actress wore a thick black winter coat over an ivory colored turtleneck and added black slacks

Cool kicks: The Kentucky native added a bit of sex appeal with her strappy black heels that showed off a pretty pedicure

Russell has been in a longtime romance with Holly Davis who did not seem to be present during the dinner.

Jennifer started working with Russell with the 2012 hit film The Silver Linings Playbook which also starred Bradley Cooper.

Her role as an aspiring ballroom dancer who manages to melt the heart of Cooper's angry loser won her an Academy Award.

His man look: Russell was much more dressed down in a puffy jacket and black slacks with old dad white sneakers and his hair in a messy hipster style

Say what? At one point they seemed to get into a mini disagreement, but it all seemed good natured

Next David hired her to star in 2013's American Hustle, which also starred Cooper.

This time instead of playing the kooky girl, she was the classless but very sexy neglected wife of Christian Bale's character.

Again she was handed an Oscar nomination but she didn't win.

Now with her hat off: As they walked by a restaurant she let her blonde locks be seen; her hat was on his head at this point

Back on: Now she has the hat on her head; it also seemed as if they were holding hands here

Can't let go: They seemed to be arm in arm for blocks and blocks; this was after a three hour dinner inside the cozy Italian restaurant

Bonded early: Jennifer started working with Russell with the 2012 hit film The Silver Linings Playbook which also starred Bradley Cooper. Her role as an aspiring ballroom dancer who manages to melt the heart of Cooper's angry loser won her an Academy Award.

The third outting for Jennifer and David was the 2015 drama Joy, in which she played the founder of a family business dynasty. Again, Cooper was her co-star.

Her next two films don't include David.

She will work on Bad Blood with director Adam McKay. And she is set to reprise her role as Raven/Mystique in the 2019 film X-Men: Dark Phoenix.

Her last great love: From 2016 until 2017 the leggy wonder dated Darren Aronofsky who directed her in the horror film Mother!; seen in September

Jennifer's first Hollywood boyfriend was her X-Men co-star Nicholas Hoult, who she was with from 2010 until 2014.

After that she was linked to Gwyneth Paltrow's ex Chris Martin from 2014 until 2015.

And from 2016 until 2017 the leggy wonder dated Darren.

She has been seen in the company with several mystery men ever since they split, but it does not seem as if she has a boyfriend at the moment.