Kim Kardashian poses with Jennifer Lopez at Taco party She spent the Christmas period with her family.

And Kim Kardashian wasn't ready to stop partying just yet as she joined Jennifer Lopez at the singer's Los Angeles residence for a star-studded taco party on Wednesday with over a 100 guests.

Kim, 37, posted videos and photos from the festive evening to her Instagram stories, making sure to document every moment as she partied with her mother Kris Jenner, and sister Kourtney.

Scroll down for video

Quite the party! On Wednesday evening Jennifer Lopez hosted a taco party at her LA residence for over a 100 people and none other Kim Kardashian was in attendance

Pout off! The singer, 48, posted a cute snap of two posing for the camera, alongside the caption: 'When Kimmy comes we always have to take a selfie'

In one video the reality star panned up from JLo's shoes to show her glittering outfit as she can be heard saying: 'Who else would organize a taco Wednesday in this dress...this girl!'

She then provided a montage of the spread laid out for guests, narrating: 'Taco Wednesday at JLo and Alex's house.'

While Kim appeared to have slyly tricked her host along with what appeared to be Joan Collins by revealing they were being video taped rather than photographed for a group shot.

Kourtney sandwich! Kim got a snap with her sister Kourtney and Jennifer Lopez at the party

Oops: Kim appeared to have slyly tricked her host along with what appeared to be Joan Collins by revealing they were being video taped rather than photographed for a group shot

In one video the reality star panned up from JLo's shoes to show her glittering outfit as she can be heard saying: 'Who else would organize a taco Wednesday in this dress...this girl!'

JLo could be heard exclaiming 'why does this always happen to me?' referring to the initial confusion over being videotaped.

Another iconic moment was captured when Kris, Kim's mom, posed with JLo's mother Guadalupe Rodríguez posed for a snap while chatting on a couch together.

Meanwhile, earlier in the week at this year's annual family Christmas Eve bash, Kim wowed in a vintage 1997 Dior mini dress.

The reality star, 37, styled the frock completely different than how it debuted on the runway 20 years prior at the Autumn/Winter ready to wear collection for the luxury label, according to AOL.

Pucker up! The reality star got a pouty selfie with the singer, dancer, and actress

Dynamic duo: Another iconic moment was captured when Kris, Kim's mom, posed with JLo's mother Guadalupe Rodríguez posed for a snap while chatting on a couch together

Kiss me quick! The Selfish author displayed her sense of humor by writing she was posting a rare selfie

The skintight floral patterned dress featured a high-neck in a silver hue; one yellow and one blue and white stripe cut across her chest.

The clingy vintage piece also has short sleeves with a slight slit on one side on the skirt; the neckline had a beaded accent.

Kim styled the Dior number with clear Yeezy heels and no visible jewelry.

The mother of two wore her platinum blonde tresses sleek and center parted, opting for nude lipstick, smokey eye makeup and lightly contoured cheeks.

What a look: Kim wowed in a vintage 1997 Dior mini dress; pictured with a pal at the Kardashian Jenner Christmas Eve on Sunday

The reality star, 37, styled the frock completely different than how it debuted on the runway 20 years prior at the Autumn/Winter ready to wear collection for the luxury label, according to AOL; a model wearing the piece pictured with the designer, John Galliano

When the dress debuted on the runway in 1997, the model was styled with a fur coat, heavy jewelry and a bizarre hairstyle.

Kim's stylist is Simone Harouche, who is actually a childhood friend of hers.

In April, Simone chose another vintage number - a 1997 Gianni Versace gold dress -for Kim to wear at The Promise movie premiere.

Kim began working with Simone after parting ways with Monica Rose, a longtime stylist of the Kardashian/Jenner family.

Kim styled the Dior number with clear Yeezy heels and no visible jewelry; pictured with Ryan Seacrest and Randy Jackson

Flashback: When the dress debuted on the runway in 1997, the model styled with a fur coat, heavy jewelry and a bizarre hairstyle; pictured after the show in March 1997 in Paris

Queen Kim: The clingy vintage piece also has short sleeves with a slight slit on one side on the skirt; pictured with Santa and her daughter North West, five

Strike a pose: The mother of two wore her platinum blonde tresses sleek and center parted, opting for nude lipstick, smokey eye makeup and lightly contoured cheeks; with her grandmother, Mary Jo Campbell

Her sister Khloe Kardashian reportedly 'fired' Monica in April and considered 'suing' her, according to US Weekly.

Their insider revealed that Kris Jenner told her daughters to 'cease contact with Monica' in April.

By June, Khloe tweeted out an unnamed friend: 'What would you do if you found out a friend was stealing from you? Would you cut off the friendship and let God handle it? Or would you go the legal route?' via The Huffington Post.

Fans immediately thought the star was reportedly hinting at Monica Rose and the reason behind her abrupt split with Monica.

Khloe, who is almost six months pregnant with her first child, showed off her growing baby bump at her mom Kris' Christmas Eve bash; pregnant Kylie Jenner was also at the party.

Family is everything: Khloe, who is almost six months pregnant with her first child, showed off her baby bump at her mom Kris' Christmas Eve bash; Khloe with Kris and Kendall Jenner

Sister, sister: Kylie, who is also pregnant, posed with Khloe at the Sunday party