Jennifer Aniston is helping Selena Gomez after she was hospitalized for mental breakdown Jennifer Aniston is reaching out to fellow entertainment industry star Selena Gomez in the wake of Gomez’s reported breakdown.

According to Hollywood Life, Jen’s heart ‘hurts’ after seeing the young actress and singer in despair and has gone to great lengths to help.

‘Selena has received an avalanche of support, as she is very well loved in Hollywood,’ a source close to Jen said.

Both actresses, seen here at a 2015 Golden Globe Awards party, have been friends for years

The insider also said: ‘She is very protective of Selena and has close ties to her because they share a manager.

‘Jennifer is an extremely caring person. It hurts her heart to know that Selena is struggling like this and she is absolutely there to offer advice and support. She sees Selena like a little sister and is doing all she can to help her.’

Jennifer and Selena have reportedly been friends for close to a decade. They met at the Women in Film 2009 Crystal and Lucy Awards and later helped to narrate the 2015 documentary Unity.

In a December 2014 Instagram post, Selena spoke highly of the Friends actress and their friendship, writing: ‘I have not only been following her career as a fan since I was eight and now get to watch her completely transform in her new movie Cake, I have gotten to have real conversations with such a real heart, made my entire year.’

At the premiere of Cake just a month later, Jen also expressed appreciation for their friendship.

‘She’s just like a little cherub that I feel like I wanna take care of. And we’ve just met through our manager. She’s been extremely supportive and wonderful,’ she said.

In addition to Jennifer Aniston, Selena has received support from friends like Cardi B and Demi Lovato.

Demi is also said to be ‘heartbroken’ over the singer’s reported meltdown while Cardi B sent her a special message in which she said: ‘… I just want to let her know girl, you’re beautiful. Just hold on because even sometimes, I feel like I be losing my mind [sic].’

Jennifer Aniston is doing everything she can to help Selena Gomez after the singer's 'emotional breakdown' https://t.co/LT2XVnQedu pic.twitter.com/cwlP84pkl4 — HollywoodLife (@HollywoodLife) October 15, 2018

Selena Gomez hospitalized

On October 11, TMZ reported that Selena was hospitalized twice in the past few weeks and was currently at an East Coast psychiatric facility receiving dialectical behavior therapy.

The singer and actress has reportedly been struggling with depression since undergoing a kidney transplant last year and suffering a number of other setbacks, including reconnecting and subsequently breaking up with ex-boyfriend Justin Bieber, who then got engaged to Hailey Baldwin a short time later.

The Back to You singer wrote on Instagram in September that she was taking a break from social media, imploring fans: 'Kindness and encouragement only for a bit! Just remember — negative comments can hurt anybody's feelings.'

What is Dialectical Behavior Therapy?

Dialectical Behavior Therapy is a form of psychotherapy designed to aid people suffering from borderline personality disorder. It can also be used to treat various mood disorders as well as those suffering from suicidal ideation, self-harm and substance abuse.

The therapy tries to help people increase their cognitive and emotional regulation by learning more about the triggers that lead them to react the way they do and which coping skills they should use instead.

Dialectical Behavior Therapy was first developed by psychologist Marsha M. Lineham in the 1980s and has proven to be effective for many patients over the years.