Man arrested in Young Dolph shooting; Yo Gotti not a person of interest One man was arrested in the shooting of hip hop artist Young Dolph, as police searched for additional suspects in the shooting.

Corey McClendon, 43, was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder, Los Angeles police said Wednesday.

Young Dolph, 32, was in critical condition following the Tuesday shooting, which occurred during an altercation at the Loews Hollywood hotel.

Yo Gotti — who had an ongoing feud with Young Dolph — had been reported to be a person of interest in the crime by TMZ hours after the shooting, but authorities later refuted the report.

“There’s no evidence that he is a person of interest,” LAPD officer Irma Mota told the Daily News on Wednesday.

The dispute occurred at around 1 p.m. Tuesday when Young Dolph, whose real name is Adolph Thornton, Jr., and three other men got into a fight. Dolph was shot after being knocked to the ground.

Two of the men ran, while the third fled in a gold Cadillac Escalade before ultimately ditching the vehicle.

Yo Gotti is not a person of interest in the shooting of Young Dolph, an LAPD official said.

McClendon, who resides in Memphis, was detained on Tuesday and booked on Wednesday, police said. His bail was set a $1 million.

McClendon has a previous connection to Yo Gotti. Both men were charged with Aggravated Riot in 2010 in connection to shooting outside a nightclub over Thanksgiving weekend that left six people with gunshots, according to Memphis NBC affiliate WMC Action News 5.

Police did not have an update on the current condition of Young Dolph, who was in critical condition as he was transported to the hospital.

LAPD said there were three suspects involved in the altercation, and that Yo Gotti was not one of them. Authorities continue to search for the remaining two suspects.

Yo Gotti and Young Dolph have long been involved in a rap feud, according to the Commercial Appeal, and have traded diss lyrics in their songs in the past.

Another rapper named Blac Youngsta, who is signed to the same label as Yo Gotti, was accused of firing off over 100 bullets at Young Dolph’s car earlier this year, according to TMZ.