Emmys 2017 worst-dressed: Ariel Winter, Heidi Klum, Reese Witherspoon and more duds Maeve McDermott

USA TODAY

Updated Sept. 17, 2017, 11:51 p.m. ET

We'll say it: The 2017 Emmys served the strongest awards-show fashion in recent memory.

Hollywood came dressed to kill Sunday night, filling the Emmys carpet with elegant mermaid silhouettes and dramatic beaded gowns and colorful suits. And while some looks weren't as killer as others, all in all, there were far more winners than losers on the Emmys red carpet, so consider this year's worst-dressed list graded on a curve.

Ariel Winter

The Modern Family actress looks her best when she channels old-Hollywood glam on the red carpet, and this Forever 21-looking Zuhair Murad creation is decidedly not that. The animal print-style pattern, paired with a bizarre double-slit, does nothing for Winter.

Need a news break? Check out the all new PLAY hub with puzzles, games and more!

Sarah Hyland

This is a pumpkin spice latte in a dress. Hyland's Zac Posen leaf-pattern gown with matching eye shadow and earrings was a little too autumnal for our tastes.

Heidi Klum

With her oversize hoops, bangles piled up her arms and boho Peter Dundas gown, Klum looked like she got lost en route to a music festival and stumbled onto the Emmys carpet.

Chris Sullivan

Willy Wonka called — he wants his hat back. The This Is Us actor was certainly trying to turn heads with his dapper Emmys look. But did he really need to bring a cane?

Vanessa Bayer

There's a fine line between "prim florals" and "grandma's drapes," and Bayer's Zac Posen gown falls on the wrong side.

Shannon Purser

We love nearly everything about Purser — her Emmy-nominated turn as Barb on Stranger Things, her effervescent personality, and her radically honest interviews. This dowdy emerald tent of a dress, not so much.

Carrie Coon

Coon is undeniably one of Hollywood's favorite critical darlings, but her pink Delpozo gown is twin parts girlish and unflattering.

Reese Witherspoon

In a less competitive year, Reese's Stella McCartney blazer dress wouldn't be offensive enough to land her on the worst-dressed list. But compared with all the other women who looked fantastic in menswear on the carpet Sunday night, Witherspoon just looks like she forgot her pants.

Kathryn Hahn

Hahn dared to wear vintage to the Emmys, choosing a 1969 Courreges Haute Couture strapless gown. Unfortunately, her look was a little too retro, looking less " '60s chic" and more "missing Mad Men extra."

Sofia Vergara’s bangs

Vergara was among the many stars who opted for a mermaid gown, looking vaguely bridal in white Mark Zunino. But her new center-parted bangs were her look's true offender.