VMAs 2017: Celebrities who made the worst dressed list Over the years, the MTV Video Music Awards red carpet has offered an opportunity for celebrities to go wild and showcase some of their weirdest and wackiest fashions - and it seems that this year was no different.

From over-the-top sparkles to glittery capes to an alien-inspired ensemble, the red carpet at this year's awards ceremony at The Forum in Los Angeles, California, was overrun with fashion faux pas.

Leading the list of worst dressed disasters at this year's awards show was Nicki Minaj, who wore a garish pink latex ensemble on the red carpet, that clung to every single curve and left little to the imagination thanks to some large cut-outs just above her nipples.

Scroll down for video

Talk about skin-tight! Nicki Minaj wore a Pepto-Bismol-colored latex suit on the red carpet - despite the warm temperatures in Los Angeles, California, where the event took place

Adding to the mix: The chart-topper accessorized her ensemble - which gave her a rather dire camel toe - with some sky-high pink, orange, and white heels, and some glittering jewels around her neck and wrists

Candy wrapper? Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham wore a pair of thigh-high gold boots that looked more like they should have been wrapped around a chocolate bar than a pair of legs

Partner in crime: The reality star dressed her daughter Sophia in what appeared to be an alien outfit, perhaps in honor of the iconic Moonman trophy given out at the awards

Ready for bed? Singer and songwriter Sophie Beem missed the fashionable mark in a pajama-esque rainbow ensemble

Dress down disaster: Noah Cyrus, younger sister of singer Miley, was incredibly under-dressed in a very short hoodie and a pair of thigh high boots

The 60s called... Reality star Caitlin Valtierra, who rose to fame on MTV show Teen Mom, wore an unflattering pair of pink flared pants and a clashing floral shirt

The incredibly tight catsuit also saw Nicki showing off an unfortunate camel toe, which many social media users were quick to point out and highlight.

'Nicki Minaj's camel toe must be her plus one for the VMAs,' one person tweeted, while another added: 'Nicki Minaj's latex camel toe cannot be sanitary.'

Perhaps eager to distract from the awkward camel toe, Nicki paired her in-your-face crop top-and-trouser combo with some sky-high pink, orange, and white heels, and some glittering jewels around her neck and wrists.

Meanwhile, MTV star Farrah Abraham arrived on the red carpet in a too-tight pair of white pants which she had paired with an over-the-top pair of metallic gold boots that looked more like a tacky candy wrapper than a designer must-have.

She also roped her young daughter Sophia into dressing up as what appeared to be an alien, with the eight-year-old wearing a bizarre silver trouser and shirt combo, along with a spaceship-esque skirt around the waistband of her pants.

Baring it all: Love and Hip Hip star Hazel E flashed a little too much flesh in her sheer lacy number that looked like it had been borrowed out of Morticia Addams' closet

Grrrrrr-oss: Actress Arielle Vandenberg was a sight for sore eyes in her leopard-print suit and lacy corset

Tulle me about it! Kesha arrived in a ruffled gown to the star-studded event

Wrong season! The ladies from reality series Ink Master: Angels looked more like they were attending a Halloween party

Speaking out: Singer Lizzo (center) was clearly trying to make a point with the words 'truth hurts' embroidered on the back of her bridal-style gown, however she and her red carpet companions failed to make a style statement

Missed the mark: Mel B was clearly trying to make a statement with her dress, which featured the words 'You will never own me' on the front, the mess of paintings on the back made the whole thing look like a DIY craft project

Superman he ain't: Jared Leto, who took to the red carpet with the other members of his band Thirty Seconds to Mars, wore a bizarre sequined cape, pairing it with a frilly shirt and sparkly Gucci sneakers

Put it away! Paris Jackson (left) left little to the imagination, showing off some nude underwear in her very sheer dress, while Vanessa Morgan exposed a whole lot in her dress, which featured slits that went almost up to her stomach

The young girl later added a pair of out-of-this world sunglasses, which were placed on her face by her mother, Farrah, as they posed together for the cameras.

Joining the duo on the worst dressed list was their Teen Mom co-star Caitlin Valtierra who donned an incredibly ensemble of pink flared, ruffled trousers, and a clashing floral top - both of which did little to complement her figure.

Adding an additional color catastrophe into the mix was her hair, which had been dyed in various rainbow shades and further clashed with her purple and yellow blouse.

Mel B was clearly eager to make a statement with her glittery gold dress, which featured the words 'You will never own me' emblazoned on the front in a rainbow of sequins, assumed by many to be a message for her ex-husband Stephen Belafonte, with whom she is currently going through a very messy divorce.

And while the shape itself was incredibly flattering, hugging the singer-turned-America's Got Talent Judge's every curve, the design was a little too over-the-top - particularly when you looked at it from behind.

Interesting: The members of pop group DNCE all modeled rather eclectic looks, with Joe Jonas (center left) showing off some rather intriguing facial hair, while bandmate Cole Whittle opted to go without a shirt

Madonna-inspired? Cardi B wore a unique cut-out jumpsuit that featured a built-in conical bra

Oh dear: Model and social media star Erika Costell looked awkward in her garish orange dress, which she appeared to be holding shut while posing for the cameras

In addition to the rather garish message on the front of the design, the back of the dress also featured a bizarre series of paintings, scrawled across the back in blue, including a large Evil Eye-style design on Mel B's derriere - perhaps a sign that she is trying to protect herself against any more relationship dramas.

And it wasn't just the ladies who hit all-time fashion lows on the red carpet, however.

Jared Leto - who arrived at the awards ceremony alongside his Thirty Seconds to Mars bandmates - wore what looked like a sequined cape over a frilly high-necked shirt.

He paired his bizarre ensemble with a pair of glittery Gucci sneakers and, the only low-key aspect of his outfit, some grey jeans.

Singer and producer Calvin Harris rocked a dad-like outfit, donning a feather-patterned black and white shirt which was tucked into a pair of too-short woolen trousers. He finished off the look with a pair of lace-up sneakers - and also modeled a mustache.

Bizarre: Calvin Harris looked like he had dressed up as a stereotypical dad in his paisley print shirt and too-short trousers

Back to school: Rapper Lil Yachty, fresh from launching a pop-up pizzeria in New York City, looked more like he was preparing to hit the books than the red carpet

Excited: YouTube star Bretman Rock opted to go without a shirt, and instead wore a tasseled jacket and a statement choker

Golden? Designer Jeremy Scott looked incredibly tacky in the metallic Moschino outfit

Awful: Teen Mom star Amber Portwood joined her co-star Farrah on the worst dressed list in her over-the-top dress, while rapper Conceited looked disastrous in his distressed denim look

Not lovin' it! YouTube star Rory Kramer wore a bright yellow, short-sleeved suit that was printed with McDonald's logos. He paired it with some mis-matched Vans sneakers

The musician shocked fans with his rather odd new look, with many of them taking to social media to express their confusion over his appearance - particularly his rather bushy facial hair.

One fan amusingly compared the star's new look to Dr Seuss' environmentally-conscious and heavily-mustached character the Lorax tweeting that Calvin looked just like the cartoon favorite.

Another follower didn't hold back with voicing their shock writing: 'OMG Calvin Harris transformation.'

Another fan wrote, 'Calvin Harris honey what did you do to yourself', while another person simply tweeted: 'Calvin Harris looks like a dad.'

Rapper Lil Yachty followed in Calvin's footsteps with a somewhat nerdy look, turning up to the red carpet fresh from launching his own pizzeria pop-up in New York in a collegiate-style V-neck sweater and a pair of rolled-up chinos.

He paired his studious ensemble with a pair of white lace-up sneakers, and some white sports socks, adding some rapper bling to his outfit courtesy of some diamond jewelry around his wrists and neck.