Kris Jenner's $10m home is 'just across street' from Kim Kris Jenner has added to her property portfolio by dropping $9.9million on a stunning Hidden Hills home with six bedrooms and seven baths.

It's now emerged that Kris' new abode is situated just across the street from daughter Kim Kardashian and her husband Kanye West, who have just moved into their renovated $20million mansion in time for the arrival of the couple's third child via surrogate.

Interior images of the two-story mansion reveal an impeccably designed space covering 9,400 sq ft including a theater room, game room and 10-person spa.

Scroll down for video

Airy: This is the Hidden Hills property that Kris Jenner has just bought which sits across the street from her daughter Kim Kardashian and Kanye West. The couple and their children have just moved into their newly renovated mansion

Property portfolio: The 62-year-old momager's new home cost $9.9million and has six bedrooms and seven baths

Set in 1.28 acres of plush gardens, it features luxurious wood flooring, and open plan layout and floor to ceiling French doors spanning the side of the property and flowing out into the garden.

The wood-themed kitchen boasts a fully equipped minimal feel with a central breakfast island, and looks out onto the pool.

And sparing no luxury, the ground floor bedrooms feature plush fireplaces, French doors into the garden, while the first floor bedrooms boast Juliet balconies and views of the surrounding plush greenery.

The home is an addition to Kris' sizable portfolio, with the Kardashian family already owning an array of properties across Calabasas, Beverly Hills and the Hidden Hills.

Even daughter Kylie, despite having only recently turned 20, already owns three properties in exclusive Los Angeles neighbourhoods.

Perfect for entertaining: The Hidden Hills home comes complete with a 10-person spa, theater room and game room

The home- located in the exclusive Hidden Hills neighbourhood, has beautifully landscaped grounds with a zero-edge pool

Luxury dining! One table features wooden chairs embellished with sheepskin seat covers and overlooks the swimming pool

Movie room! One room features a popcorn maker, large TV screen and two rows of sofas for cosy family cinema nights in

Home sweet home: The property set in 1.28 acres of plush gardens

Last week it was revealed that Kim and Kanye had finally moved into their $20 million Hidden Hills home which they bought in 2014.

The couple and their children have been living at their home in Bel-Air as they waited for renovations on their Hidden Hills property to complete.

'The home is done in terms of the renovation but it's finishing up the smaller things – they don't want to move in with any construction still happening,' a source previously revealed to Us in August.

The Bel-Air property was recently sold for $17.8 million, four years after Kim and Kanye purchased it for $9 million.

Shower room: The smaller bathrooms feature waterfall showers and more modest fixtures and fittings

At one with nature! One bedroom features huge floor to ceiling doors leading directly into the plush gardens of the property

Millionaires: The home is an addition to Kris' sizable portfolio, with the Kardashian family already owning an array of properties across Calabasas, Beverly Hills and the Hidden Hills

Formal dining: Kris is mum to Kourtney, 38, Kim, 37, Khloe, 33, Rob, 30, Kendall, 22 and Kylie 20, - though they may need a larger dinner table to entertain them all

Every girl's dream! The walk-in closet boasts railings of clothes, as well as an island for accessories and jewellery

Kim and Kanye had big plans for their Hidden Hills home.

The couple planned on building a two-story playroom, music studio and full-size movie theatre with Dolby surround sound, it has been claimed by TMZ.

Obviously there will be areas built for personal maintenance as the gossip site claims there are plans for a huge gym, basketball court, hair salon and a full spa complete with a facial and massage room.

Prior to their makeshift residence, Kim, Kanye and their two children, North and Saint, were living with Kris.

Back in November Kris admitted that she would have the couple back living with her 'in a heartbeat'.

Sleek: One bedroom features a grey high headboard king sized beds, coordinating rug and matching mantelpiece with chic fireplace and doors to the pool

Open plan! The breakfast bar overlooks the plush garden and the luxurious sitting room area, which boasts a modern fireplace and slate wall

Clean lines: Cabinets surrounding the stove feature a wood grain effect there's plenty of counter space for whipping up a feast

So much space: This image shows another angle of the living area with the kitchen in the far corner

Less is more! The wood-themed kitchen boasts a fully equipped minimal feel with a central breakfast island, and looks out onto the pool

No waiting for the bathroom here! The spacious WCs feature a large dressing room area, ensuring the female-heavy family don't clash when getting ready in the morning

Pitter patter of tiny footsteps along this corridor? Reports of Kylie's pregnancy first broke in September, while claims of Khloe expecting broke a few days later

'I actually miss them!' she confessed during an episode of STEVE with Steve Harvey.

The momager, 62, is thought to be expanding her property portfolio amid reports daughters Kylie and Khloe Kardashian, 33, are expecting their first children, along with Kim Kardashian, 37, who is expecting her third child via surrogate.

Kris is mom to six children- Kourtney, 38, Kim, 37, Khloe, 33, Rob, 30, Kendall, 22 and Kylie 20, - though they may need multiple dinner tables in the property to entertain them all.

Kris' three new grandchildren, 'expected' next year, will join Kourtney's children with former partner Scott Disick- Mason, 7, Penelope, 5, and Reign, 3, along with Kim's children with husband Kanye West- North, 4, and Saint, 1, and Rob Kardashian's daughter with ex Blac Chyna, Dream- with Kendall being Kris' only baby-free child.

The new additions to the family will bring mother-of-six Kris' grand total of grandchildren to nine.

Light and airy: Another one of the home's six bedrooms is decorated with slate grey accents and a neutral rug

Views! The first floor bedrooms boast stunning views of the plush greenery surrounding the luxurious property

Rub-a-dub-dub! The eight plush bathrooms feature stand alone baths with huge windows overlooking the garden, and a separate make-up area

Neighbors! Last week it was revealed that Kim and Kanye had finally moved into their $20 million Hidden Hills home which they bought in 2014