Jennifer Lawrence Talked Luann de Lesseps Out of This Real Housewives Tagline Here's how the Oscar winner had a direct impact on The Real Housewives of New York City Season 10.

One of the most hotly anticipated parts of a new Real Housewives season is the tagline reveal. Each Housewife's opening line helps set the tone, giving a glimpse of what the 'Wife has been doing and how she's feeling about the season. With Season 10 of The Real Housewives of New York City underway, fans were excited to hear their favorite New Yorkers' new taglines — and they did not disappoint. (Check out the clip above.)

How to Watch Watch The Real Housewives of New York City on Bravo and Peacock.

When Luann de Lesseps stopped by The Daily Dish podcast, she discussed her Season 10 tagline: "The most interesting people make the best headlines."

"Is that what my tagline is?" Luann asked at the time of recording, revealing she thought it was something different entirely: "From headlines to headliner, life is a cabaret." (Another good option!)

Speaking of taglines, Luann shared that when she met Housewives superfan Jennifer Lawrence on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen last month, the two had a "think tank" for the upcoming season.

"She was starstruck," Luann shared about Lawrence. "I couldn't believe it. It was great. She's such a nice girl. And what you don't see is that after that, she was helping me with my taglines. She's like, 'No, you can't say that.' They wanted me to say something like, 'It's not about Tom, it's about tomorrow.' I'm like, I'm not saying that ... and Jennifer's like, 'Oh, you are not. You are not going to say that."



Relive when Luann and Bethenny Frankel surprised Lawrence in the Clubhouse by watching the clip below.

Luann & Bethenny Surprise Jennifer Lawrence!

New episodes of Bravo's The Daily Dish are available on Thursdays. Listen, like, and subscribe to Bravo TV's The Daily Dish podcast on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and Google Play, and make yourself part of the conversation by tweeting @Bravotv and using the hashtag #BravoDailyDish.