Below Deck's Emily Warburton-Adams lifts lid on antics aboard Valor She's the cute, curly-haired, bubbly blonde second stewardess that had all the boys swooning aboard the Valor superyacht in the fourth season of Bravo's hit reality show Below Deck.

And now Emily Warburton-Adams is dishing on what really went on behind the scenes of the luxury boat where she catered to the rich and famous.

In an exclusive interview with DailyMail.com, the 24-year-old London-born star tells how she rubbed elbows with celebrities, experienced 'cabin-hopping' and was even propositioned by some inappropriate guests.

'Some guests were absolutely lovely and nice, but some treat you very inhumanely, and I didn't appreciate that,' she says.

She explains how one drunk guest even went as far to tell her he wanted to 'see her "V."'

Emily Warburton-Adams reveals what it was really like to work aboard superyacht Valor sharing tiny quarters and bunk beds with her castmates and crew

The 24-year-old appeared on the fourth season of Bravo's Below Deck, working as 2nd Stewardess. Pictured: (l-r) Trevor Walker, Kate Chastain, Sierra Storm, Ben Robinson, Captain Lee Rosbach, Nico Sholly, Kelley Johnson, Lauren Burchell and Emily

But Emily learned to take it all in stride.

'A lot happens, especially after three in the morning, I learned to sort of sweep it under the carpet. Guests are drunk and obnoxious and they can go too far,' she says.

Emily caught the travel bug early in life having visited India alone at 18 and other places as a child, and 'loved it.'

Although she received top grades at boarding school, she passed on the opportunity to go to university and 'chose the "school of life" route' instead.

She was introduced to the yachting industry by a close friend, named Harriet.

'There's a lot of upfront expenses in qualifications and training before you can even work on one of these yachts, I'm not sure people realize that.'

Her initial investment was approximately $3,800.

'It included personal survival, fire fighting, medical, security, and survival craft (raft) training, we had to fight and extinguish actual fires, pull out heavy fake bodies stuffed with sand out of emergency situations, it was exhausting.

'I took food hygiene level two, as well as silver service and training in wine and spirits. You also have to be able to pass a medical assessment test.'

But the hard work is all worth it for the big pay day and lavish lifestyle.

The London-born reality star, pictured in a bathroom of a cabin, says she was introduced to the yachting industry by a close friend and spent four years catering to the rich and famous

Emily says 17-hour work days are the norm at sea, and at times, the crew is too busy to even leave the yacht to see the islands

Captains Lee Rosbach and Sandy Yawn have been seen on the show huddling in the crew mess after their wealthy guests have left to divvy up the deck and interior staff tips.

The yacht crew collects a regular base salary, but the cash tips are tax free and the real reward for all that hard work, Emily reveals, can be in the tens of thousands of dollars for one week, if you're extremely lucky.

Bravo pays its recurring yacht workers like Chief Stewardess Kate Chastain and Chef Ben Robinson more than those who are only there for one season.

And while she won't disclose her salary, Emily says, 'I can tell you this, I did not make enough.'

But for whatever the money comes a lot of hard work, where 17-hour days can be the norm.

There are times, Emily says, a yacht may pull up to an exotic port in the likes of Corsica, and the crew is too busy working to even go outside and see it.

'Honestly, sometimes you're so tired that when the guests are off the boat and you get a two-hour break you just need to sleep.'

A yacht like the 154 ft Valor, which sleeps twelve guests, costs almost $200,000 a week to charter, and the price just goes on up with larger vessels.

A-list celebs such as Beyonce and Jay Z, Leonardo DiCaprio and Kourtney Kardashian have been known to enjoy lounging on the sundeck of a super yacht in some exotic locale.

Emily cannot 'name names' due to confidentiality agreements with guests, but she says that life at sea can be 'like a celebrity/millionaires roundabout.'

Below Deck only scratches the surface of what life is like working with the glitterati on a super yacht, she says.

The decadent hedonistic lifestyle onboard can revolve around the hot tub orgies and cocaine-fueled nights without-but sometimes with the guests.

Emily says she has kept in touch with most of her fellow crew members, but revealed Chief Stew Kate Chastain (far left) 'hurt' her post filming and has blocked her on social media

Emily had a romantic fling with co-star Chef Ben Robinson after their charter season ended, and the two remain good friends, she says

'Cabin-hopping was rife, and I am so pleased that I managed to avoid the dark side of what goes on. It's not difficult if you have the discipline to manage to conduct yourself, but temptation is always only a port away.'

When asked what's the strangest thing she's found in a guest's cabin after they've left she says: 'Oh, I've seen a lot. Sex toys, used condoms, [number two] in the shower, [pee] in the sink…'

She also tells how one wealthy male guest once suggested she pour the cocktail he was being served down her leg and 'make it look sexy' while he watched.

This same attentive rich fellow later offered Emily a very high paying job with his company back in the UK.

'About a year and half later I read in the British tabloids he was facing jail for [tabloid quote] 'six counts of sexual assault, and force feeding woman hot wasabi in sex attack at 'Wolf of Wall Street' office party celebrating a million pound profit deal.

'His business closed. I suppose I'm happy that I have quite good instincts.'

There are sometimes benefits of having crazy rich and very drunk guests, they are easily tricked when the crew has to cut corners.

'You know, on the fourth or fifth day of doing fresh juice you run out of fruit, and you start to marry fresh with bottled juice in and they usually only then comment on how tasty it is.

'If you don't want the guests up late and they ask for coffee, they're given decaf instead.'

Below Deck cameras are placed all over the boat, including the rooms that house the crew and their tiny bunk beds.

'The only place off limits is the bathroom, but if there are two cast members inside the bathroom they're allowed to film, that's the rule.'

On the show, male and female crew members share tiny quarters with bunk beds, out of necessity Emily says.

'There just isn't enough room. Believe me, by the end of a charter you're either like brother and sister, or you're dating!'

Besides the financial perks, the ability to see exotic ports of call is what lured Emily to a life at sea.

'Back in May 2015 I was docked in Monaco and we got a night off around the time of the Grand Prix, myself and another stewardess ended up spending the night with Jude Law at his hotel.'

Emily says a Below Deck casting director found her via her LinkedIn profile, where she had shared her yachting experience along with other work.

'I just thought I'd give it a go. You only live once and I want to have an incredible journey. '

Although it has been suspected but never confirmed, Emily says the yacht guests you see on Below Deck have received a discount for having their vacation aired to millions of viewers, 'Usually there is something they want to promote, that's why they're on it.'

After being chased by both male guests and crew, Bravo fans will recall that Emily began a romance with Chef Ben after their charter season ended, and the two remain good friends.

'I stay in touch with quite a few people, Lauren [Burchell], Kelly [Johnson].'

But one ex-cast mate isn't so chummy, her Chief Stew Kate Chastain.

'She has me blocked on all social media platforms. She hurt me post filming, women can be the worst bullies,' she says.

These days Emily has put her stewardess days to rest to chase her dream of having her own business.

Focusing her life on land, Emily is the Co-Founder of POW Food, and known for her Sustainability, Wellness and Mental Health influencer work on Instagram.

She has just launched the London VITALGUIDE with Well + Away, and of course, still loves to travel.

'I'm definitely grateful for what the show did for me, it was an amazing experience. I just couldn't go back to yachting now, I love managing my own time and life and using my brains a lot more!'

Below Deck season four has yet to air in her native England, but she says: 'I'm dreading it! I'll be married with a couple of kids and it will finally come out.'