Larsa Pippen bankrolled by Kourtney Kardashian amid split Larsa Pippen has been 'cut off' by estranged husband Scottie and has been forced to ask best friend Kourtney Kardashian for financial support, DailyMail.com has learned exclusively.

The Real Housewives of Miami star, 42, is now hoping a judge will hand some of the estimated $120 million fortune to her when the couple appear in court for the first time in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, today.

Sources close to the reality star say the former Chicago Bulls player, 51, has seized control of the family accounts and is denying her access to cash.

The insider said: 'She's been going back and forth between LA and Florida but she's been stranded because she doesn't have any money.

Scroll down for video

Kourtney Kardashian has been funding her best friend Larsa Pippen after she was 'stranded' financially by her estranged husband. Larsa and Scottie split in October and he filed to keep the majority of their marital assets

'Kourtney [Kardashian] has been looking after her and making sure she's all right, and providing for her in between.

'There's a lot of back and forth with regards to the money. Her plan is to get as much as she can but he's being really tough and really cheap about it.

'He's fighting tooth and nail about everything with regards to the money.'

The couple, who were married for 19 years before splitting last October amid rumors Larsa had an affair with Atlanta rapper Future, are also set for a showdown over their prenuptial agreement.

Court records obtained by DailyMail.com show the document was signed on July 17 1997 – three days before their wedding in Chicago, Illinois.

Scottie is now demanding it be enforced, as well as asking for shared custody of the couple's four children and a 'greater share' of the couple's marital assets.

Court documents obtained by DailyMail.com reveal Scottie is asking to not pay alimony. Though Larsa signed a prenup before the marriage in 1997, she said the couple signed a Revocation of Prenuptial Agreement in 2015

The documents also reveal he wants to relocate the children to Chicago, something Larsa said she was against in her filings.

Scottie also wants to avoid making any alimony payments to his estranged wife, 'including permanent, rehabilitative, durational, bridge-the-gap or lump sum'.

Larsa, meanwhile, is hoping to overturn the prenup and get 'as much money as she can', according to insiders. She has been taking advice from Los Angeles divorce lawyer Laura Wasser, 49.

Wasser also represents Kourtney Kardashian and oversaw Kim's divorce from Atlanta Hawks star Kris Humphries, which was finalized in April 2013.

Neither she nor Larsa's second attorney, Jorge Cestero of West Palm Beach, Florida, were available for comment when approached by DailyMail.com today.

DailyMail.com also approached representatives for Scottie Pippen and Kourtney Kardashian for comment but received no response.

Scottie filed for divorce on October 18 last year, describing the marriage as 'irretrievably broken' in a petition lodged in Fort Lauderdale.

In her response, filed on October 27, Larsa's lawyers claimed the couple had signed a Revocation of Prenuptial Agreement on November 5 2015 and asked that the 1997 document be set aside.

Though the couple split in October, they went on a family getaway with their four children in February. Scottie recommended the children relocate to Chicago which Larsa said she was against in her filings

She also asked for an equal split of the couple's marital assets and shared custody of their four children, as well as a court-enforced parenting plan, child support and alimony payments.

The nearly two-decade-long marriage ended after rumors circulated that Future (pictured) had an affair with Larsa

Two weeks later, cops were called to the couple's Florida home following a violent argument during which Pippen allegedly ordered his estranged wife out of the house.

A police report obtained by DailyMail.com notes that the altercation did not become physical and ended with Larsa leaving the Del Lago Drive property and spending that night in a hotel.

Written up by Fort Lauderdale cop Officer Anthony Rodriguez, it adds: 'Upon arrival, I made contact with the caller, Larsa Pippen, who advised that she and her husband Scottie [sic] Pippen have been arguing and he was trying to make her leave their home.

'I explained to her that he absolutely cannot force her to leave and that she has every right to stay if she chooses to.

'I then spoke with Scottie who stated he was not telling Larsa that she has to leave, he was just suggesting that she go so they would stop arguing.

The divorce case begins with a case management conference in Fort Lauderdale Thursday morning. A source told DailyMail.com Larsa is not looking forward to going to court

'Larsa advised she would voluntarily leave for the night and did so without incident.'

Since then, she has been splitting her time between Kourtney Kardashian's Calabasas, California, home and Florida, where her four children – Sophia, Preston, Justin and Scottie Jr – still live.

Along with Kim Kardashian, Brittny Gastineau and Stephanie Shepherd, Larsa was also among the group of girls who celebrated Kourtney's 38th birthday on a luxury break in Mexico in April.

However, behind the scenes, Larsa is said to be 'super-stressed' about the impending divorce battle, which starts with a case management conference in Fort Lauderdale this morning.

A friend said: 'She is not looking forward to going to court at all. She is not looking forward to it at all.

A source revealed Larsa's main goal is to challenge the 1997 prenup and to have Scottie release money to her. In the meantime, she is being supported by Kourtney Kardashian

Larsa is represented by Laura Wasser (left), the lawyer who oversaw Kim Kardashian's divorce to Kris Humphries which was finalized in 2013 (right)

'She's dreading this first court date because it's going to address the money situation which has been extremely stressful for her.

'That's why Kourtney has been letting her stay at her place because she's been super stressed out, and really concerned about it. Kourtney's lawyer [Wasser] has been helping her.

'She's been giving her advice. But it's all about the money – he's [Scottie] not been giving her any money, he's been holding it over her.

'She's been hard-up for money because he's not giving her anything so she's hoping the judge will release some of the money to her.'

The source added: 'She wants to challenge [the prenuptial agreement] and that's part of what they're going to be discussing.

'Her main wish to overturn the prenup and to release some of the funds now because she needs it. He has cut her off.'