ABC, Freeform to Air Ariana Grande's Manchester Benefit Concert in U.S. Freeform and ABC stations will air Sunday’s Ariana Grande benefit concert in Manchester, England in the U.S.

ABC morning show Good Morning America said Friday morning that viewers could watch the concert on “many of our ABC stations after the NBA Finals and also on Freeform live,” advising viewers to check their local listings.

The star-studded One Love Manchester event will start on Sunday at 7 p.m. U.K. time/2 p.m. ET and raise money for the victims of the bomb attack.

Grande will be joined by such big names as Justin Bieber, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus, Coldplay, Pharrell Williams, Usher, Niall Horan and Take That at Manchester’s Old Trafford Cricket Grounds, less than two weeks after a bomber killed 22 people after a Grande concert in the city.

Freeform is the network formerly known as ABC Family, which focuses on teenagers and young adults. Freeform and ABC are both part of the Walt Disney Co.

Freeform, formerly known as ABC Family and also owned by ABC parent the Walt Disney Company, will air the full concert live at 2 p.m. ET/PT, while ABC will air a one-hour highlight special following the NBA Finals. TV coverage is being produced by the BBC, the host broadcaster that had previously announced TV and radio coverage in the U.K.

BBC Worldwide, the commercial arm of the BBC, said that as of mid-day Friday U.K. time, networks in 38 countries across five continents had agreed to air the concert.

“This Sunday, when Ariana Grande and her friends return to the stage, the world will stand united with families in Manchester and across the United Kingdom,” Disney ABC Television Group president and Disney Media Networks co-chairman Ben Sherwood said in a statement. “ABC and Freeform look forward to sharing the music community’s message of love, hope and resilience.”

All net ticket proceeds from the show will go towards the We Love Manchester Emergency Fund set up by the Manchester City Council in partnership with the British Red Cross.

In Canada, Bell Media will air Ariana Grande’s benefit concert live and commercial-free from 1:55 p.m. to 5 p.m. ET on its CTV, Much and VRAK channels, using the BBC feed from Manchester. “We’re proud to make this concert available on multiple platforms so that Canadians can pay their respects and support our friends in the United Kingdom,” Randy Lennox, Bell Media president, said in a statement.

Etan Vlessing contributed to this report.

June 2, 7:08 a.m. PT This story has been updated with more details about Sunday’s U.S. and Canadian TV coverage.