Wonder Woman 1984 First Look: How Is Steve Trevor Alive? Praise Themyscira, for new details about the Wonder Woman sequel are finally being released. On Wednesday, director Patty Jenkins and star Gal Gadot both released stills from the upcoming movie, which will be titled, drum roll . . . Wonder Woman 1984, because the film is set during the Cold War. We’ll get to that in a minute. But first, let’s address the biggest reveal from these new stills: Steve Trevor is alive!

Jenkins shared a still of Chris Pine reprising his role as Trevor with this caption: “Welcome to WONDER WOMAN 1984, Steve Trevor! #WW84.” Let it be known that Pine is absolutely working the hell out of that 1980s-inspired wardrobe, wearing an all-black jumpsuit and a pair of worn-in Nike Cortez sneakers. We’ve also got to give it up to the perfectly dressed extras around him, bringing a full 80s mall fantasy to life. Armie Hammer is going to take one look at this still and un-retire his jumpsuit phase.

X content

But now for a more pressing question: how, exactly, is Steve Trevor alive? As you might recall, the first Wonder Woman introduced Trevor as an American spy who teams up with Diana during the first World War. They fall in love, but then Trevor rides off on a heroic suicide mission, sacrificing his life in order to prevent a deadly gas from being used in the war. Considering how popular his character was, Warner Bros. brass probably decided Trevor was too handsome and pure to leave behind for the sequel—implausible though his survival may be.

There are numerous ways Trevor could be brought back for the sequel, per the limitless rules of the comic-book world. Trevor could return as an alternate version of himself—maybe from another dimension?—or maybe he was saved from his original fate through a time jump, as comicbook.com surmises. And as The Hollywood Reporter notes, there are already inconsistencies with Trevor’s timeline in the Wonder Woman comics, due to sporadic relaunches and reboots of the franchise—so there are plenty of possible story lines for Jenkins to borrow for the sequel.

Gadot’s Wonder Woman 1984 reveal, meanwhile, was a bit on the simpler side: just a still of Diana Prince standing in front of an ominous number of TV screens.