How old is Prince Harry and what is his net worth? Your support helps us to tell the story Read more Support Now From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging. At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story. The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it. Your support makes all the difference. Read more

Prince Harry will be embarking on one of life’s great adventures by tying the knot with humanitarian and actress Meghan Markle.

Last month, thousands of people signed a petition demanding that the royal family fund the wedding themselves and not take any money from the British taxpayer.

With that in mind, the net worth of the royal family and Prince Harry have becoming interesting topics of conversation.

Here’s everything you need to know about Prince Harry’s age, royal status and net worth as he prepares to welcome Ms Markle into the fold.

What’s his royal status and occupation?

Prince Harry, who was born Henry Charles Albert David on September 15 1984, is formally known as Prince Henry of Wales. He’s currently 33 years old.

He’s sixth in line to the throne behind his father the Prince of Wales, his older brother the Duke of Cambridge, his nephew Prince George, his niece Princess Charlotte and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s third child, who is expected to arrive later this month.

Prince Harry began his military career when he entered the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in 2005.

He’s since served in the British Army and ventured to Afghanistan with the Army Air Corps for a 20-week deployment from 2012 to 2013.

In 2014, Prince Harry launched the Invictus Games to celebrate wounded, injured or sick members of the armed forces from around the world.

In addition to being a patron for the Invictus Games Foundation, Prince Harry is also a patron for the HALO Trust, the London Marathon Charitable Trust and Walking With The Wounded.

What’s his net worth?

As can be expected as a member of the royal family, Prince Harry doesn’t have to worry about much when it comes to his finances.

Prince William and Prince Harry both have an estimated net worth of approximately £28m, according to The Richest.

When the royal turned 30 in 2014, he inherited a trust of around £10m from his late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, as stated by royal expert Marlene Koenig.

Prince William and Prince Harry also jointly inherited their late mother's estate, in addition to her private jewellery collection.

According to Forbes, Prince William and Prince Harry received annual dividends of around £321,313 per year from the age of 25.

Prince Harry is also taken care of by the Duchy of Cornwall, as son of Prince Charles, the Duke of Cornwall.

The Duchy of Cornwall is a private estate that was established in 1337 by King Edward III.

It’s currently overseen by Prince Charles and continues to cover expenses for Prince William and Prince Harry.

How does he earn money?

While Prince Harry has inherited a dear amount of money, he has also earned his fair share from his previous role within the army. Prince Harry officially left the army in 2015.

While serving as an officer in the Army Air Corps, he was reportedly granted a salary of around £32,134 per year, as stated by Fortune.

However, Forbes has also claimed that Prince Harry received between £35,704 and £37,840 while working as a helicopter pilot for the Army Air Corps.

This article has been updated. It was originally published in April 2018.