Miranda Lambert and Blake Shelton's friends say it was HIM who wanted to divorce Their divorce is said to have been a long time coming.

But according to sources close to Miranda Lambert and Blake Shelton, it came way too soon for one half of the country music power couple

According to People, a friend of Miranda's said she wanted time 'to reflect' on their marriage and have more of a separation, despite filing for divorce.

Scroll down for video

He wanted it: People has reported it was Blake Shelton who wanted a divorce, while Miranda was hoping to give their marriage more time to heal and wanted a trial separation - they are pictured here at the 57th Grammy Awards this year

But it was Blake, 39, who once forces had been put in motion, wanted their union over as quickly as possible.

The insider said: 'It came on very quickly. It was clear that things weren't going to work out. So he decided to end it.

'She wanted to try and make it work, maybe have more of a separation. But he said "I'm filing."'

Cheating rumours: The pair also had to deal with allegations they had both strayed, which they denied, as well as the pressures of a long distance relationship down to Blake's role on NBC's The Voice - they are pictured here at the 56th Grammy Awards

Miranda had previously told Us that for her: 'Divorce was not an option.'

The magazine reported their split was down to the fact Blake desperately wanted to start a family while she wanted to wait.

A source said: 'He wanted them and she didn't...she kept putting it off and coming up with excuses. Kids were the main issue.'

The magazine also said the pair, despite saying they tried not to spend more than two weeks apart, they were rarely in the same state.

Another source revealed the pair never saw each other which made the situation much worse.

According to Us, it was Blake's role on NBC's The Voice which put a lot of pressure on them not only distance wise, but also because while he was enjoying the extra added fame, it was not something Miranda wanted.

Not the right time: The couple were also said to be arguing over when the start a family - they are pictured here at the 47th Country Music Awards in 2013

The couple, who announced their split on Monday, had also been the subject of cheating rumours - with the finger pointed at both Miranda and Blake.

TMZ claimed that sources close to the have said Blake was unfaithful with a famous country singer, while Miranda, 30, denied rumours that she had an affair with another man.

The site also reported things have become so acrimonious between them, that Blake, 38, ordered Miranda to clear her exotic animals off his Oklahoma estate.

However, the star had been poking fun on his Twitter account, by writing things like: 'Just got off the treadmill. This calls for a drink. B**ch...'

Daily Mail.com contacted a spokesperson for Miranda Lambert and Blake Shelton for further comment.

The report came as country singer, Chris Young was forced to deny any romantic involvement with Miranda.

The 30-year-old released a statement on Twitter on Tuesday after his name was dragged into her split from Blake Shelton.

Business ties: It was claimed Miranda and Chris Young (pictured in 2010), were more than just friends, which he said was not true - however they are said to have shared the same manager, are on the same label and toured together in 2012

TMZ previously claimed that Blake, 39, ended the pair's four-year marriage after he heard rumors that she was cheating on him with Chris.

The site also claimed Miranda was unfaithful with a second, unnamed man.

'I don't normally address gossip but in this case I will,' Chris wrote to his fans. 'My name has been mentioned as a contributing factor in Blake and Miranda's divorce. That is totally FALSE.'

'They are both my friends and I would not betray that friendship,'

He concluded: 'Just wanted to clear that up. Love you guys - CY.'

Friends: Miranda stepped up to hug Chris during the ACM Awards in Las Vegas in 2013 after he presented her with an award

Praise: Chris had kind words for Miranda (pictured June 23) and her pet menagerie that accompanied them on tour, telling The Boot in 2012: 'She’s definitely an animal person... '

Chris's association to Miranda goes back to when they shared the same manager, and they are on the same record label and went on tour together in 2012, according to The Tennessean.

Blake is reportedly blaming Miranda's infidelity as the reason behind the marital bust-up after four years; the divorce was announced on Monday.

TMZ claimed he was 'very upset' in the wake of the separation but was forced to file for divorce when information of two separate men confirmed to him that she had been unfaithful.

The website cited 'multiple sources' for news that Blake was told Miranda 'hooked up' with country singer Chris Young and a second man in recent years.

Meanwhile, Chris joined her for the On Fire Tour and opened her shows, and he had nothing but kind words for Lambert and her pet menagerie that accompanied them on tour.

Suspicion: Sources told TMZ that it was just not Chris who motivated the divorce because Blake was tipped off about 'certain information' relating to the second man; Miranda and Blake are pictured here at the CMA's in 2014

'They rotate in and out,' Chris told The Boot in 2012. 'She has her two dogs, Delta and Cher, that are on the road all the time, but every couple of weeks, we’ll have another dog out that will be hanging out. She has great animals, too, she’s definitely an animal person.

Added Chris: 'She goes out of her way to make people on her tour feel not just welcome but feel like they have the run of the place. So it’s fun being out there and her crowd’s great. They’re losing their mind every night.'

The duo forged a deep friendship, but romance rumours were first sparked in February 2015 as they were spotted getting close at a Nashville bar.

Differing ideals: The New York Post's PageSix said Miranda wanted to be a 'free spirit'

Sources confirmed to TMZ that it was just not Chris who motivated the divorce because Blake was tipped off about 'certain information' relating to the second man, which 'elevated things in Blake's head from rumor to fact,' the website claims.

Meanwhile, The New York Post's Page Six reports that Miranda wanted to be a free spirit.

'He is eager to have children,' the source claimed. 'But she really enjoys not being tied down. I think they both were off on what the time frame would be.

'They are never together, and he was wanting them to move close to being together. She really loves her career and touring. She has the ability to go and record albums when she wants and to tour.'

Male bonding: Blake greeted funny man Adam Sandler at the New Hampshire Motor Speedway on Sunday

Emotional moment: Miranda (pictured in 2014) broke down while singing The House That Built Me, a song given to her by Blake. at Cheyenne Frontier Days Festival in Wyoming on Saturday

Daily Mail.com contacted a representative for comment, who reiterated the couple's joint separation statement, which read: 'This is not the future we envisioned.

'And it is with heavy hearts that we move forward separately. We are real people, with real lives, with real families, friends and colleagues.

'Therefore, we kindly ask for privacy and compassion concerning this very personal matter.'

Blake and Miranda married in 2011 after five years together.

WHO GETS WHAT Blake Shelton and Miranda Lambert are said to have wed in 2011 with a pre-nup in place guaranteeing them certain properties and other belongings in the event of a split. MIRANDA: The Little Red Wagon singer will get their $2.5 million mansion in Nashville and her show animals including horses, a camel and llama. She will also keep their rescue dogs Jessie and Waylon. BLAKE: The 39-year-old Shelton will keep their dog Delilah and sprawling ranch near Tishomingo, Oklahoma where the population is about 3,000. As he told Country Weekly, he fell in love with the place's rustic outlook. 'It was built as a huntin’ lodge,' he boasted, adding: 'That’s why it’s got concrete floors. 'I’m gonna walk in with muddy boots, go from the front door to the refrigerator and get a beer and back out. You can watch every track.' Miranda is already in the process of moving her beloved show animals off the property, TMZ claims. The couple will reportedly divide their horses evenly.

Their shared home, which was featured in Country Living magazine in May, was built around their rescue pets that include six dogs, a flock of chickens, two pot bellied pigs, horses, and three cats.

As guest editor for the June issue, Miranda gushed: 'We're building a new house, and I've been saving inspiration on Pinterest. A friend of mine recently said, "I can see your Pinterest boards, and all you have on there are dog rooms,''

'My husband and I have 15 rescue animals, and I spend way too much time planning our pets' spaces. I'm like, okay, I probably need to move on to the laundry room!'

The couple are understood to have a pre-nup in place; she'll keep their marital home in Nashville while he will keep their Oklahoma ranch.

On Saturday, the strain was perhaps too much for Miranda, who broke down in front of 10,000 fans while on stage at the Cheyenne Frontier Days Festival in Wyoming.

It was there she performed her Grammy winning hits including The House That Built Me, a song given to her by Blake.