Teen Mom OG’s Farrah Abraham Shares Photos of Her Vaginal Rejuvenation Procedure Hmmmk. Farrah Abraham took to Instagram to reveal that she had a procedure done that would make most women cringe.

The Teen Mom OG star documented her experience undergoing vaginal rejuvenation at the Beverly Hills Rejuvenation Center in Los Angeles on Saturday, August 26.

Loving my lady parts! #vaginalrejuvenation ? @beverlyhillsrejuvenationcenter @la_laser_lady @sarafowler_ Schedule your noninvasive appointment today ??? #Lasvegas #beverlyhills A post shared by Farrah Abraham (@farrah__abraham) on Aug 26, 2017 at 2:43pm PDT

One photo showed the reality star standing alongside a doctor in front of a lobby desk, wearing a pretty lace top with a black skirt. She captioned it, “Loving my lady parts!” with the hashtag #vaginalrejuvenation.

Related: See Farrah Abraham’s Sexiest Bikini Photos Farrah Abraham often shares bikini photos on social media — see the Teen Mom OG's sexiest moments!

The reality star, 26, also tagged the clinic before encouraging her followers to “Schedule your noninvasive appointment today.” Another photo showed the sex tape star wearing a shiny silver bra and lying on an examination table with a sheet over her legs while she underwent the procedure.

In a video Abraham uploaded, her doctor explained the process of vaginal rejuvenation, saying, “What this does is distributes little wounds through radio frequency which kind of breaks up the collagen and forces it to restore during that healing process, so everything becomes tighter and you actually experience …”

“Like I’m 16 again?” the My Teenage Dream Ended author interrupted.

“There you go, like you’re 16 again!” the doctor answered with a laugh.

Related: Biggest Reality TV Villains Ever! Look back at some of the biggest villains who wreaked havoc in shows like ‘Survivor,’ ‘The Bachelor,’ ‘Big Brother’ and the ‘Real Housewives’ franchise!

Abraham’s followers quickly slammed the single mom for sharing the private procedure. One person wrote, “My god…poor little Sophia. A mother who ‘loves’ her body so much she altered every bit of it. Great example. I hope Sophia will grow into a strong and independent woman who does not need her ‘mother’ to be around.”

Another commented, “Farrah why? I understand you’re a mom and need the procedure for personal reasons but why make it public? Have respect as a mother for your child and for others.”

A third follower simply asked, “Aren’t you like 25? Why do you need this?”

Related: Teen Mom Stars, Then and Now! It’s been quite a journey for the cast of Teen Mom. The series launched in December 2009 as the first spinoff from MTV’s 16 and Pregnant. The debut season followed the lives of Maci Bookout, Catelynn Lowell, Amber Portwood and Farrah Abraham, who all experienced very different journeys during their teen pregnancies. On season 5, […]

The MTV star has previously undergone plastic surgery to alter her nose and chin, and has breast implants. She also shared pics on Twitter in 2015 of an allergic reaction she had to lip implants. Abraham also met with a surgeon in 2016, in a segment shown on The Doctors, to look into getting a butt lift.

For the latest celebrity entertainment, news and lifestyle videos, subscribe to Us Weekly’s YouTube Page.