Meghan Markle's Old, New, Borrowed and Blue Wedding Details Something old, something new, something borrowed, something blue. The old English rhyme dictating four good luck charms for a bride on her wedding day is a popular tradition the world over, and the new Duchess of Sussex was no exception.

Meghan's first wedding gown, a Givenchy Haute Couture creation by Clare Waight Keller, was just one "something new" for the big day. Also by Givenchy were the veil, which represented all 53 countries of the Commonwealth in its design, and the shoes, pointed pumps in silk duchess satin. Her jewelry, diamond earrings and a bracelet, were by Cartier.

Getty Images Meghan borrowed her tiara from the Queen, while her Cartier earrings were new.

Getty Images Meghan’s bouquet included Princess Diana’s favorite flower, forget me nots, a sentimental "something blue"

The diamond and platinum bandeau tiara worn by Meghan with her ceremony gown qualifies as her "something old" and "something borrowed". The tiara was made for Queen Mary in 1932, with the centre brooch dating back to 1893. It was loaned to Meghan by the Queen for the occasion.

Meghan and Harry's florist, Philippa Craddock, also worked a "something old" into the bouquet—sprigs of myrtle from a plant grown from the myrtle used in the Queen’s wedding bouquet of 1947. And as a "something blue", Craddock also included forget-me-nots, Princess Diana's favorite flower.

According to rumor, a piece of fabric from Princess Diana's wedding gown was sewn into Meghan's dress. That too would be a fitting "something old".

Meghan also incorporated the traditions in her evening look for the wedding reception at Frogmore House. The bespoke Stella McCartney silk crepe gown was, of course, new, as were her shoes by Aquazzura made in silky satin, with nude mesh, and soles painted in baby blue—a "something blue".



Getty Images Meghan’s Stella McCartney evening gown was another "something new", while the soles of her shoes were painted baby blue as a "something blue".

It was a breathtaking aquamarine cocktail ring from Princess Diana's collection that was the most obvious "something blue", as well as a "something old", and perhaps "something borrowed" too, though many are assuming that this ring was not borrowed but gifted to Meghan by her new husband. Princess Diana left her jewelry to the wives of her sons in her will, and given that Meghan wasn't officially a married woman until the end of the ceremony, she may have chosen to wait to wear a piece from Diana's collection until after the marriage was official.