Blue Ivy just schooled Beyonce and Jay Z at the Grammys Her parents Jay Z and Beyonce may have been up for some big awards, but Blue Ivy Carter single-handedly stole the Grammys.

Advertisement

The six-year-old was seated in between her music legend parents, when cameras captured one of the shadiest moments of 2018.

Bey and Jay were applauding singer Camila Cabello, when their eldest literally shushed them.

You need to watch it below!

Loading the player...

Advertisement

It’s good to know that even music gods need to bow their heads… To their offspring.

The entire Twitterverse exploded over Blue’s actions, with many seeing the rise of a new legend.

The sassy tot, who is big sister to twins Sir and Rumi, didn’t stop there.

The mini-Carter demanded her parents bring her some edible treats including a juice box and Annie snacks.

Advertisement

Music royalty is the house!

Now this is how you take a family portrait!

Every Grammy watcher feared that Beyonce might not turn up for Jay Z’s big night.

But the music’s Queen Bey was officially spotted midway through the ceremony.

Advertisement

Beyonce along with the couple’s eldest daughter Blue Ivy both rocked up to the 2018 Grammy Awards, in light of Jay Z’s 8 nominations.

Giving us Hollywood siren, the mum-of-three rocked a black velvet mock-neck, cold shoulder gown.

Blue was chic as ever in all white and silver outfit, completed with glitter Mary Jane shoes.

The 22-time award winner might not have walked the Grammy’s red carpet, but she’s 100% stolen the show!

Advertisement

What a trio

Daddy’s golden girl is here!

There have been some theories that Beyonce will take to the stage in honour of the evening’s Hall of Fame inductee Tina Turner.

The Proud Mary singer has been a huge inspiration to Bey, and it’s a long-standing tradition for Hall Famers to receive musical tributes at the ceremony.

Advertisement

https://twitter.com/YeIIowbang/status/957733301824905216

https://twitter.com/Hi_ImBunz/status/957785451942830080

The duo performed on the Grammys stage 10 years ago!

It’s clear the marital issues, which inspired Jay Z’s critically-acclaimed album, is a thing of the past.

Advertisement

The couple stepped out last night for Clive Davis’ pre-Grammys party…

And they looked absolutely smitten.

Related

Advertisement

FREE home delivery every week! Subscribe TODAY