Selma Blair names Sarah Michelle Gellar Cruel Intentions moment her favourite screen kiss Selma Blair has returned former co-star Sarah Michelle Gellar’s compliment by admitting their onscreen smooch ranks as her favourite.

The two actresses shared a passionate lesbian kiss in a famous scene from 1999 teen movie Cruel Intentions - a contemporary adaptation of the 1782 novel by French author Pierre Choderlos de Laclos.

When asked about the celluloid moment by TMZ, Selma said: ‘She’s always my favourite kiss; I love Sarah.'

Scroll down for video

All time favourite: Selma Blair has returned Sarah Michelle Gellar's compliment by admitting their intimate moment in 1999 film Cruel Intentions is her favourite onscreen kiss

With tongue firmly in cheek she added: 'We’re still practicing – every weekend.’

The 42-year-old actress was asked for her stance on the kiss after former Buffy star Sarah, 37, addressed the scene during a US radio interview in October.

Speaking to Kiis FM's Kyle and Jackie O, Sarah - whose previous onscreen kisses have included Ryan Phillippe, Alec Baldwin and real-life husband Freddie Prinze, Jr. - admitted Selma was her best.

Locking lips: Sarah and Selma shared a passionate smooch during the hit film

In the moment: In the hit flick Sarah's cunning character Kathryn attempts to teach Selma's character Cecile how to kiss

Raunchy: The scene quickly became famous among movie fans

During the radio show one cheeky caller asked Sarah who her best on screen kiss has been with.

Without hesitation the blonde beauty picked former co-star Selma Blair, saying: 'that's easy!'

She also mentioned the pair still keep in touch, adding that the 42-year-old raven-haired actress is 'up for a good time' and is a 'fun, good girl.'

Host Jackie O pushed further and asked if Sarah has ever shared a bath with another girl, which led the scream queen to casually respond with: 'sure.'

Chemistry: On Thursday Sarah Michelle Gellar revealed that her favourite on screen kiss has been with Selma Blair

'I also take them with my five-year-old, does that count? In the non-creepy way.'

In the hit flick Sarah's cunning character Kathryn attempts to teach Selma's character Cecile how to kiss.

The duo re-enacted a downplayed version of the smooch when they won the MTV Movie Award for best kiss in 2000.

Friends: The duo re-enacted a downplayed version of the kiss when they won the MTV Movie Award for best kiss in 2000

During the ceremony Sarah thanked Selma for her 'most rewarding kiss on-screen ever.'

Funnily enough the Buffy the Vampire Slayer actress was also meant to have another same sex smooch in the family friendly movie Scooby-Doo.

The 2002 film was originally meant to be raunchier and included a scene were Daphne, played by Sarah, kisses Velma, portrayed by Linda Cardellini.

However once the film steered into a more 'wholesome' direction the scene was cut and never released.

Couple: Sarah shared a kiss with husband Freddie Prinze Jr. in the 2002 flick Scooby-Doo

In the same movie Sarah locked lips with 38-year-old husband Freddie, but it looks like that kiss couldn't compare with Selma's.

The American-born personality also shared multiple pecks with fellow Buffy star and heartthrob David Boreanaz during the supernatural shows lengthy run.

She also performed romantically alongside Ryan Phillippe in I Know What You Did Last Summer and Alec Baldwin in Suburban Girl.

Sarah is currently in Australia as a judge and ambassador for the 2014 Spectacle Wearer Of The Year competition presented by Specsavers.

She tied the knot with Freddie in 2002 and the pair have two children together, a son and daughter.