TLC cut ties with Derick Dillard, Jill Duggar’s husband, over transphobic comments about Jazz Jennings TLC finally revealed that Derick Dillard hasn’t been part of “Counting On” for months after a second set of transphobic comments.

Dillard, the husband of “19 Kids and Counting” and “Counting On” star Jill Duggar, was first accused of bullying Jazz Jennings, the transgender star of “I Am Jazz.”

In August, the 28-year-old missionary called the show an “oxymoron.”

“A ‘reality’ show which follows a non-reality,” he wrote. “‘Transgender’ is a myth. Gender is not fluid; it’s ordained by God.”

The initial backlash didn’t stop Dillard, who doubled down last week.

“I pity Jazz, 4 those who take advantage of him in order 2 promote their agenda, including the parents who allow these kinds of decisions 2 be made by a child,” he tweeted.

Derek Dillard has been cut from TLC after transphobic comments about Jazz Jennings.

“It’s sad that ppl would use a juvenile this way. Again, nothing against him, just unfortunate what’s on tv these days.

“I Am Jazz” follows now-17-year-old Jennings, who was born male and was diagnosed with gender dysphoria at 4 years old.

At 5 years old, Jennings began transitioning to female.

The TLC show, which recently completed its third season, follows her and her family “dealing with typical teen drama through the lens of a transgender youth.”

“Derick I understand that you may think your way is the highway, but I’ll go ahead and say it outright: you are a hateful person. I mean it from the bottom of my heart,” one person responded to Dillard. “You have absolutely no respect for anyone that is not just like you.”

“And I don’t pity Jazz. I pity you for being a hypocrite,” wrote another. “You claim to love everyone, yet you can’t call a transgender female by her correct pronouns.”

In a statement, TLC said Dillard would no longer appear on its shows.

“We want to let our viewers know that Derick Dillard has not participated in ‘Counting On’ for months and the network has no plans to feature him in the future. We want to reiterate that Derick’s personal statements do not reflect the views of the network,” the network said.

“TLC is proud to share the story of Jazz Jennings and her family and will continue to do so.”