Taylor Swift Told Fans Her New Song 'Gorgeous' Is About Joe Alwyn An FBI-level investigation ensues whenever Taylor Swift releases a new song. When "Look What You Made Me Do" came out, fans spent hours decoding the lyrics and writing theories. They did the same for the music video and also for "...Ready for It?," her second promo single, which dropped the next week. There's a lot to unpack with these releases too: Swift is a crafty wordsmith. She has a knack for writing lyrics that seem obvious at first but actually have secret, mysterious meaning.

And the same thing can be said for "Gorgeous," the track she released last night. However, fans won't have to give up their weekends figuring out the subject of this one: Swift already spilled the beans.

Well, she (allegedly) spilled the beans to the 300 fans who attended her Reputation secret listening sessions. One of those lucky Swifties took to Tumblr and wrote, "Basically Taylor made us all promise that if anyone made any accusations of who this song is about, we tell them it is 100 percent about her angel boyfriend of one year. This isn't a secret. She wanted us to tell people." (Swift's been dating actor Joe Alwyn for a year.) See their post for yourself, below:

X content

It's great Swift's being so transparent about "Gorgeous," but, honestly, the lyrics aren't that tough to crack. "You should take it as a compliment / That I got drunk and made fun of the way you talk," she sings at one point. (Alwyn is British.) "And I got a boyfriend, he's older than us / He's in the club doing, I don't know what," she sings again. Alwyn is 26, and the two men who Swift could be referring to as her boyfriend—Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston—are both older than him, though our money's on Harris, considering he's one of the highest-paid DJs in the world. Regardless, it's pretty obvious "Gorgeous" is about Alwyn, but, hey, at least now we know for sure.

Related Stories:

Fans Think Blake Lively's Daughter Is the One Saying 'Gorgeous' in Taylor Swift's New Song

Taylor Swift Just 'Liked' a Bunch of 'Look What You Made Me Do' Posts on Tumblr

Taylor Swift Spent the Weekend Commenting on Her Fans' Instagram Photos