RHONJ Reunion: Teresa Giudice warned about Kim DePaola Teresa Giudice was warned to stay on the couch as Kim DePaola made a surprise appearance on Wednesday on the first part of the RHONJ reunion.

Show host Andy Cohen, 49, surprised the women toward the end of the one-hour episode by revealing Kim was joining them.

'Ugh,' said Melissa Gorga, 38, who previously was the subject of rumors spread by Kim that became the genesis of Strippergate.

Raucous reunion: Teresa Giudice quickly taunted surprise guest Kim DePaola on Wednesday during the first part of the The Real Housewives Of New Jersey reunion show

'I guess they let the animal out of the cage,' said Teresa, 45, who confronted Kim during season eight for spreading rumors that she was cheating on her incarcerated husband Joe.

Teresa was released from federal prison in December 2015 after serving 11 months on federal tax fraud charges and Joe has been behind bars since March 2016.

'Don't get off that couch,' Andy warned her as Kim walked in.

'I thought this was Real Housewives Of New Jersey, not Tales From The Crypt,' Teresa said likening Kim to the puppet Crypt Keeper host of the HBO anthology series.

Clinking sound: Kim mocked Teresa who was released from federal prison in December 2015 by clicking her wrists together as if handcuffed

Sage advice: Reunion host Andy Cohen warned Teresa not to get off the couch after revealing that Kim was joining them

Horror series: Teresa likened Kim to the Crypt Keeper from the HBO horror anthology series Tales From The Crypt

'So funny, Teresa,' Kim said while clapping sarcastically.

'You wanna takes jabs at my f***ing marriage! I'll take f***ing jabs at you!,' Teresa screamed at her.

'You mess with me bitch and you right back to jail,' Kim replied.

Taking jabs: Kim took her own jab at Teresa and warned that she could go back to jail

She clicked her wrists together while adding: 'Clink, clink.'

Teresa slowly stood as the show ended.

The women were all dressed up for the reunion show with Melissa wearing a dress from her Envy boutique.

Popular video: Melissa compared Kim to a ghoul from the Michael Jackson video for Thriller

Together again: Danielle Staub, Margaret Josephs, Teresa, Andy, Melissa, Siggy Flicker and Dolores Catania were back for season eight reunion

Most compliments: The best dressed award seemed to go to Danielle who got the most compliments on her outfit

Margaret Josephs, 50, who lamented losing contact with her stepchildren during the past season was asked if they had reached out since the show.

'No. They know I'm heartbroken,' revealed Margaret who was age 24 when she started raising the children who were ages eight, 14 and 16.

'I love them, they are my whole life,' Margaret said. 'I want to be with them. ...I'd take crumbs.'

The host: Andy relayed questions from viewers to the women

Getting emotional: Margaret got emotional while talking about her stepchildren who stopped speaking to her

The reunion also had another unexpected moment when Ramona Singer, 61, of The Real Housewives Of New York City called Melissa who failed to switch her phone to 'airplane mode'.

Teresa also admitted to banning Melissa from visiting her in prison after previously telling Andy that she wasn't prohibited.

'You lied to me,' Andy said.

Unexpected moment: Ramona Singer from RHONY called Melissa during the reunion show

Lie detector: Andy called out Teresa for previously lying to him about her prison guest list

'We weren't at a good place when I left. I didn't want to make up when I was there,' Teresa explained.

Teresa also looked uncomfortable when Danielle Staub mentioned the bullying her daughters endured after she called her a 'prostitution whore' and supplier of 'daily blow jobs'.

Danielle said her daughter Christine was approached by a boy who 'unzipped his pants and said ''Do what your mom did''.'

Tough moment: Teresa looked uncomfortable as Danielle Staub recounted the bullying her daughters endured after crude remarks were made about her

United front: Danielle, Margaret and Teresa were in agreement on most matters

Good times: Melissa enjoyed a laugh while sitting with Siggy and Dolores

Teresa apologized during the season to Danielle's daughter Jillian, 19, and Danielle during the reunions said her other daughter Christine, 23, was 'coming around' to hearing from her.

Melissa also confronted Siggy over Cake Gate and singled out when Siggy took a poll at a party to shame her.

'This season you came at me hard,' Siggy said.

Poll question: Melissa watched a clip of Siggy taking a poll to humiliate her at a party

Melissa said that Siggy had changed from the previous year and criticized her and Dolores Catania for being friends with Kim.

Siggy said she's known Kim five years longer than Melissa and admitted she may have acted in 'poor taste' when she tried to humiliate her.

'I apologize if you were embarrassed,' Siggy said.

Weak apology: Siggy offered up a weak apology to Melissa

Margaret and Siggy sniped at each other throughout the reunion as they sat on opposite couches.

At one point they launched into attacks on each other's foyers.

'Oh my god,' Melissa said as the entrance hall drama escalated.

A preview of the second and final episode of the reunion showed Teresa getting off the couch while arguing with Kim and Danielle storming off.

Constant sniping: Margaret and Siggy sniped at each other throughout the show