Tamara Mellon's billionaire ex-husband Matthew Mellon has died aged 54 Updated (April 19): The rehab facility has since released a statement to claim that Matthew Mellon died at his hotel room prior to his scheduled check-in at Clear Sky Recovery.



Dr. Alberto Sola, Medical Director of Clear Sky Recovery, said: "Matthew Mellon arrived in Cancun Mexico with his private entourage on Sunday, April 15, 2018. He arrived by private plane and checked into his hotel in Cancun Mexico.

Mr. Mellon was scheduled to check-in at Clear Sky Recovery on Monday April 16, 2018. We received word that he had died at his hotel on the morning of April 16th, prior to his scheduled check-in.

We have no further comment regarding this unfortunate situation."

Original story (April 17): Tamara Mellon's billionaire ex-husband Matthew Mellon has died aged 54 at a rehab facility in Cancun's Mexico, his family's representative has confirmed.

The cryptocurrency banking investor, who had struggled with an addiction to painkillers for some time, was previously married to Jimmy Choo co-founder Tamara, with whom he has a daughter Araminta. The two married in 2000, but divorced in 2005.

What to Read Next

Mellon - heir to one of America's great banking fortunes, and a former chair of the New York Republican Party's finance committee - is also survived by his second wife, designer Nicole Hanley, and their two children Force and Olympia.

Chance Yeh // Getty Images Matthew Mellon with wife Nicole Hanley in 2015

A representative for Mellon's family told The New York Post's Page Six: "Billionaire Matthew Mellon, 53 [he was actually 54], died suddenly in Cancun, Mexico, where he was attending a drug rehabilitation facility. Mellon made his fortune in cryptocurrency, turning a $2 million investment into $1 billion.

"He is survived by his three children, Force, Olympia and Minty. The family asks that their privacy be respected at this very painful time."

Further details of his death have not been released.

Mellon has battled an addiction to Oxycontin, and back in 2016, he told Page Six he was spending $100,000 a month on the pills, taking up to 80 day.

“The doctors kept writing prescriptions like they were Smarties," he told the publication. "It's very irresponsible. OxyContin is like legal heroin. And it needs to be addressed."



Earlier this year, Mellon appeared in Forbes' February edition, speaking about how he made $1 billion from investing in Ripple.

"It's $1 billion virtually for free. I actually have earned it because I was the only person who was willing to raise his hand," Mellon said. "My family thought I was insane, when I knew it was a home run."

