Chanel Iman and Sterling Shepard Are Expecting a Baby Girl Bring on the pink for Chanel Iman and husband Sterling Shepard! The Victoria’s Secret Angel revealed the gender of her baby in a series of adorable Instagram pictures on Saturday, June 23.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2018 A new bundle of joy! Scroll through to see all the cute babies who were born to famous parents in 2018, so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive […]

“It’s a GIRL,” Iman, 27, captioned a sweet pic of her and her beau sitting on a pink couch surrounded by flowers at their baby shower

The model later added a photo of herself with three friends in front of a wall of greenery and flowers that read, “Oh baby!” In the last photo, she couldn’t contain her excitement as she posed alongside a clothesline filled with pink onesies.

Related: Cutest Celebrity Baby Announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

“So ready for this little girl 🍼🎀💗 thank you @cherishep3 @shelby_shep_ @ashleigh_shep for a beautiful baby shower,” she wrote.

Earlier this month, Iman dished to Us Weekly about her rough first few months of pregnancy.

Related: Chanel Iman’s Wedding Album Chanel Iman and New York Giants player Sterling Shepard married in a dreamy wedding ceremony at the Beverly Hills Hotel on Saturday, March 3 — and by the looks it, the celebration was fit for royalty! Brides.com reports exclusively that the bride and groom met underneath an exquisite altar adorned with white flowers after Iman’s […]

“The first trimester was very difficult,” the beauty told Us at the Fragrance Foundation Awards in New York City on June 12. “I really struggled. I was super sick.”

Iman revealed in a May Instagram post that she’s expecting her first child with the New York Giants wide receiver. “Daddy and Mommy can’t wait to meet you,” she captioned a picture of Shepard cradling her baby bump. “As I approach motherhood I want to wish a Happy Mother’s Day to all mothers and mommies to be.”

Iman and Shepard tied the knot on March 3 at the Beverly Hills Hotel in Los Angeles in front of their family and friends. Guests at the wedding included Chrissy Teigen and Gabrielle Union, while model Jourdan Dunn and Giants player Odell Beckham Jr. were members of the bridal party.

The dad-to-be revealed that Iman’s due date is August 19 in an interview with The New York Times earlier this month.