Donald Glover Shares Scrapped 'Deadpool' Script Which Claims Sanaa Lathan Bit Beyonce Donald Glover is not holding back.

The Emmy winner took to Twitter early Wednesday morning to speak out on the news that he and his brother, Stephen Glover, were parting ways with the animated Deadpool series at FXX -- alongside a pretty impressive 15-page script (which appears to have been written just hours before).

The network's parent, FX, announced that the Glover brothers, who were going to executive produce and serve as showrunners on the series, would no longer be involved due to "creative differences." "For the record: i wasn't too busy to work on deadpool," Glover tweeted before sharing the script, which takes a few shots at Marvel, and hilariously pokes fun at the who bit Beyonce mystery (and implies Sanaa Lathan is the culprit).

In Glover's script, Deadpool heads to Africa to protect the world's last male northern white rhinoceros, Sudan. The real Sudan died last week. During his time alone with Sudan, Deapool wonders why his animated series was canceled, asking, "What? The Marvel stuff I said in it? All I said was Marvel was trying to sell toys to seven-year-old boys and 50-year-old pedophiles."

Deadpool continues, confessing that it might not be a good time to have a "violent, gun loving white man ranting on TV." "Do you think they canceled the show...cause of racism?!" he asks. "All the writers were black. And the references were pretty black, too. I heard they went over the lunch budget ordering Jamaican food at least once a week."

"It just feels like everyone wants something different, but no one wants to do anything different to get it. Doesn't Marvel have enough feel-good minority shows everyone supports but doesn't watch?" Deadpool says. "I mean, I think our show woulda been funny. I just wanted a place to be honest. And I guess that place is Freeform."

While speaking with ET last August, Stephen said that the animated Deadpool series would include “some ideas that are too crazy for Atlanta. It will be a good time.”

Read the script below:

See more on Donald Glover in the video below.

RELATED CONTENT: