Robert Pattinson 'splits' with fiancée FKA Twigs as they 'no longer worked as a couple' Robert Pattinson 'splits' with fiancée FKA Twigs as they 'no longer worked as a couple'

The Hollywood heartthrob and the acclaimed singer have been dating since 2014 - and are widely rumoured to be engaged

(Image: Splash)

They've kept their relationship firmly under wraps bar a few red carpet outings together.

‌



But it seems that even keeping their romance private hasn't been able to help Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs navigate the perilous path of love, as the couple are reported to have split.

‌



The 31-year-old Twilight heartthrob and the Two Weeks singer, 29, are said to have called time on their three year realtionship as they "no longer worked as a couple".

‌



It seems that even keeping their romance private hasn't been able to help Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs navigate the perilous path of love, as the couple are reported to have split (Image: WireImage)

According to The Sun , The Lost City of Z star felt that the relationship had become too "tough" after they found themselves drifting apart.

“They were almost inseparable for their first two years together," an insider told the newspaper. "But in recent months they have really started to drift apart and have been spending less and less time together."

‌



The source added that it was the London-born actor who had taken the decision to call an end to their reported engagement.

The 31-year-old Twilight heartthrob and the Two Weeks singer, 29, are said to have called time on their three year realtionship as they "no longer worked as a couple" (Image: ABC)

8th Annual GO Campaign Gala (Image: Splash)

‌



Robert Pattinson reveals the EXTRAORDINARY steps he took to avoid being followed during his Twilight days READ MORE :

"Rob is tired of it, has called off their engagement and told friends they have split. With so much ­history between them, though, there are still strong feelings there," they explained.

“It’s a difficult situation but things have become tough between them for some time and they both know they were no longer working as a couple.”

Mirror Online has contacted representatives of both Robert and Twigs for comment.

‌



In 2015 they were rumoured to have got engaged, though neither has commented publicly on the prospect of them tying the knot (Image: Splash) Prior to his relationship with the acclaimed British songstress Robert dated fellow Twilight star Kristen Stewart (Image: Getty)

The couple first sparked romance rumours back in 2014, before they became an official item in September of that year.

Article continues below

Later on in 2015 they were rumoured to have got engaged, though neither has commented publicly on the prospect of them tying the knot.

Prior to his relationship with the acclaimed British songstress Robert dated fellow Twilight star Kristen Stewart.