Chris Evans awkwardly shakes hands with ex Jenny Slate They say it is cathartic to wipe the Slate clean.

So no doubt Chris Evans enjoyed every moment as he shook hands with ex girlfriend Jenny at the premiere of Gifted in Los Angeles on Tuesday.

The Captain America beefcake partook in the awkward moment with his former lover after they bumped into each other on the red carpet.

Giving him a shake: Jenny Slate shared an awkward greeting with ex lover Chris Evans at the premiere of Gifted in Los Angeles on Tuesday

Jenny, who has insisted they are 'not on bad terms' despite the fact they 'threw down pretty hard' wore a distinctly chilly expression on her face as she cuddled up to her former lover for a photograph following their polite greeting.

By way of contrast, Chris, 35, looked rather satisfied with himself as showed off his stylish bespoke suit, shirt, tie and leather shoes.

The movie hunk has said he is 'endlessly grateful' for having met his 35-year-old co-star, despite their breakup in February.

They are the main stars in Gifted, which tells the thrilling story of a little girl who has a talent for mathematics - so talented she magically masters advanced calculus without tuition.

The romance between the comedic actress and Fantastic Four favourite star lasted just nine months. They started dating soon after she broke up with her husband last May.

Cackling couple: The dynamic duo shared a joke as they posed for the press

The mask slips: But it was not long before she was looking gloomy as she posed with her former lover following their 'pretty hard' breakup

(Almost) A memorable year: The movie beauty ended up dating the star for just nine months

Evans told USA Today she is 'an incredible human being' and 'a very, very special person.'

He also told People 'she's my favorite human,' before gushing: 'She's so vulnerable, so honest, so interested in other people more than herself, she's incredibly compassionate, there's just nothing to not love about her.

Chris and Jenny played each other's love interests in the upcoming film Gifted, and eventually became romantically involved in real life.

It was a relationship that even took Jenny, who started dating the beefcake after splitting from husband Dean Fleischer-Camp, by surprise.

That's better: They seemed far chirpier when they posed separately on the red carpet

Webb of intrigue: Director Mark looked gripped as he watched the former lovers interacting

She said: 'To be quite honest, I didn't think I was his type,' a reflection that proved to be uncannily accurate.

She added: 'Eventually, when it was like, ''Oh, you have these feelings for me?,'' I was looking around like, ''Is this a prank?''

The modest actress added: 'I understand why - I think I'm beautiful - but if you've had a certain lifestyle and I'm a very, very different type of person — I don't want to be an experiment.'

But she insisted it was not just his rippling muscles and good looks that attracted her interest.

Pound-for-pound princess: Little McKenna Grace plays the main character in the film

Just the beginning: No doubt Jenny and Chris cannot wait to promote the film together

At last: Once they made it inside the exes stood far apart as Mark introduced the movie

Good Evans: Chris made Octavio cackle with glee as he larked around with McKenzie

Jenny said: 'What's the same about us is not just that we're from Massachusetts, which was such a delight, but Chris is truly one of the kindest people I've ever met, to the point where sometimes I would look at him and it would kind of break my heart. He's really vulnerable, and he's really straightforward.

'He's like primary colors. He has beautiful, big, strong emotions, and he's really sure of them. It's just wonderful to be around. His heart is probably golden-colored, if you could paint it.'

Indeed it sounds like he has the sort of simplistic nature that makes him the perfect person to play a comic book character.

C'mere you: Jenny accosted her ex at the after party so they could share a hug

Flame on? The Fantastic Four star and his former lover shared a tight embrace

Oh dear: But Chris was once again looking rather awkward after they got up close and personal

And it seems like there was trouble in paradise, as in February it emerged Jenny and Chris had split after dating for nearly a year.

She said: 'We're not on bad terms, but we haven't really seen each other, spoken a lot.

'I think it's probably best. I'd love to be his friend one day, but we threw down pretty hard. No regrets, though. Ever.'

The dynamic duo's chemistry will be there for all to see when Gifted opens at cinemas around the country on Friday.