Kendra Wilkinson debuts new brunette look... three weeks after filing for divorce from Hank Baskett Kendra Wilkinson is a brunette.

The 32-year-old revealed her new dark brown locks after visiting a West Hollywood salon on Thursday.

'Been wanting to experiment like this for a long time n here it is,' she wrote about her hair color change on Instagram and flaunted the sexy new do.

Scroll down for video

New do: Kendra Wilkinson revealed a new brunette look on Thursday

She added: 'So excited for this change but I’ll always stay true to my roots.'

Ever since first meeting Hugh Hefner in 2004, the model has been instantly recognizable from her platinum blonde tresses.

There's been plenty of change for the former playboy star this month, not least of all her announced split from husband Hank Baskett.

'Today is the last day of my marriage to this beautiful man,' she confirmed in an emotional Instagram post.

Wow: The 32-year-old showed off her new tresses after leaving the salon in West Hollywood

'I will forever love Hank and be open but for now we have chosen to go our own ways. I'm beyond sad and heartbroken because i did believe in forever, that's why I said yes but unfortunately too much fear has gotten in the way.

'We are both amazing parents and our kids will be happy n never know the difference other than seeing mama smile.

'Sometimes love looks funny. We are told to make sacrifices in life if it's true love well in this case it's me. I want to see happy Hank again... I miss that.

Stunning: She looked incredible with the darker hair; she rocked a pink bodysuit with ripped denim bottoms

Showcase: Kendra stepped out wearing her new do on Thursday

Sexy: She rocked a tight pink top and jeans

Rocking it: The model was obviously confident in her new shade

‹ Slide me › Old look: The reality star has been blonde forever

'Marriage was just a piece of paper and a piece of jewelry but our hearts will always be real.

'U will prob see us together a lot but it's because there's no hate. Love wins in this case it's just looks a little funny. Thank you Hank for a beautiful 8 years of marriage and 2 beautiful kids. I feel so thankful and blessed. (sic)'

The reality star had previously spoken about her marital problems, and made no secret of the fact the pair were struggling in their relationship.

The two married in 2009 at the Playboy mansion with Hugh Hefner in attendance. They have two children together: Hank Jr, eight, and Alijah, three.

Throwback: Ever since first meeting Hugh Hefner in 2004, the model has been instantly recognizable from her platinum blonde tresses (pictured 2006)

All change: There's been plenty of change for the former playboy star this month, not least of all her announced split from husband Hank Baskett

Beautiful: The star revealed her new dark brown locks on Instagram

She added: 'So excited for this change but I’ll always stay true to my roots'