Bethenny Frankel tried to quit RHONY over feud with Carole Radziwill Bethenny Frankel has become persona non grata among her fellow Real Housewives of New York castmates: The other women have had 'enough of her,' sources tell DailyMail.com.

The ill will began when Frankel found herself at odds with Carole Radziwill, 54, who snapped at the 47-year-old: 'Every time we’re together, you’re aggressive with me'.

The other women piled on, leaving Frankel fuming.

She promptly made calls to heads of production and tried to resign from the hit reality show, but was forced to keep filming.

However, her costars wish she was gone, according to production sources.

An insider told DailyMail.com: 'They feel they'd all be better off without her as she's no longer the funny, smart girl next door that everyone liked.

'She's become mean and entitled and she belittles the other women as well as the crew.'

Scroll down for video

Bethenny Frankel, 47, is on the outs with her Real Housewives of New York castmates. Things kicked off when Carole Radziwill, 54, snapped at her: 'Every time we’re together, you’re aggressive with me'. Pictured: The costars in September 2016

When Carole Radziwill told Frankel (pictured last month) that she wanted a break from their friendship, the businesswoman tried to quit the show, but was forced to keep filming

The source continued: 'It all began with Carole calling time on their friendship. She'd had enough of being perceived as Bethenny's puppet and she said enough was enough.

'They had multiple arguments over the period of filming, the worst when they filmed in the Berkshires.

'Carole and Bethenny once did everything together, now Carole wants nothing to do with her.

'Bethenny freaked out and couldn't handle that Carole was calling her out on her BS. Then the other women started telling her they'd had enough.

'This set Bethenny over the edge that she called the heads of production and tried to resign. It didn't work and she was forced to keep filming.'

A source close to Frankel shot back: 'It would take a lot more than Carole Radziwill for Bethenny to resign from the show.'

Both a spokesperson for Bravo and Frankel denied that the petite brunette attempted to quit the show, adding there was 'no truth' to the 'ridiculous' claim.

Production and the cast also grew frustrated with Bethenny slacking off during the season.

A source complained: 'Here is the highest paid cast member constantly saying she is unavailable or too busy and then we see her on yet another vacation or out at her Hamptons home.

'It's beyond frustrating and a slap in the face to the other women who always make themselves available to film - as it is their job!

'She doesn't even do it on the down-low - she blatantly does it without a care in the world. Her Instagram story is an F-U to everyone who is doing their job. Yet when she is called on her behavior she freaks out and can’t take it.'

A source said: 'Carole wants nothing to do with her. Bethenny freaked out and couldn't handle that Carole was calling her out on her BS. Then the other women started telling her they'd had enough.' Pictured: Carole and Bethenny fighting on a promo for the show

The RHONY women piled in on Radziwill's complaints and are reportedly tired of Frankel's 'mean and entitled' attitude

Although Frankel may be on the outs with her fellow costars, she hasn't lost friend Sonja Morgan over the tensions, although the two were on rocky terms themselves just a few years ago.

A source said: 'Only a couple of seasons ago [Bethenny] was ripping [Sonja] apart when Sonja attempted to launch Tipsy Girl prosecco. Bethenny was furious about as it was too close to her Skinny Girl brand.'

Problems for Frankel aren't just limited to her on-camera friends, but behind the scenes as well.

Crew and production members are at their wits end with the reality star.

The production source offered: 'On a trip to Puerto Rico, where she attempts to position herself as the second coming of Mother Teresa, Bethenny was downright mean to the production crew and threatened to have one of the crew members fired for getting lost during production.

'It was shocking how she treated this crew member.

'This person was legitimately lost on an island without power and cell service - and Bethenny lost her mind, screaming at them and threatening to end their career. It was horrible.

'The team behind the show were amused that when the camera was turned on Bethenny was all 'namaste' and charitable and soon as the camera was switched off she'd be yelling at the crew, telling them they couldn't break for lunch and just generally making a difficult trip to a disaster zone even worse.'

Frankel isn't just facing tensions with her costars, but as well as the show's crew. During her relief effort trip to Puerto Rico (pictured), Frankel 'was downright mean', yelled at crew members and denied them their lunch break

They added: 'It was hell. Imagine you lose everything and then Bethenny Frankel shows up with a camera crew. Talk about a nightmare.'

A source close to Bethenny dished: 'She sent over 50 planes in to help with relief as well as raising approximately $50 million. She never even interacted with the crew.

'She was spending her time and efforts trying to help the people of Puerto Rico and running door to door distributing over a million dollars in cash cards.'

The past few months haven't been smooth sailing for the petite brunette.

In February, the RHONY cast, including Frankel, was left traumatized on a hellish cruise through the seas of Colombia.

The boat's engine became engulfed in flames and the craft started to sink in already turbulent water, leaving the cast panicking, sobbing and even throwing up.

A picture - showing Ramona Singer and Dorinda Medley - surfaced of the women looking worse for wear at an airport shortly after, with Singer lounging in a wheelchair.