Jennifer Garner’s Airport Style Is Equal Parts Comfortable & Sleek Jennifer Garner is proof that comfort and style aren't mutually exclusive. The mom of three has made cozy-yet-fashionable her signature look, as evident by the perfect ensemble she just pulled together at Los Angeles International Airport on Wed. afternoon. Jennifer Garner's airport style is about to serve as some serious inspiration for your next getaway (reminder: holiday season is on the horizon).

Choosing a travel outfit that's comfortable but not sloppy is no easy feat — take it from celebrities, whose airport appearances are broadcasted constantly. This holiday season, you'll want to dress cozy enough for the cabin, but still stylish enough to face friends and family confidently on arrival — and for that, you'll need an ensemble like Garner's.

On Weds., the 46-year-old dressed for LAX like a pro in a chocolate-colored knit turtleneck and a wool-and-cashmere cropped gray coat. Garner's double-breasted Khaite Carlotta jacket was a stylish warm layer for perpetually frigid plane rides and loose fitting enough to move around in. The Camping actor paired her basic skinny jeans with minimalistic black-leather loafers, which she wore earlier in the day sans socks.

Garner carried a mid-sized black-leather tote, the ideal carry-on, and wore her hair half-up, a style that keeps wispy flyaways out of your face but still looks refined.

SMXRF/Star Max/GC Images

Get The Look

Other celebrities like to elevate their travel looks a little more. Priyanka Chopra, for instance, recently wore high-waisted baby-blue cargo pants tucked into white Fendi cowboy boots to the airport, and Tiffany Haddish sported a geometric jumper with a leather jacket and furry slipper-style flats at LAX the same day. Garner, however, proves the classic jeans-and-a-top formula should never be underestimated.

Garner's airport style is just a facet of her go-to off-duty looks — the actor lives in her favorite Mother brand jeans and basic knit sweaters. The secret to Garner's LAX ensemble rests on her layering of polished basics. The actor could have sported a sloppy sweatshirt but reached for a sleek-yet-moveable turtleneck instead.

When putting together your in-flight outfits this season, opt for a favorite pair of denim and sophisticated knits that you can also move around in. Layer an elegant coat over it for both function and fashion. No need to wear heels on the plane, but a classic mule or comfortable fall bootie certainly trumps a tennis shoe. Elevate your own travel outfits with The Zoe Report's Garner-inspired picks, ahead.

Shop The Look