Meghan Markle's father won't attend royal wedding Meghan Markle's father Thomas Markle (pictured on Thursday last week) has once again pulled out of his daughter's big day

Meghan Markle's father won't attend her wedding to Prince Harry in three days' time because he needs to have major heart surgery today, it has been claimed.

Thomas Markle, 73, who lives in Mexico, revealed that doctors will 'go in and clear blockage, repair damage, and put a stent where it is needed' during the operation, which will take place at 3.30pm UK time.

Mr Markle is thought to have previously stayed at General Hospital in Rosarito, the town where he lives, but it is unclear where today's operation will take place.

Free public healthcare is provided in Mexico, as opposed to the US where it is administered by private institutions.

The retired lighting director believes his heart attack was triggered by an open letter his son, Thomas Jr, wrote trying to convince Harry not to marry Meghan.

Meanwhile it was claimed today that the relationship between Meghan's parents has been strained further after the fallout over the paparazzi photos.

A source told The Sun Online: 'Thomas and Doria are currently barely speaking to one another.

'He is trying to make peace after everything that has happened. Their relationship had been hanging by a thread for months before the staged photo scandals.

The surgery is the latest twist surrounding Mr Markle's attendance at Meghan's wedding

Mr Markle revealed he believes his heart attack was triggered by an open letter his son, Thomas Jr (pictured), wrote to Prince Harry trying to convince him not to marry Meghan

'He had told friends that he wanted to come with the peace gesture for an appeasement before the wedding and his daughter's big day, but his recent actions have crushed that.'

The revelation over surgery was the latest twist on a rollercoaster of speculation surrounding whether Mr Markle would attend Saturday's royal wedding at Windsor Castle in Berkshire.

It came just hours after Meghan seemed to have convinced her father to change his mind and walk her down the aisle.

He pulled out on Monday, saying he didn't want to further embarrass his daughter after The Mail On Sunday revealed he had staged paparazzi photos for money.

But yesterday it seemed he had backtracked on his decision after the bride-to-be pleaded with him to come to England for the big day in Berkshire.

He told TMZ that Meghan tried calling him on Monday, but he wasn't near his phone. She later sent a text saying she loved him and was concerned about his health.

Meghan, pictured with Harry on April 25, pleaded with her father to walk her down the aisle

Mr Markle has said he believed his ex-wife Doria Ragland would be a 'good choice' to give their daughter away at St George's Chapel, Windsor. Pictured: Doria with Meghan in March 2015

'I hate the idea of missing one of the greatest moments in history and walking my daughter down the aisle,' Mr Markle said yesterday. 'Of course I'd walk her down the aisle. This is a historic moment. I'd like to be a part of history.'

Mr Markle, who had a heart attack a week ago, returned to the hospital yesterday after having chest pains. He said a series of tests found that the heart attack had done 'significant damage' and revealed he needed immediate surgery.

Mr Markle also blamed his recent health troubles on his son Thomas, who told Harry that marrying Meghan would be the 'biggest mistake in royal wedding history'.

'It's not too late, Meghan Markle is obviously not the right woman for you,' Thomas's letter, shared with InTouch, reads. 'I'm confused why you don't see the real Meghan that the whole world now sees.'

Thomas went on to call his half-sister a 'jaded, shallow, conceited woman, that will make a fool of you and the royal family heritage'.

Just a week later, in another open letter, Thomas apologised for his words and begged Meghan to invite him to her wedding.

Queen Elizabeth II talks with Major Peter Norton GC at a reception for the living recipients of the Victoria and George Cross medals, at Buckingham Palace in London today

Mr Markle said that he did not want to embarrass his daughter (pictured together, circa 2000)

Asked what the Queen (pictured yesterday at Buckingham Palace) thought about his money grab, Mr Markle laughed and said: 'I don't think the Queen is thinking about what I'm doing'

But when it came to her father, Mr Markle revealed that Meghan held no hard feelings against him for setting up paparazzi photos for money.

When asked what the Queen thought about his money grab, Mr Markle laughed and said: 'I don't think the Queen is thinking about what I'm doing.'

Who will give Meghan away if her father isn't cleared by doctors? Doria Ragland - 4/6 Prince Charles - 2/1 Prince William - 5/1 Meghan Walks Solo down the Aisle 5/1 Thomas Markle 10/1 Gabriel Macht 14/1 Prince Philip 20/1 Prince Harry 33/1 Kate Middleton 100/1

Mr Markle said although he doesn't believe faking the 'hammy' photos was that serious, he admitted it was a 'stupid' decision.

He also blasted his eldest daughter Samantha Markle, who revealed she convinced Mr Markle to set up the photos.

Mr Markle said Samantha has no real relationship with Meghan, and knows nothing of her relationship with Harry.

Before changing his mind, Mr Markle said he believed his ex-wife Doria Ragland would be a 'good choice' to give their daughter away at St George's Chapel, where the wedding is being held in the grounds of Windsor Castle.

Miss Ragland is flying into the UK from Los Angeles to support her daughter and would be the clear favourite to walk her down the aisle if Mr Markle is not cleared by doctors to fly.

Prince Charles is 2/1 with the bookies to step in, while Prince William is 5/1 to take Meghan into St George's Chapel before starting his duties as Harry's best man.

There have also been a flurry of bets on Meghan walking down the aisle alone. On Monday night, Mr Markle told TMZ that Miss Ragland should be the person to do it.

Mr Markle's ex-wife Doria Ragland is expected to meet Prince Charles and Camilla (pictured at a service at St Martin-in-the-Fields for the Victoria Cross and George Cross Society yesterday)

Doria Ragland (left, with her daughter in Toronto in September 2017) has been keeping a low profile ahead of Prince Harry and Meghan's wedding (the couple, pictured right on April 23)

Miss Ragland has been keeping a low profile in recent weeks ahead of Saturday's nuptials, and has been photographed out and about near her home in Los Angeles.

So far there has been no official announcement on who will now be walking Meghan down the aisle.

But according to TMZ, Mr Markle believes Miss Ragland, who has a close relationship with her daughter, should now be the one to give her away if he can not make it.

The yoga instructor and social worker has been described by Meghan as a 'free spirited clinical therapist' and she has been seen alongside Meghan at a number of public events.

Harry, who has described her as 'amazing', flew Miss Ragland out to Toronto to join Meghan and himself at the Invictus Games last year.

Royal experts said at the time that Harry's decision to invite Meghan's mother to join them at the closing ceremony of the tournament was 'hugely significant'.

Miss Ragland was already expected to have an 'important role' during the ceremony. It is thought she will ride with Meghan in the car to the chapel to Windsor Castle.

She is also expected to meet the Queen, Prince Philip, Prince Charles and Camilla and Prince William and his wife, Kate, before the big day.

The 73-year-old said Meghan tried calling him on Monday, but he wasn't near his phone. She later sent a text saying she loved him and was concerned about his health. Pictured: The father and daughter in her teenage years

Thomas Markle is seen on surveillance video entering an internet cafe with photographer Jeff Rayner to set up staged photos

A friend of Meghan and Harry's told the Mail that she was standing by her father and pleaded for understanding, saying he was 'not in a good place'.

Meghan wouldn't be the first to be given away by a woman at a royal wedding If Meghan Markle's mother does walk her down the aisle it won't be the first time it has happened. Queen Victoria gave away her youngest child Princess Beatrice at St Mildred's Church, Whippingham on the Isle of Wight in 1885. She wore black to remember her husband Prince Albert who had died 24 years earlier, although her outfit is believed to have been encrusted with diamonds. Royal historian Victoria Howard told the BBC: 'I think it would be a lovely touch for Meghan's mother Doria to walk her down the aisle. 'It would be unusual but it wouldn't be an unprecedented move. Queen Victoria walked two of her daughters down the aisle'.

The friend said: 'This is not what she wants. She obviously wants her dad there. And the idea of contemplating him not being there now is not something that she wants to have to do.

'She and Prince Harry are begging for people to give him some space. They have been saying this for weeks, while trying to offer him support and help.

'He is clearly feeling under immense pressure. The concern for him is real and genuine. He is a proud man who wants to be a father and not be taken care of, but it's quite difficult.

'Everyone needs to pause and think what this is doing to them and, more importantly, to him. It is a really worrying, scary situation. The couple have been doing everything they can to help him.'

Harry, 33, is said to be distraught and could try to get Mr Markle to change his mind.

The friend said: 'Harry feels guilty that this has happened to someone he loves because they are in a relationship with him.

'He is devastated. He feels like this is another thing in the wake of him... the problems he causes. He feels that anyone who gets associated with his life – this is the price they have to pay.

'He wants to protect her and this is really difficult for him to swallow.'

Meghan will now be accompanied by only mother at the wedding (Doria Ragland with Prince Harry and Meghan in September)

The couple issued an unprecedented official statement through Kensington Palace in the wake of the crisis.

A spokesman said: 'This is a deeply personal moment for Ms Markle in the days before her wedding. She and Prince Harry ask again for understanding and respect to be extended to Mr Markle in this difficult situation.'

US gossip website TMZ claimed to have spoken 'on the record' to Miss Markle's father, who confirmed he had worked with the freelance photographer to set up images of him being measured for his wedding suit and searching online for articles about his daughter.

He said he did it to 'rehabilitate' his image but had been left looking 'stupid and hammy' – and would not be travelling to the UK to give her away in order to spare her further embarrassment.

Kensington Palace was clearly broadsided by the claims as aides had insisted on Sunday that Mr Markle would be by his daughter's side at Windsor Castle this weekend.

TMZ further claimed that Mr Markle – a former award-winning Hollywood lighting director who lives a reclusive life in Mexico and has yet to meet his future son-in-law – confirmed he had been offered money by US-based freelance photographer Jeff Rayner.

Thomas Jr previously told DailyMail.com his father was 'struggling' ahead of the wedding

Thomas Markle admitted to staging paparazzi photos (pictured) with an agency for money

But he insisted the 'deal' was not 'principally' about money. Instead, he wanted to 'rehabilitate' his image after pictures had been published of him looking overweight and dishevelled.

HOW MEGHAN'S BIG DAY WAS UPENDED: TIMELINE TO THOMAS MARKLE'S DECISION TO STAY AWAY TUESDAY MAY 8: On Monday May 14, Thomas Markle Sr claims he suffered a heart attack six days ago - making it either Tuesday or Wednesday May 8 or 9. He claims he checked himself out of hospital in order to attend the royal wedding. Markle Sr was at his home from Sunday 7 onwards and was not seen leaving it at any time WEDNESDAY MAY 9: Markle leaves his Mexican home at 8.30pm. He checks into the Rodeway Inn in San Ysidro, just across the U.S. border, and shops at a nearby 7-11. He is seen purchasing Gas X medication, a milkshake and a bottle of Heineken THURSDAY MAY 10: At 4.10am Markle drives 135 miles to his property in Los Feliz. He picks up mail at UPS before stopping in to CVS to buy his former wife Doria Ragland, Meghan’s mother, a card and returning home. He is later photographed purchasing two Happy Meals and a creamy drink at a McDonalds drive-thru. He also bought a large pot of flowers for his estranged wife from a Home Depot Later that afternoon, he is pictured dropping off the flowers and card at Doria Ragland's home. He is then pictured picking up KFC close to the Mexico border as he returns to his Mexico home FRIDAY MAY 11: Markle remains in his Mexico home SATURDAY MAY 12: Markle remains in his Mexico home SUNDAY MAY 13: The Mail on Sunday reveals that Markle has been staging paparazzi photos of himself in the run up to the royal wedding - the photos have raised north of $110,000. Markle remains in his Mexico home MONDAY May 14: Markle announces he will not attend his daughter's wedding or walk her down the aisle. According to TMZ, he admitted to staging paparazzi photos in the run up to the wedding. Sources say Kensington Palace was blindsided by the decision. In a statement they say is is a deeply personal matter for Ms Markle

The website wrote: 'He says since his daughter started dating Prince Harry he's been offered anywhere between $50,000 and $100,000 for interviews and he's turned all of them down.

'Thomas says the paparazzi agency approached him, offered him money – though nowhere near the reported $100,000 – and he figured there was no harm in it and it would help recast his image.

'He admits the pics look 'stupid and hammy'. He says he was just going along with the paparazzi agency, which he now deeply regrets.'

The website continued: 'Meghan's father will not be walking her down the aisle on Saturday... he isn't going to the wedding at all because of the fallout over selling photos of himself.'

Mr Markle also told the website that he had suffered a heart attack six days ago but checked himself out of the hospital so he could attend the wedding.

There was no independent confirmation that Mr Markle had been ill, however.

Indeed, last week he was seen leaving his home in the beachside community of Rosarito, Mexico, and driving to San Diego, just over the US border.

According to reports, he stopped for a few hours' sleep and then carried onto LA where he was photographed putting a pot of flowers on the doorstep of his ex-wife, Miss Ragland.

To add to the confusion, Mr Markle's daughter - Meghan's estranged half-sister Samantha - claimed that she was 'the culprit' behind the humiliating photograph debacle.

In a bizarre intervention, Samantha said she had advised her father to co-operate with the photographer to show himself – and, strangely, the Royal Family – in a 'positive' light. She also insisted his motive hadn't been money.

One source told the Mail that Mr Markle was 'very unwell', adding: 'He is under significant stress.

'There is genuine concern about his safety. His health and safety are paramount [to Meghan]. He is under a huge amount of pressure.'

If Miss Markle's father is not at the wedding, it is believed Miss Ragland will walk her down the aisle.

Revealed: The 4 procedures Meghan Markle's father could undergo following his heart attack and why they will prevent him from giving his daughter away By Alexandra Thompson, Health Reporter For MailOnline Meghan Markle's father has confirmed he will not attend her wedding to Prince Harry in three days time after suffering a heart attack last week. Thomas Markle, 73, is due to have an operation at 3.30pm UK time today to 'go in and clear blockage, repair damage, and put a stent where it is needed', he is reported to have said. It is unclear where Mr Markle, who lives in Mexico, will have the procedure, however, heart attacks are treated using the same procedures throughout North America and in the UK. Mr Markle was admitted to hospital yesterday after suffering severe chest pains, with tests confirming the heart attack did 'significant damage' and requires immediate surgery. Despite Meghan reportedly working hard to convince her father to walk her down the aisle, the retired lighting director is not expected to be in a fit enough state to travel across the Atlantic to Windsor after a major operation. Mr Markle claims his heart attack was triggered by an open letter his son Thomas Jr wrote to Prince Harry saying marrying Meghan would be the 'biggest mistake in royal wedding history'. Although it is unclear exactly what his surgery will involve, the MailOnline has rounded up the most common heart-attack operations and when Mr Markle may be able to congratulate his newly-married daughter in person. Angioplasty What is it? An angioplasty involves making a small incision in a patient's arm or leg, through which a wire with an attached deflated balloon is thread through up to the coronary arteries. The balloon is then inflated to widen areas where blood flow to the heart muscle has been reduced or cut off by plaque build up. In some cases wires with laser tips are inserted to break up plaque. The balloon may also have a sharp rotating edge to cut away cholesterol build up. What does it do? Angioplasties open blocked arteries, which restores normal blood flow to the heart. This reduces chest pain and allows people to exercise if they were left immobile by their angina. Angioplasties also reduce patients' risk of suffering a heart attack. How long is the recovery? And what are the risks? For patients being treated for chest pain, most are usually able to go home the same day of the operation. They should avoid strenuous activities and driving for at least a a week. Heart-attack patients may need to stay in hospital for several days after their angioplasties. Angioplasties are considered relatively non-invasive due to them only requiring a small incision in the arm or leg. The procedure generally lasts between 30 minutes and one hour. Risks depending on people's age and overall health but may include excessive bleeding, heart attacks and stroke. An angioplasty involves inserting a wire with an attached deflated balloon through an artery in a patient's arm, which is then thread up to the heart. The balloon expands and opens the artery Stent placement What is it? A stent is a wire mesh tube that props open arteries during an angioplasty. It surrounds the deflated balloon and expands with it when the balloon is inflated. After the balloon has been deflated and removed, the stent stays in the artery permanently. The recovery process and risks are the same as they are for angioplasties. What does it do? Stents hold arteries open to help improve blood flow to the heart and relieve chest pain. Stent placements are inserted in the same way as angioplasties but involve a wire mesh around the balloon. Once the balloon is removed, the stent remains to keep the artery open Bypass What is it? Bypass surgery involves taking arteries or veins from other parts of the body and using them to reroute blood around the clogged artery. Depending on how narrowed people's arteries are, some patients may require several bypass grafts. In some cases, small incisions are made in the chest, through which arteries or veins from the leg are attached to the heart. This requires the heart to be stopped, with blood being pumped through an oxygenator, which is also known as a 'heart-lung' machine. What does it do? Bypasses are one of the most effective ways to restore blocked blood supplies to the heart. As well as improving blood and oxygen supplies to the organ, the procedure relieves chest pain, reduces the risk of a heart attack and often allows patients to be more mobile. How long is the recovery? Most patients need to stay in hospital for at least a week after having a coronary artery bypass. Patients are generally able to sit in a chair after one day, walk after three and use stairs after six. It takes around six weeks before people can resume their normal daily activities, such as working and driving, and three months before they make a full recovery. What are the risks? Up to one in every three patients will suffer an irregular or abnormally fast heart rate, which is usually not serious and treatable with medication. Around one in 25 develop infections at the site of the incision on the chest, arms or legs. Reduced kidney function affects less than one in 20, which is typically just temporary and resolves within a few weeks. Brain-related problems may also occur, which can affect people's abilities to concentrate. Although this can be permanent, it usually improves after a few months. Due to the heart and coronary arteries being vulnerable after a bypass, up to 10 per cent of patients suffer a heart attack within 30 days of the surgery. Risks depend on a patient's age, overall health, weight and the number of vessels grafted. Bypass surgery involves taking arteries or veins from other parts of the body and using them to reroute blood around the clogged artery. Some patients may require several grafts Heart transplant What is it? Heart transplants involve removing diseased organs and replacing them with a healthy donated heart from someone who has recently died. They are considered in patients with severe heart failure who have not responded to medication. This may include those with coronary heart disease, birth defects that affect the heart or abnormally large or shaped hearts that have become stiff. Heart transplants involve a cut being made in the middle of the chest while a patient is under general anaesthetic. Once the diseased heart is removed, the donor organ is connected to the main arteries and veins, and should begin beating normally. What does it do? Such procedures have been proven to restore heart health in patients with irreversible damage. Heart transplant can be life saving in patients whose organs no longer worked efficiently. How long is the recovery? Most patients stay in hospital for between two and three weeks after a heart transplant. It can take several months before they can return to their normal activities. Patients are required to take immune-system suppressing drugs for the rest of their lives to reduce the risk of their bodies rejecting the donated organ. They also require regular check ups with heart specialists. What are the risks? One of the most common complications is the donor heart being rejected, which occurs when the immune system recognises the organ as foreign and attacks it. Taking immunosuppressants to reduce the risk of rejection can cause side effects such as infections, weight gain and high blood pressure. In up to 10 per cent of surgeries, the heart transplant does not work properly, which can be lift threatening and requires medications, ventilators and bypass machines to keep circulation going. If the donated heart's function does not improve, a second transplant may be required. Narrowed and hardened arteries are common after a heart transplant. They tend to occur several years after the operation. These can restrict the heart's blood supply, leading to attacks and even failure. Medications can prevent this. Heart transplants involve removing diseased organs and replacing them with a healthy donated heart from someone who has recently died. This is done in severe heart failure (stock)

Piers Morgan brands Meghan Markle's half-sister a 'little vulture' after she took the blame for her father's staged paparazzi photos - as she says she hopes he will still go to royal wedding

Piers Morgan has called Meghan Markle's estranged half-sister a 'little vulture' and accused her grabbing money by 'trashing' the Suits star for years.

Samantha Markle appeared on Good Morning Britain and was accused of 'trading off her very tenuous connection' with Meghan, who she hasn't seen for ten years.

In an explosive exchange Mr Morgan asked her: 'How much money have you made from trashing Meghan Markle? to which Samantha replied: 'Not very much'.

Ms Markle said she had encouraged her father to do a deal with paparazzi claiming he had been treated 'shabbily' by the media.

But Piers went on the offensive and said: 'There's no bigger media vulture in this wedding than you. You are doing a book called the 'Diary of princess pushy's sister'.

Samantha replied that a 'book cannot be judged by its cover or by its title'.

Piers Morgan called Meghan Markle's estranged half-sister Samantha (right) a 'little vulture' and accused her grabbing money by trashing the Suits star for years

Samantha Markle, pictured with her famous half-sister in 2008, has said it's her fault their father agreed to appear in staged photos on the eve of the royal wedding

She also confirmed that her father has pulled out of Saturday's wedding but she hopes he will change his mind.

She said: 'I spoke to him early in the morning and he was quite depressed'.

When asked if he might change his mind she said: 'I hope so. I wanted to see him go [to the wedding].

'I don't know as of today what his plans are but I want him to go. Clearly the priority is whether it's safe for him to do that.'

Yesterday the sister claimed she was 'the culprit' behind the embarrassing 'faked' photographs of their father taken in the run-up to this week's royal wedding.

Samantha, Thomas Markle's daughter by his first marriage, said she advised him to co-operate with a US-based paparazzo photographer in order to show himself - and, strangely, the royal family - in a 'positive' light and insisted his motive had not been money.

But she could not confirm whether Mr Markle had actually accepted any payment for his collusion for the stunt. Mr Markle later told TMZ he had.

Ms Markle told GMB: 'He was unfairly present in the media as shabby, I think photographer looked for the most unflattering photographs.

'My father has really suffered at the hands of the media. I think a person has a right to say 'enough is enough, I want to be shown how I really am'.'

But Piers hit back and said he was a 'grown man who knew what he was doing'.

He said: 'You say this is all the media's fault, because the media has been treating him in shabby way, viewers will look at the way you've treated you sister Meghan and think that you treated her in a shabby way.

'You've spent the last two years criticising her, you called her narcissistic, selfish, that Hollywood has changed her and that Prince Harry shouldn't marry her, yet you have the gall to blame media vultures.

'You've made loads of money off the back of a tenuous link to Meghan Markle, who you've spoken to once in 10 years. You've been trashing her for two years you vulture'.

Samantha said she had not used those words to describe Meghan and Piers said 'we have all the transcripts'.

Harry and Meghan are said to be heartbroken by his decision and will try to change his mind with just four days until their wedding

Yesterday she confirmed photographs taken of an apparently unwitting Mr Markle getting fitted up for his wedding suit and browsing pictures of his daughter on the internet had actually been taken in collaboration with a professional photographer, despite Kensington Palace issuing strongly worded requests for the media to protect his privacy.

Speaking from her home in Florida to ITV's Loose Women programme in London, his eldest daughter, Samantha, said: 'I have to say I am entirely the culprit.

'As we know the media can take very unflattering photographs of people on their casual days and blow it way out of proportion.

'I said, you know, [to him] the world has no idea you're getting in shape, doing healthy things.

'They don't photograph you buying vegetables and PH water. They photograph you as unflattering ways as they can.

'So I said, really you need to show the world that you're getting in shape and doing great healthy things. So I suggested it.

'There's a lot of scrutiny that it was money motivated, it was not. It was my suggestion that to benefit him and to benefit the royal family that everyone looked good and they depict you as you are - in shape and doing healthy things.'

Asked if she could categorically say he did not receive money for the photographs, Samantha floundered slightly, saying: 'I don't believe so and that was not the motive. I have no idea but if he did I'm going to assume it was a pittance. They don't pay that much. It was really so that the world could see him doing the healthy things he enjoys doing.'

Asked whether she could understand how embarrassing the revelations were for Kensington Palace and her sister, particularly given their stance on protecting his privacy, she conceded that it would be 'awkward' but felt that his treatment by the media had been 'unjust' and 'somehow we could spin it...'

She also tweeted: 'The bad press over my father doing staged photos is my fault. The media was unfairly making him look bad so I suggested he do positive photos for his benefit and the benefit of the royal family. We had no idea he would be taken advantage of. It was not for money'

Despite posting a string of vitriolic tweets attacking her younger sister, Samantha also insisted that she was not bitter about Meghan's decision not to invite her to Saturday's wedding. The pair haven't actually seen each other for around a decade.

Here come the in-laws! Meghan's nephews and their mother touch down in London with 13 SUITCASES ahead of royal wedding TV special - despite 'NOT being invited' to the event itself

There has been much speculation as to which members of Meghan's family will be attending her nuptials to Prince Harry in Windsor ion Saturday.

And while her father has confirmed he will not attend it looks as though her nephews Tyler and Thomas Dooley along with their mother, Meghan's sister-in-law, Tracy Dooley seem determined to take part in the big day.

Despite previously revealing they hadn't received an invite to the royal wedding the trio were seen making their way to the arrivals gate at the London airport on Monday.

The family have been enlisted as 'special correspondents' for Good Morning Britain and are expected to report from Windsor, though are thought not to be attending the ceremony.

Meghan's sister-in-law Tracy Dooley was pictured arriving at Heathrow airport on Monday

She was joined by her sons and Meghan's nephews Tyler (pictured) and Thomas Dooley

Armed with no less than 13 suitcases the family, including Tyler's girlfriend Sandra Bazan (left) made their way out of the international airport having flown in from their home in Oregon

Armed with no less than 13 suitcases the family cut a casual figure as they made their way out of the international airport having flown in from their home in Oregon.

A cheerful Tracy could even be seen flashing a peace sign to photographers as she made her way from security.

And it's clear that the family couldn't be happier about making the trip across the pond; shortly after arriving in London, Tyler began posting image from London on his Facebook page, sharing snaps of a few landmarks, as well as an image showing the interior of his hotel room.

The family is thought to be staying at the H10 hotel in Waterloo, where rooms are available for as little as £70, or $93, per night. The hotel is located just a short distance from Waterloo station, and is an hour's driving distance from St. George's Chapel at Windsor Castle, where Meghan and Harry are due to tie the knot.

Along with the images - which also showed the outside of another nearby landmark, the Imperial War Museum, seemingly captured from the back of a car - Tyler also shared an update about his travels with his Facebook friends, writing: 'Just touched down in London!!! Man what a journey so far. We're safe and sound!'

The images were met with a warm response from Tyler's Facebook friends, with many urging him to 'have a blast', while others reminded Meghan's nephew to 'take pics'.

Others, however, weren't quite so clued into the reason for the family's journey to London, with one person questioning, 'There for the wedding or other biz [sic]?'

They have of course previously appeared on the ITV show, when they claimed to have been snubbed from the wedding list.

A cheerful Tracy could even be seen flashing a peace sign to photographers as she made her way from security

The family are expected to make an appearance on Good Morning Britain this week

In March Tracy and Tyler appeared via live video link from Oregon, and admitted that while they were still hopeful that invitations might be en route, it was looking extremely unlikely.

Tyler said on the show: 'We've not got anything yet. At this point, who knows? This all goes back to Meghan, it's her day and her happiness.'

Tracy - who was married to Meghan's half brother Thomas Markle Jr, is mother to Tyler and his brother Thomas, who Meghan used to babysit for as a child - added: 'I don't think we are getting invitations, but that is fine, we are so proud of her.'

She said that while she herself hadn't seen the royal bride-to-be in some 20 years, the family still has a close relationship with her father, Thomas Markle, who she said was 'sure' to give Meghan away when she marries Prince Harry at Windsor Castle on May 19.

'What a journey so far!' Shortly after arriving in London, Tyler began sharing images of the trip on his Facebook page

Making memories: Tyler's mother Tracy also posted a few images to her Facebook page, including a snap of the London Eye (left) and Victoria Tower at the Houses of Parliament (right)

Sightseeing: He posted two pictures of local landmarks, including the Imperial War Museum (left), and some red brick houses

It was announced that Tracey and Tyler will be flying over to the UK to be a part of Good Morning Britain's coverage of the Royal wedding.

The family's arrival in London comes just as Meghan's father, Thomas Markle Snr., confirmed that he would not be attending his daughter's wedding in the wake of the scandal surrounding his staged paparazzi photos.

The 73-year-old had been set to walk his daughter down the aisle on Saturday, but told TMZ on Monday that he will no longer be travelling to London, after The Mail on Sunday revealed that he had worked with photographers to stage images for money.

Mr Markle said that he did not want to embarrass the royal family or his daughter on her big day.

Meghan Markle's Suits co-star Jacinda Barrett has been spotted in London just five days before the royal wedding. Pictured: Jacinda and her son Luca outside Buckingham Palace yesterday

This comes as reports suggest that Prince Harry's cousin, Lady Ameila Windsor (pictured) has been left off the guest list

He also revealed that he suffered a heart attack just six days ago.

The Dooleys aren't the first Americans to hit UK soil ahead of the wedding with some of Meghan's friends spotted in London.

Jacinda Barrett, who had a recurring role on Suits from 2012 until 2013, and also is married to Meghan's former co-star Gabriel Macht, has touched down in London.

The 45-year-old actress confirmed her arrival with a heart-warming snap, which she posted to Instagram on Sunday.

In the picture the actress can be seen receiving a kiss from her four-year-old son Luca outside Buckingham Palace.

Captioning the picture she wrote: 'Kissing in front of the Queen.' She then added the hashtag #buckinghampalace, before dedicating the sweet snap to her own mother in light of Mother's Day (US).

Jacinda is believed to be travelling with husband Gabriel Macht, who starred opposite Meghan in Suits for all seven seasons that she appeared in the show.

A surprising absentee is Prince Harry's cousin, Lady Ameila Windsor who is also reported to have been left off the guest list.

According to The Sun, the 22-year-old and her older sister Marina, 25 will not be attending the ceremony at Windsor Castle.

A friend told the newspaper: 'They were a little surprised not to be invited as they were looking forward to going.

'Amelia is creating quite a name for herself with her modelling and Instagram posts.

'Perhaps Harry just wanted to keep the family invited to a small number or maybe he didn't want anyone upstaging the bride.'

Windsor beefs up security with anti-terror bollards while 4,500 yards of bunting is unveiled across the town as the countdown continues four days before royal wedding

Security around Windsor Castle has been ramped up as preparations for the royal wedding continue with just four days to go.

Specialist teams spent the night constructing anti-vehicle barriers before tens of thousands of spectators flock to the Berkshire town.

Workers installed the huge metal and concrete barricades which protect against possible terrorist vehicle attacks.

Police have already been rifling through bins, searching drains and manhole covers with sniffer dogs in the run up to Saturday's event.

Specialist teams spent the night constructing anti-vehicle barriers in Windsor city centre

The huge yellow metal barricades was installed in the town centre overnight

Workers installed the huge metal and concrete barricades which protect against possible terrorist vehicle attacks

Teams worked overnight to install the extra safety measures before tens of thousands of people descend on the town on Saturday

Windsor already had a number of anti-vehicle barriers in place, erected around the popular tourist destination following the Westminster terror attack in March last year

Photographs taken overnight showed extra security measures being put in place as the threat of a terror attack remains 'high.'

Windsor already had a number of anti-vehicle barriers in place, erected around the popular tourist destination following the Westminster terror attack in March last year.

But more barricades are being built as security remains tight ahead of the ceremony.

The Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead revealed that as preparations continue nearly 4,500 yards of bunting made up of the red white and blue of the union flag is criss-crossing along the processional route.

Harry and Meghan will travel past hordes of cheering supporters after the wedding at 1pm, in an open carriage procession.

Windsor Council revealed that as preparations continue nearly 4,500 yards of bunting made up of the red white and blue of the union flag

The bunting criss-crosses along the processional route where Harry and Meghan will meet royal fans following the wedding ceremony

The council also said pedestrian footways have undergone 'significant' repairs, and areas have been 'pigeon proofed.'

Also spotted on the streets of Windsor are a number of rough sleepers.

Four months ago council leader Simon Dudley demanded police use legal powers to remove them before the wedding.

But a spokesman for the council said that they are 'not removing residents from Windsor' but it is still unclear what will happen on the day of the wedding.

Preparations have been continuing overnight to prepare the town for tens of thousands of spectators

Police were also seen rifling through bins, searching drains and manhole covers with sniffer dogs

Also spotted on the streets of Windsor are a number of rough sleepers Four months ago council leader Simon Dudley demanded police use legal powers to remove them before the wedding.

Four months ago council leader Simon Dudley demanded police use legal powers to remove them before the wedding

Some 2,300 metres of fencing will be used for queues across the busiest stations on routes to Windsor. The Guildhall in the town is pictured above

A statement said: 'The council is not removing residents from Windsor and as per our normal support processes has engaged with residents who are homeless and offered them support and emergency accommodation.'

Spectators planning to attend the wedding have been advised to begin their journeys as early as 4am to see Prince Harry and Meghan tie the knot.

A 'sizeable queuing system' will be in place for Great Western Railway's service between Slough and Windsor and Eton Central - the nearest station to the event.

Some 2,300 metres of fencing will be used for queues across the busiest stations on routes to Windsor.

Armed police were already on the streets of Windsor at the Changing of the Guard ceremony

The metal barriers have been erected on a number of streets to control the crowds

Royal wedding revellers will face airport-style security checks while metal barriers to deter vehicle attacks will be in place around Windsor.

Other security measures include a huge network of automatic number plate recognition (ANPR) technology and CCTV.

Thames Valley Police said the public should feel reassured rather than alarmed by the measures for the wedding at St George's Chapel in Windsor Castle.

Fans have already begun to stake out the best viewing spots in the Berkshire town.

Well-wishers have already started to deck the streets in all their Union Jack glory near where the royal wedding will take place.

Residents are also getting into the full spirit of the event with pubs decorating their windows with royal memorabilia.

Onlookers have reported a party feel in the town well in advance of the wedding, with tourists from around the world arriving daily by train and walking through the royal shopping arcade to the castle.

Could these be Meghan's blooms? HUGE order of flowers leaves royal florist Philippa Craddock's London depot as the final wedding preparations get under way

The Royal wedding is just four days away, and it appears Harry and Meghan's bespoke floral display has already been transported to the venue.

A large van was seen loading a huge delivery of flowers from the London depot of royal florist Philippa Craddock, who has been hand-picked to deck out St. George's Chapel as well as the two lavish receptions at Windsor Castle this weekend.

The flowers, most of which appeared to be synthetic, included large bunches of pink roses and white blossoms.

Wedding preparations? A large van was seen loading blooms from the London depot of royal florist Philippa Craddock, who has been hand-picked to deck out St. George's Chapel

Well, it is a wedding! The flowers, which appeared to be synthetic, included large bunches of pink roses and white blossoms

The countdown is on! There are just four days to go before Prince Harry and Meghan Markle tie the knot, and their florist appears to be making last-minute preparations for the floral display

By royal appointment: It was revealed in March that trendy Philippa Craddock (pictured) had been hand-picked by the couple to deck out Windsor in stunning blooms for their nuptials

Ensuring the precious cargo arrived safely, the floristry team enlisted the help of event support and logistics company PollenCrew to help with the delivery on Monday.

Staff were also seen loading a large ornamental vase onto the van alongside dozens of plastic buckets and metal ladders - no doubt to help reach the high, fan-vaulted ceilings of St. George's Chapel.

A vehicle from Event Concept - who specialise in 'event management, conceptual design and technical production to create engaging experiences of every scale' - was also spotted outside the depot on Monday.

The events company is responsible for organising glitzy showbiz parties for the likes of Esquire, BAFTA and the Royal Chelsea Flower Show.

It was revealed in March that trendy London florist Philippa Craddock had been hand-picked by the couple to deck out Windsor in stunning blooms for their May 19 nuptials.

Kensington Palace officially announced the news via a series of tweets describing in detail how society favourite Craddock was chosen for the hotly-contested role.

The decadent floral displays in St. George's Chapel will be created using locally sourced foliage, they said, much of which will be taken from the gardens and parkland of The Crown Estate and Windsor Great Park.

A sneak peak at the décor? Staff were also seen packaging up a large ornamental vase along with dozens of florist buckets

Philippa Craddock was hand-picked by the couple to decorate the two receptions, at the wedding of Harry and Meghan this weekend

Not taking any chances: Ensuring the precious cargo arrived safely, the floristry team enlisted the help of event support and logistics company PollenCrew

Royal seal of approval: It was revealed in March that Philippa Craddock had been hand-picked by the couple to deck out Windsor in stunning blooms for their May 19 nuptials

The palace revealed: 'Where possible, Philippa will use flowers and plants that are in season and blooming naturally in May, including branches of beech, birch and hornbeam, as well as white garden roses, peonies and foxgloves.'

'The Royal Parks will supply some pollinator-friendly plants from their wildflower meadows that will be incorporated into the floral designs.

'These plants provide a great habitat for bees & help to nurture and sustain entire ecosystems by promoting a healthy & biodiverse environment.'

Described by Tatler as 'a floral mastermind', Philippa claims to be able to create any bride's dream from 'a secret garden in a palace' to 'an outdoor botanical romance'.

The displays in St George's Chapel will feature foliage from Windsor Great Park, including beech, birch and hornbeam branches, as well as white garden roses, peonies and foxgloves.

The self-taught florist has a studio in Fulham and a shop in department store Selfridges. Speaking about being chosen for the Royal Wedding on May 19, she said: 'I am excited and honoured. The process has been highly collaborative, free-flowing, creative and fun.'

MailOnline has contacted Phillippa Craddock for more information.

By royal appointment: Kensington Palace officially announced the news via a series of tweets describing in detail how society favourite Craddock was chosen for the coveted role

Staff were seen packing up a large ornamental vase alongside dozens of plastic buckets and metal ladders - no doubt to help reach the vast, fan-vaulted ceilings of St. George's Chapel

The van was filled to the brim with plastic buckets and metal ladders before onlookers saw it leave London and head west 'towards Windsor' on Monday

Finishing touches: The huge flower delivery took place just five days before the royal wedding will take place at St. George's Chapel Windsor on May 19

A van from Event Concept - who specialise in 'event management, conceptual design and technical production to create engaging experiences of every scale' - was also spotted

Revealed: Harry and Meghan will stay at separate £1,500-a-night hotels before the wedding with her at former stately home linked to the Profumo affair and him the polo club where pair shared first public kiss

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will spend the night before their wedding at separate luxury hotels close to Windsor Castle in rooms costing up to £1,500-a-night, it has been revealed.

Prince Harry will stay at the luxurious Coworth Park in Sunningdale, Berkshire, on Friday, which is owned by the Sultan of Brunei's Dorchester hotel group.

The venue is a 15 minute drive from St George's Chapel and Prince William will also stay the night to support his brother, Kensington Palace has said, but is not known if Kate and their three children will also be there.

The duke and prince play regularly on Coworth Park's world class polo grounds, which are managed by Guards Polo Club, and last year Meghan watched her then boyfriend play on the pitch.

Meghan will stay at Cliveden House Hotel, on the National Trust's Cliveden Estate, with her mother Doria, where rooms including the aptly named Prince of Wales suite can cost £1,500-a-night.

Prince Harry will stay at the Dorchester Collection's Coworth Park (pictured) in Sunningdale, Berkshire, on Friday, which is owned by the Sultan of Brunei

Harry and his brother will enjoy sumptuously furnished bedrooms like this on the night before walking down the aisle

Meghan will stay at Cliveden House Hotel (pictured), on the National Trust's Cliveden Estate, with her mother Doria. It was owned by Lord Astor and his family until it was bought by investors in 2012

Cliveden House hotel in Taplow, Berkshire, can cost £445-a-night for a Club Room like this one but suites cost £1,500

Cliveden famously hosted the 1961 summer party where John Profumo would meet Christine Keeler and launch the affair that almost destroyed Harold Macmillan's Tory government.

Its gardens still has the same outdoor pool where Christine was sunbathing when the Secretary of State for War first saw her - and it is still known as 'The Profumo Pool'.

She will then make the 25 minute journey to Windsor. Her father Thomas had been expected to be with her before yesterday's bombshell revelation that he would not attend the wedding.

The Cliveden House website describes how the hotel has hosted 'powerful personalities, debaucherous parties and scandalous affairs' for more than 350 years.

Cliveden proudly describes how the hotel has hosted 'powerful personalities, debaucherous parties and scandalous affairs' for more than 350 years

Its grand grounds includes the outdoor pool where Profumo met Keeler and started a brief affair that cost him his reputation and career and enjoys beautiful views of the Berkshire countryside

Christine Keeler shown at the pool where she was sunbathing when the Secretary of State for War first saw her. It has been refurbished and is still known as 'The Profumo Pool'

The pool is pictured at the Cliveden House Hotel, on the National Trust's Cliveden Estate, where Meghan will stay

Former Secretary of State for War John Profumo is pictured with his film star wife Valerie Hobson, who stood by him after his resignation from the Conservative government in 1963 over his affair with Christine Keeler

It was built in 1666 by the 2nd Duke of Buckingham as a gift to his mistress.

What was the Profumo affair and how was it linked to the Cliveden House Hotel? The Profumo affair had it all - sex, lies and espionage. It broke at the height of the Cold War, when spying was rife and the threat of war was imminent with the outbreak of the Cuban Missile Crisis. Here we look back at how the scandal unfolded: April 1960: At the height of the Cold War, Christine Keeler, having left her home in Wraysbury, Berks, heads for London and begins working at Murray's Cabaret Club in Soho. It is there that she meets Dr Stephen Ward, a London osteopath. Within weeks she had moved into his Bayswater flat. She soon meets Mandy Rice-Davies at Murray's and the pair become party companions. July 1961: Ward introduces 19-year-old Keeler to Secretary of State for War, John Profumo, while at a party thrown by Lord and Lady Astor at their stately home in Cliveden at Taplow, Bucks. Keeler and Profumo embark on an affair lasting only a few weeks. At the same time, she becomes involved in an affair with Commander Eugene Ivanov, a Soviet naval attaché at the Russian Embassy in London. March 1963: After months of speculation among MPs, Profumo is forced to face the Commons, where he says: 'There was no impropriety whatever in my acquaintance with Miss Keeler and I have made the statement because of what was said yesterday in the House by three honourable members whose remarks were protected by privilege.' June 5, 1963: Profumo resigns his Cabinet post after admitting lying to the House of Commons about the nature of his relationship with Keeler. December 1963: Keeler is found guilty of perjury in a related trial and imprisoned for nine months.

The privately owned Grade 1 listed stately home is surrounded by 376 acres of National Trust grounds.

Coworth Park in Ascot describes itself as the 'scenic route to five-star bliss,' so it would appear Harry could be having a sedate night before his wedding.

The hotel's website adds: 'Coworth Park offers idyllic relaxation in many guises, from a rural detox to an indulgent, romantic escape.

'Here you'll find an experience to refresh every sense within our welcoming oasis of calm.'

The accommodation once featured in the popular TV talent show X Factor, and William and Harry are likely to know the hotel well as the royal brothers play on its polo grounds every year.

Judge Cheryl Cole, who was joined by Will.i.am from Black Eye Peas, was filmed at the 70-bed hotel when selecting the females to go through to the live finals in 2010.

The duke and prince play regularly on Coworth Park's world class polo grounds, which are managed by Guards Polo Club, and last year Meghan watched her then boyfriend play on the pitch.

The restaurants and bars of Coworth Park will be closed to the public from May 17 to May 21. Both hotels said rooms were unavailable online for this weekend, but it is unclear if any members of the public are staying or will be allowed to book.

MailOnline has contacted Coworth Park and Cliveden House for clarification and comment.

It has emerged the couple will will attend a garden party marking the Prince of Wales' 70th Birthday Patronage Celebration - just days after their wedding - delaying their honeymoon.

Harry and Ms Markle will join Charles and Camilla at the event on Tuesday May 22 at Buckingham Palace.

Clarence House said: 'The event will celebrate The Prince of Wales' Patronages and Military affiliations as well as others involved in charities supported by The Prince.'

A number of cadets and emergency services personnel who were first responders after the bombing at the Manchester Arena on May 22 2017 will also attend the garden party.

Prince William (pictured left) will also stay the night to support his brother, Kensington Palace has said. As Harry's love affair with Meghan emerged the prince was seen kissing her between parked cars surrounding a polo pitch at Coworth (right)

Coworth Park in Sunningdale, Berkshire, is owned by the Sultan of Brunei and is considered one the world's most luxurious hotels

Rooms come with giant bath tubs with views of the rolling countryside, including this grand copper roll top

Harry could relax in this candle-filled room with giant 'Love' during the stay but the hotel says they will not reveal what room he will sleep in

How do Harry and Meghan's hotels compare? Five-star Coworth Park and Cliveden House go head-to-head Coworth Park Marquee room: The Mansion House Premium Suite Room facilities: Minibar, fresh flowers, bottle of chilled Laurent-Perrier champagne on arrival, copper roll-top bathtub, Bang & Olufsen television and polo field views. Price: From £1,200 - £1,500 a night Spa: Complete with atmospheric indoor pool, private sun terrace and spacious eucalyptus-infused steam room Breakfast: Full English with Coworth Park sausages, Baron Bigod and bacon toasted croissant, grilled Manx kippers, waffles with caramelised banana and Scottish oat porridge. Extras: Polo at Coworth Park and the Equestrian Centre are both open to hotel and non-hotel guests. Owner: Coworth Park is owned by the Sultan of Brunei's Dorchester hotel group. History: William and Harry play regularly on Coworth Park's world class polo grounds, which are managed by Guards Polo Club, and last year Meghan watched her then boyfriend play on the pitch. Cliveden House Marquee room: The Prince of Wales suite Room facilities: Decorated with antiques and original works of art, handmade king size bed, views over the Parterre and access to the honesty bar. Price: Around £1,500 a night Spa: Bespoke body treatments, acupressure and anti-ageing techniques, indoor and outdoor swimming pools, tennis courts, squash courts, gymnasium and hot tubs Breakfast: Full English breakfast in the André Garrett restaurant Extras: Boat picnics on the Thames, Champagne cruises and flotilla lunches. Owner: Cliveden House is a privately-owned Grade I listed stately home. It was built in 1666 by the 2nd Duke of Buckingham as a gift to his mistress History: Cliveden famously hosted the 1961 summer party where John Profumo would meet Christine Keeler and launch the affair that almost destroyed Harold Macmillan's Tory government.

It will be Harry and Ms Markle's first official engagement as a married couple.

The couple spent their final weekend together before the big day at a hideaway cottage in the Cotswolds.

The pair hunkered down at the four-bedroom lodge, which is nestled in a wooded areas of the north Oxfordshire countryside.

Refurbishments have been made to make the leased-out love nest fit for purpose, with motion alarms and cameras set up in the surrounding area.

It is believed that Meghan, 36, is a particular fan of the secret retreat and the picturesque views the couple can see from the kitchen's large window.

A source told The Sun: 'The run-up to the wedding has been quite stressful for them and they just wanted to get away and relax before the big day.

'They like to escape to the country for the weekend and the cottage is just perfect for them.

'It's very private, has a vast open-plan kitchen and dining area for Meghan to cook in and lots of large windows for the stunning views.'

So if poor Mr Markle isn't going to give Meghan away, who will?

by Richard Kay

There will be nothing but sympathy for Thomas Markle today. Certainly that will be the main emotion as the shock of his reported decision to pull out of the royal wedding and not give his daughter away at Windsor on Saturday is absorbed.

Ever since Meghan's relationship with Prince Harry first emerged to near universal delight, her father has conducted himself with a quiet dignity; unfamiliar with the relentless spotlight of publicity, he has been content to largely remain in the background.

Samantha Markle claimed it was her idea for Thomas Markle to be photographed in a series of royal wedding shots to show him and the royal family in a positive light

Other members of his family – his son and daughter by his first marriage for example – have seized the opportunity to speak of their younger half-sibling, often thoughtlessly and sometimes with cruelty.

Tom Markle did none of these things. But then, as the finishing line at St George's Chapel where he was due to walk Meghan up the aisle was visible, he chose to enter into a reckless arrangement that appears to have had shattering consequences.

At the weekend, it was reported that he had staged paparazzi photographs in exchange for money – though that was not his principal motive. He had, naively it must be said, hoped that choreographed pictures might rebalance the image the world had of him as some sort of bumbling semi-recluse.

Instead the outcome has been one of humiliation for him.

Samantha Markle said it was her idea for Thomas Markle to be photographed in a series of royal wedding shoots where he lives in Mexico

Queen's stamps of approval Stamps featuring Harry and Meghan are going on sale to celebrate the wedding. The Royal Mail has produced a special set of four stamps showing two of the couple's engagement portraits and bearing Saturday's date. The images for the souvenir miniature sheet were taken by New York-based photographer Alexi Lubomirski at Frogmore House in Windsor in December. Lubomirski, who has described the couple as being 'so deliciously in love', has also been chosen as their official wedding photographer. The stamps will be released on Saturday morning. Harry and Meghan personally approved the set, while the Queen had the final say. The 1st class stamp shows the couple at Frogmore House where they will have their evening reception. The £1.55 stamp is a more informal black and white image showing Meghan with her arm through Harry's as they walk through the grounds. She is wearing a gown by Ralph & Russo who are reported to have been chosen to make her wedding dress.

So it must have been with an unbearably heavy heart that he made his sudden and totally unexpected announcement. He is reported to have said that he cannot embarrass the Royal Family or his beloved daughter on her wedding day and that the solution is to stay away.

But his decision to do so will strike a chord with people everywhere. Weddings are so often fraught affairs, even royal

ones. Days before she married Prince Charles, Lady Diana Spencer wanted to back out – only to be told by her sisters that it was too late because her face was already on the souvenir tea towels.

Even so, Mr Markle's absence will cast an unfortunate and inevitably regrettable pall over this weekend's ceremony. Some will doubtless say that this sad outcome is of his own making.

But that would gratuitously misunderstand the intentions of a basically honourable man.

In fact, as tragic as it is for Meghan to be robbed of the reassuring presence of her father on Saturday, the overriding feeling is sorrow for the man himself.

For here is a man who suddenly found himself thrust into an alien world. An award-winning former Hollywood lighting director, but out of his depth when it came to handling publicity.

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will marry on Saturday, May 19, in Windsor

He is not the first person to be seduced into a cosy arrangement with unscrupulous photographers. It is a well-practised gimmick among celebrities to have apparently spontaneous pictures taken in which they have conspired – and then shared the proceeds of the deception.

Quite why Mr Markle decided to enter into such an arrangement is impossible to know.

On TV yesterday his elder daughter Samantha – when not lamenting her own absence from the wedding (she hasn't been invited) – was suggesting that she had put her father up to it, to paint him in a positive light.

A noble enough sentiment, but in reality a doomed exercise that has left her father looking foolish, hurt and no longer participating on Saturday.

But that brings us to another vexed question. Who on earth is going to give Meghan away?

From the moment Prince Harry acknowledged that he was in a relationship with Tom Markle's beautiful daughter, the world has tuned in.

Her mixed-race background, her struggle to make it as an actress and her championing of the kind of causes Harry's late mother pioneered all caught our attention.

And with that, the focus inevitably fell on her family. A broken home and the striving of her parents to give her the best chance in life were compelling aspects of her story.

Maybe Mr Markle, living 'off grid' in a run-down neighbourhood of a Mexican border town, felt he could manage expectations by living low.

The demeaning contribution of his son Thomas Jr cannot have helped. In a letter to Prince Harry just a few weeks ago, he described his sister as a 'jaded, shallow, conceited woman' who would make a 'joke of the Royal Family.'

Yet with breath-taking nonchalance he followed that up a couple of days ago by writing that it was 'not too late' for him and other family members to receive an invitation to the wedding. Sitting in his small flat on the outskirts of Tijuana, Tom Markle senior cannot have failed to have taken this all on board.

Tomorrow night he should have been settling into a room at Windsor Castle. A valet would have unpacked his bag, laundered his clothes and drawn his bath. He would have taken tea with the Queen and met his daughter's future father-in-law Prince Charles.

Instead, on the day he would have had the eyes of the world on him walking as proud as can be to give his daughter's hand in marriage in the majesty of St George's Chapel, he will be 5,000 miles away.

Unless he has a change of heart. Nothing would please Harry, the Royal Family or Meghan more than for him to be there. The world would like it too.

Royally embarrassing: How Meghan Markle's relatives have shown her up ahead of her big day Meghan Markle's father Thomas Markle has announced he will not be walking his daughter down the aisle after admitting he staged paparazzi photos for cash And he is not the first relative to have left the actress red-faced HALF BROTHER: THOMAS MARKLE JR Meghan's estranged half-brother also named Thomas, 51, was arrested on January 12 for holding a gun to his girlfriend's head. The Oregon window fitter later admitted to having a drinking problem and said he was 'seeking help' He has repeatedly put himself back into the public light during his sister's engagement. Oh brother: Thomas Markle Jr has repeatedly embarrassed Meghan penning two open letters over the royal wedding On May 2, he provided In Touch magazine with a letter slamming his Suits actress sister and even telling Prince Harry to back out of the ceremony 'As more time passes to your royal wedding, it became very clear that this is the biggest mistake in royal wedding history, ' he wrote 'It's not to [sic] late, Meghan Markle is obviously not the right woman for you.' He also called his half-sister 'jaded, shallow and conceited' and accused her of using their father until he was 'bankrupt' from 'paying her way' On Friday, he penned another letter. Markle Jr lightened his tone and pleaded for an invite to the ceremony. 'Meg I know that I'm not perfect, nor is anyone else in our family, as I'm sure you have read by now,' he wrote. 'But good, bad, or perfect, we're the only family that you have. It does hurt my feelings not getting invited to your wedding, along with the rest of the family. 'But it's not too late to send me an invite along with your entire family. We should all be there to show our love and support on your wedding day because that's what families do. Not to mention, how long it's been since we all seen and have gotten together, that would be very nice.' The family: Thomas Markle's ex wife and her sons will appear on British TV to provide commentary despite having lost contact with Meghan years ago On Monday, Markle Jr's ex-wife Tracy Dooley and her two sons Tyler and Thomas arrived in london despite not being invited to the wedding The relatives have been invited to be 'special correspondent's for Good Morning Britain. Despite admitting they haven't seen Meghan for 20 years, they said they were supporting her and 'so proud of her' in an interview with the breakfast show last month HALF SISTER: SAMANTHA GRANT Thomas Markle Sr's eldest daughter Samantha Grant, 53, has been outspoken on Meghan ever since her half-sister's relationship with Prince Harry was revealed. Big sis: Samantha Grant nee Markle has been outspoken on social media about the royal wedding and has also written a memoir entitled Diary of a Princess Pushy's Sister On Monday, she took responsibility for advising her father to stage the photos which have led to his embarrassment and decision to avoid his younger daughter's wedding Speaking on British television, she said: 'I'm entirely the culprit. I suggested it to benefit him and the royal family'. She also tweeted the official Kensington Palace Twitter account and said: 'The bad press over my father doing staged photos is my fault. The media was unfairly making him look bad so I suggested he do positive photos for his benefit and the benefit of the royal family. We had no idea he would be taken advantage of. It was not for money'. However, this isn't the first time Samantha has hit headlines . The Multiple Sclerosis sufferer, who is wheelchair-bound, previously called on Prince Harry to 'man up' and accused the Queen's grandson of rank hypocrisy in offering 'shout outs about humanitarianism' while allowing 'Meg to ignore the Markles'. 'Someone must point out that the 'Emperor is not wearing any clothes',' the 53-year-old raged. She has penned a memoir entitled: The Diary of Princess Pushy's Sister