WATCH: John Legend makes mundane things sound sexy – including shopping at Costco If you’re tired of the mundane things in life, aka running errands, grocery shopping and washing laundry, then we have the cure: John Legend’s super-smooth and super-sexy vocals.

John Legend appeared on ‘The Late Show with Stephen Colbert’ to discuss his ‘Darkness and Light’ tour (Photo: Tom Dymond/ITV/REX/Shutterstock)

The swoon-worthy singer appeared on ‘The Late Show with Stephen Colbert’ earlier this week to promote his new tour, ‘Darkness and Light’, which is touring in the UK this September.

But, being the gentleman that he is, John also treated the audience to renditions of a few non-traditional tunes in a segment called, ‘John Legend Makes Mundane Things Sound Sexy.’

TV host Stephen Colbert challenged the Grammy Award-winner to sing about the humdrum things in life (Photo: CBS)

“I bet you could make anything, no matter how mundane, sound sexy,” Stephen challenged the star.

Advertisement Advertisement

“It’s possible,” the musician agreed.

He then effortlessly crooned his way through a ditty about shopping at Costco for household supplies.

“Honey, I’m running out to the Costco,” the ten-time Grammy Award-winner sang. “There’s no such thing as too many paper towels.” And at this point, we were wondering whether John Legend had ever been more relatable.

John sat down at the piano to serenade the audience with some extremely relatable lyrics (Photo: CBS)

“That’s pretty sexy,” he quipped. “I like that.”

Thankfully, he wasn’t finished.

“Baby, my beige turtleneck is pilling, so please wash it inside out,” he continued. “Tumble dry, tumble dry, tumble dry low.”

Phew, we’re feeling a little hot under our beige turtleneck collar.

Advertisement Advertisement

‘The Late Show with Stephen Colbert’ airs weeknights at 11:35pm on CBS.

Follow us on Twitter and Instagram for all of the latest celebrity gossip.

Read more:

Kanye and John dress up as bunnies for Easter party

Chrissy Teigen trolls husband with hilarious Arthur meme