Kourtney Kardashian 'will never get back together with Scott Disick' They had Khloe Kardashian, as well as the rest of their fans, 'dreaming' of a romantic reunion.

And despite Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick's very friendly display at Kylie Jenner's 21st birthday bash on Thursday night, there is 'absolutely no way' the former lovebirds will be getting back together.

According to TMZ, the KUWTK star sees her ex, who she shares three children with, as a 'more of friend' and the 'romance is over and out.'

No way: Despite Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick's friendly display at Kylie Jenner's 21st birthday on Thursday, there is 'absolutely no way' the former lovebirds will be getting back together

Tongues started wagging earlier this week that Kourtney and Scott may be rekindling their flame, despite Disick being in a relationship with 19-year-old Sofia Richie.

Kourtney - who recently ended her 18-month romance with model Younes Bendjima -had her family 'dreaming' of a reunion as they both attended sister Kylie's birthday celebrations.

Despite being famed for their tumultuous relationship, the brunette looked more than amicable as a wishful Khloe shared a clip of the pair sat next to each other at the dinner table, writing: 'A girl can dream'.

Kourtney and Scott started dating in 2006 and have eight-year-old son Mason, six-year-old daughter Penelope and three-year-old son Reign together.

'A girl can dream': They had Khloe Kardashian, as well as the rest of their fans, 'dreaming' of a romantic reunion earlier this week

Single: According to TMZ, the KUWTK star sees her ex, who she shares three children with, as a 'more of friend' and the 'romance is over and out'

They broke up in 2015 and Kourtney started dating Younes in 2016 - which recently came to an end.

Scott on the other hand has been in a relationship with Sofia, 19, since about May 2017.

During the season premier of Keeping Up With The Kardashians on Sunday, Scott admitted the pair previously said they would give their romance another try when they were in their 40s.

Just pals: Kourtney had her family 'dreaming' of a reunion as they both attended sister Kylie's birthday celebrations

Brood: Kourtney and Scott started dating in 2006 and have eight-year-old son Mason, six-year-old daughter Penelope and three-year-old son Reign together

Meanwhile, Kourtney pulled out all the stops for Kylie's bash, flashing both leg and cleavage in a sexy purple mini dress.

The beauty's tiny style skimmed the tops of the beauty's tanned, toned thighs, while its halter-neckline enabled the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star to also flaunt her ample bust.

The petite fashionista completed her outfit with black open-toed stilettos and accessorised with golden hoop earrings.

Stream on hayu in the UK & Ire. Airs Sundays in the UK at 9pm on E!