Deontay Wilder girlfriend: Who is Telli Swift? What is Deontay Wilder’s net worth? Deontay Wilder confronts Tyson Fury before GMB appearance 1769454843Uus5dWmg

Yesterday saw boxing legends Deontay Wilder and Tyson Fury come to blows in a fiery encounter at their first press conference together yesterday.

Promoter Frank Warren tried to separate the two, but Fury then got in Wilder’s face – causing the American professional boxer to shove him across the stage. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

WBC champion Deontay Wilder and fellow heavyweight Tyson Fury will face off in a boxing fight on December 1 in Los Angeles later this year.

The two also appeared on ITV’s Good Morning Britain on Monday to promote their upcoming fight.

Who is Deontay Wilder’s girlfriend Telli Swift? Telli Swift, real name Shuntel, is an American TV-personality and model. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

She is a former reality star on WAGS Atlanta where she and Deontay’s relationship was filmed. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

The gorgeous American is also an educated nurse and used to work at the Beverly Hills Plastic Surgeons’ recovery unit.

Deontay Wilder girlfriend: Telli Swift has reportedly been seein Deontay Wilder since 2015

She reportedly chose to move into the nursing field because her grandmother and mother are nurses.

According to TVOverMind, she chose plastic surgery as her nursing field because it is elective, and the patients are generally healthy.

She was born in the Philippines but raised in Japan before she moved to the US.

Her father was in the military so she moved around a lot as a child.

Deontay Wilder girlfriend: Together they are raising Telli's two children

Her mother also started her modelling when she was about 3 years old and Telli was in magazines and beauty pageants from a very young age.

She’s fluent in English, Tagalog and Japanese, and has lived around the world.

Together with Deontay Wilder she is raising her two children, one of whom is from a previous relationship.

She and Deontay also support the Spina Bifida association, promoting awareness about the condition after Deontay’s daughter was born with the condition.

Deontay Wilder girlfriend: The model often flaunts her trimmed figure on Instagram

Telli has also gained a big group of followers on social media.

She currently has more than 200,000 followers on Instagram where she often flaunts her trimmed figure.

In addition, the beauty has her own website telliswift.com aimed at empowering women.

Celebrity news and gossip plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

Earlier in 2018 she’s added a personal blog and her favourite recipes on the website.