Kylie Jenner Says Daughter Stormi Looks ‘Just Like’ Her Like mother, like daughter! Kylie Jenner gave fans an update on her daughter, Stormi, and revealed her newborn looks just like she did when the reality TV personality was a little girl.

Related: Relive Kylie Jenner’s Best Quotes About Having Children and Being a Young Mom In the wake of her pregnancy news, relive Kylie Jenner’s best quotes about being a young mom and starting a family of her own — read!

“she’s good,” Jenner tweeted on Wednesday, February 21, with a smiley face emoji. “still staring at her all day. she looks just like me when i was a baby.”

As previously reported, the 20-year-old Life of Kylie star revealed on February 4 that she gave birth to her first child with her boyfriend, Travis Scott, a few days earlier. “I’m sorry for keeping you in the dark through all the assumptions … my beautiful and healthy baby girl arrived February 1st and i just couldn’t wait to share this blessing. I’ve never felt love and happiness like this i could burst! Thank you for understanding.”

Related: Most Unique Celebrity Baby Names From North to Tennessee, recap which stars have given their offspring the most unusual baby names

Jenner posted the first (and so far only) photo of Stormi on February 6. While the Lip Kit creator has refrained from sharing too much information about her new life as a mom with fans, she did give her followers an update on something else — Snapchat.

“sooo does anyone else not open Snapchat anymore? Or is it just me… ugh this is so sad,” Jenner tweeted on Wednesday. “still love you tho snap … my first love.”

The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star gave her first opinion about the latest Snapchat update on February 9, tweeting, “Mm just saw the new Snapchat.. I don’t know how i feel about it! What do you guys think?”

“I kinda agree,” she replied to a fan who wrote “I hate it bring back the old @Snapchat.”

Related: The Most Influential Celebrities on Social Media Social media has allowed celebrities to directly communicate with fans over the years. Platforms like Twitter and Instagram have given users a closer look at their favorite celebrities, granting them direct access into their world. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing […]

Jenner made headlines back in July 2015 when it was confirmed she was the most viewed account on the social media platform. “30 million followers?!😫 I just found out I’m in the top ten most followed on Instagram and #1 viewed person on snapchat😫,” she wrote at the time. “this is still CRAZY to me. Blessed to feel loved & when I launch my website I have many ideas to give that love back 💕 I can’t wait!!!”