‘Bachelor in Paradise’ 2016 finale ultimate spoilers, winners: The winning couples revealed; Will there be a proposal and engagement? The cast of 'Bachelor in Paradise' Season 2 attends the 'Bachelor In Paradise' Returns To Mexico For Season 2 Premiere Party at Mixology101 on August 2, 2015 in Los Angeles, California. The popular summer series airs Sunday and Monday nights on ABC at 8pm (Photo : Jesse Grant/Getty Images)

"Bachelor in Paradise" Season 3 (2016) finale is only a week away. ABC's latest reality dating show will see how contestants' quest of finding new love concludes. Will they find love or not? Will there be breakups or engagements? Rumours suggest that only three six pairs come out of as couples in the end. Here are the ultimate spoilers for the final rose ceremony revealing the couples that win it all and find love in Sayulita, Mexico. Read on to find out what happens in the finale.



Advertisement

Spoiler alert! This article contains spoilers for "Bachelor in Paradise" Season 3 (2016) finale. Do not read further if you don't wish to know what happened in the final rose ceremony.



In past few weeks, several bachelor and bachelorettes have entered the paradise and left. Meanwhile, some established strong bonds while others are still struggling to find with whom they belong. Also, fans are wondering whether their favourite couples survive till the end.



Meanwhile, Reality Steve has reported how it all ends for the remaining contestants. According to the blogger's episode-by-episode spoilers for "Bachelor in Paradise" Season 3 (2016), five couples make it to the final rose ceremony. These five couples are Josh Murray and Amanda Stanton, Grant Kemp and Lace Morris, Evan Bass and Carly Waddell, Nick Vial and Jen, and Wells Adams and Ashley Iaconetti.



At the finale, "Bachelor" series host, Chris Harrison lays down the rules for final five couples. He informs them that only those couples shall move forward who are serious and can visualise their future together. The couples who decide to go forward will get the opportunity to enjoy an overnight date and get to know each other better.



At this point, Adam Wells breaks off with Ashley Iaconetti and they both depart the paradise. As for the remaining four couples, they go on overnight dates. A few details available from the couples' overnight dates reveal that Lace and Grant get matching tattoos.



"Bachelor in Paradise" Season 3 (2016) finale ends with three engagements. Josh Murray and Amanda Stanton, Grant Kemp and Lace Morris, and Evan Bass and Carly Waddell get engaged. As for Nick Viall and Jennifer Saviano, they break up at the end.



"Bachelor in Paradise" Season 3 (2016) finale airs Sept. 5 and 6 at 8:30 pm on ABC. Stay tuned for more spoilers and updates.

