Tiffany Haddish, Angela Bassett and More Stars Attend American Black Film Festival Honors: See the Red Carpet Fashion - Parker XL Earlier than heading inside to the ceremony, the celebs hit the pink carpet to strike a pose for the cameras. Let’s take a look at all the pink carpet style on the Sunday’s award present under:

Tiffany Haddish , Angelina Basset , Omari Hardwick and Armie Hammer have been among the many stars in attendance on the occasion over the weekend. Through the ceremony, Regina Corridor took the stage to current Tiffany with the Rising Star honor. Whereas Armie additionally took the stage to current Omari with the Distinguished ABFF Alumni honor.

Leon Bennett/Getty Photographs Regina Corridor

Regina Corridor introduced the Rising Star Award to Tiffany on the occasion. Throughout her speech, she stated that this yr’s Rising Star Award goes to somebody who’s “humorous and frugal, everyone knows she do not go anyplace with out her coupons in hand.”

Arnold Turner/Invision/AP/REX/Shutterstock Tiffany Haddish

How beautiful does Tiffany look on this Michael Costello gown? Tiffany acquired the Rising Star Award on the occasion and twerked her method onto the stage. She thanked Regina and stated she taught her learn how to “wash her hair with vodka.” Tiffany additionally gave a shout-out to Jordan Peele throughout her speech. “Jordan Peele thanks a lot for giving me that job in Keanu, which I assumed was gonna be a cartoon film once I learn the script (laughter). It seems it was an actual lIve motion film!” She additionally shared that she is beginning her personal manufacturing firm referred to as She Prepared productions.

Leon Bennett/Getty Pictures Billy Dee Williams

The actor acquired the Legacy Award on the occasion on Sunday.

Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP/REX/Shutterstock Angela Bassett

The actress surprised on the purple carpet in Mangishi Doll Spring 2018 able to put on assortment.

Michael Buckner/Selection/REX/Shutterstock Tracee Ellis Ross

Tracee Ellis Ross hit the pink carpet in a Prabal Gurung ensemble on Sunday. Her TV present Black-ish tied with Insecure to win Tv Present of the Yr (Comedy) on the occasion.

Michael Buckner/Selection/REX/Shutterstock Issa Rae

Issa Rae seemed lovely on this Oscar De La Renta gown on the occasion. When her present, Insecure, gained for Tv Present of the Yr, Issa took the stage to simply accept and informed the viewers, “I had a number of champagne as a result of I did not assume I might be up her.”

Michael Buckner/Selection/REX/Shutterstock Martin Lawrence

The actor and his Martin co-stars have been honored at Sunday’s occasion.

Michael Buckner/Selection/REX/Shutterstock Lena Waithe

The Grasp of None star introduced director Ava DuVernay with the Visionary Award on the ceremony. Whereas on stage, Lena thanked Ava for giving her a job as a manufacturing assistant on 2010’s I Will Comply with.

Michael Buckner/Selection/REX/Shutterstock Ava DuVernay

The A Wrinkle in Time director took the stage to simply accept the Visionary Award on Sunday. Throughout her speech, she stated of Lena she seems like you can also make actual associates on this business.

Michael Buckner/Selection/REX/Shutterstock Anika Noni Rose, Omari Hardwick

Energy co-stars Anika Noni Rose and Omari Hardwick pose collectively on the purple carpet. Omari was later introduced the Distinguished ABFF Alumni Award.

Michael Buckner/Selection/REX/Shutterstock Armie Hammer

The Name Me By Your Identify actor took the stage to current the Distinguished ABFF Alumni Award to Omari Hardwick in these plaid pants. Throughout his speech, Armie stated Omari will make you are feeling “lazy and incompetent” as a result of he is the “hardest working dude.”

Leon Bennett/Getty Photographs Ernie Hudson

“A terrific night time @ABFFHonors w/ Denzel Washington, @LilRel4 @orayo & sensible director Invoice Duke. Nice group!” Ernie tweeted Sunday.

Leon Bennett/Getty Photographs Bianca Lawson

Bianca’s present Queen Sugar gained the award for Tv Present of the Yr (Drama).

Leon Bennett/Getty Photographs John Singleton

The Snowfall government producer is photographed on the occasion on Sunday.

Leon Bennett/Getty Pictures Dennis Haysbert

The Reverie actor is photographed on the purple carpet at Sunday’s occasion.

Leon Bennett/Getty Photographs Jay Ellis

Jay’s present Insecure gained Tv Present of the Yr (Comedy) on the ceremony.