Kate and William join the Queen for Easter Sunday service The royal family gathered this morning for a traditional Easter Sunday Service - at the chapel where Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will marry on May 19th.

The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, expecting their third child within weeks, broke usual protocol by arriving after the Queen at the Easter Mattins Service at St George's Chapel in Windsor.

The couple eschewed the downhill walk and took a royal car to the entrance, arriving several minutes after the Queen, who also arrived by car and was travelling without the Duke of Edinburgh, 96, who did not attend the service.

Although Meghan and Harry also chose not to appear at the chapel where they'll tie the knot next month; the Queen, dressed in cerise, was joined by Princess Anne, Prince Andrew and Prince Edward, with Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie, Peter Phillips and Zara Tindall all also in attendance for the seasonal service.

Arriving without husband Mike Tindall and daughter Mia Grace, Zara did take the short downhill walk, showing off her blossoming bump in a blue bespoke Séraphine coat and hat by Jane Taylor as she chatted with Princess Beatrice, her sister Eugenie and husband-to-be Jack Brooksbank at the chapel's entrance.

Scroll down for video

Bump's the word! Kate, 36, looked comfortable on a cold day dressed in a smart chocolate-brown coat with matching velour pillbox hat and caramel-coloured heels as she chatted with the Dean of Windsor at St George's Chapel, Windsor this morning

Almost there: a heavily pregnant Kate, 36, and William, 35, share a smile as they walk behind the Queen and the Dean of Windsor at the end of the Easter Mattins service

Expected to give birth at the Lindo Wing at London's St Mary's Hospital in Paddington sometime this month or in early May, the Duchess looked in fine form as she joined other members of the royal family for the annual Easter service

And Zara's blooming too! The 36-year-old, who attended without husband Mike and daughter Mia Rose, wore a bright blue coat with her own bump clearly visible as she chats to Princess Beatrice. Right: Zara appears to be keeping a close eye on the pavement as she heads to St George's Chapel

The Queen leads her family from the seasonal service at St George's Chapel in Windsor this morning, with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge following closely behind

It is Spring, honest! Hundreds of well-wishers lined the streets to catch a glimpse of the royals together. The Queen, in a striking cerise pink coat and floral dress, smiles as she accepts a bouquet of beautiful flowers from two little girls attending the Easter Mattins service

Prince William is seen smiling behind his grandmother as he watches her accept the pretty posy from the girls, both dressed in floral outfits

With Prince Philip thought to be nursing a sore hip at home, the Queen attended on her own but clearly enjoyed spending time with her family

The Dean of Windsor, David Conner, led the service, attended by the royal family every year, and strolled by the side of the Queen as she made her way out of the chapel

Earlier, The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, just weeks from welcoming their third child, arrived at St George's Chapel looking in ebullient mood

A smiling look William, dressed in his Sunday best, looks on as Kate shakes the hand of the St George's Chapel minister

Cerise-ster! At the oth,er end of the colour spectrum, the Queen dazzled on a dreary morning in a bright pink outfit Right: Still in heels! An eight months' pregnant Kate finishing the look with a pair of daring caramel-coloured heels

The Duchess of Cambridge, on sparkling form, steps out of the royal car as she arrives for the Easter Mattins Service

Striding forth! Peter Phillips, firmly clutching the hand of wife Autumn Phillips, walks alongside Jack Brooksbank and Princess Eugenie, who are set to wed in October this year

Despite the inclement weather, the royals opted for spring colour, with Princess Anne (far right) sporting a co-ordinated turquoise blue number. Meanwhile Princess Eugenie mirrored her grandmother's pink, with a cerise cocktail hat London based milliner Juliette Botterill

Hundreds of well-wishers lined the entrance to the Windsor Castle estate hoping for a glimpse of the royals on their annual spring outing.

Wearing a smart-looking chocolate-brown coat, Kate, 36, who is due to give birth to her third child in London in a matter of weeks, looked comfortable and relaxed as she was greeted at the chapel with Prince William by her side. The couple left their two children, George, four and Charlotte, two, at home.

Despite being eight months' pregnant, the Duchess has yet to park her favourite heels and finished off her smart look with a pair of towering caramel-hued shoes and matching clutch purse.

While the Queen attended the event without Prince Philip, it is not thought his absence is due to a serious health problem, the Duke was spotted driving around the grounds of the Windsor Estate last week.

Awaiting the arrival of the Queen to lead the family into the Easter service, Princess Beatrice, wearing a Suzannah coat, shared a joke with Zara, sister Eugenie and boyfriend Jack Brooksbank

Sophie Wessex tenderly attends to her ten-year-old son James, Viscount Severn, as the royals prepare to enter the chapel: Right: The royal, in a striking navy coat and fascinator, pats the cheek of her clearly-upset son

The Queen greets the younger royals, including Peter Phillips and his wife Autumn (fourth from left), as she makes her way into the Easter Mattins church service this morning

And Kate wasn't the only one showing off her bump; Zara Tindall looked radiant in bright blue, with her ever blossoming bump clearly on display.

Princess Anne, accompanied by husband Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence, were among the first to make the journey down the hill to the religious venue.

The Queen receives a royal salute from an attending policeman as she makes her way into the regal chapel in the grounds of Windsor Castle - as Princess Anne and Princess Eugenie look on

Going solo: Prince Philip, who also missed the Maunday Thursday service last week, was not in attendance at the chapel

A curtsey! Despite being heavily pregnant, Zara Tindall drops her knees in curtsey as her grandmother approaches

The Queen, who celebrates her 92nd birthday later this month, led her family into the chapel where they'll gather again next month for nuptial between Prince Harry and Meghan Markle

Despite the inclement weather, the royals opted for spring colour, with Princess Anne sporting a co-ordinated turquoise blue number. Meanwhile, Princess Eugenie mirrored her grandmother's pink, with a cerise hat.

Sophie Wessex looked chic in a navy wrap-around coat and dramatic fascinator as she walked alongside Lady Louise Windsor, who opted for an aubergine-coloured ensemble.

At the chapel's entrance, Sophie appeared to comfort her distressed-looking ten-year-old son James, Viscount Severn. The royal tenderly stroked his cheek as the family prepared to enter the service.

Lady Louise Windsor and Sophie Wessex stroll down the hill to the chapel, followed closely by Princess Beatrice, dressed all in white

A smart-suited Prince Edward bravely left his coat behind on a chilly day in Berkshire. Right: Peter Phillips arrived with wife Autumn, looking elegant in a co-ordinated grey hat and dress-coat by Suzannah

The Queen, who celebrates her 92nd birthday later this month, led her family into the chapel, being offered a salute by an attending police officer.

Meanwhile, the wedding of the year continues to take shape; it was officially announced this morning by Kensington Palace that Philippa Craddock has been chosen to decorate the chapel on Harry and Meghan's big day next month.

The floral designer, who started her business nine years ago, has a list of high-profile clients, including British Vogue, Hampton Court Palace and the V&A. She has also provided her services for Kensington Palace before.

And the flowers and plants will be locally-sourced, with many coming the gardens and parkland of The Crown Estate and Windsor Great Park.