Brad Pitt and Jen Aniston's 'Mexico wedding' plans Nearly 18 years after their first wedding, Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston reportedly are planning their second wedding to each other.

This time around it is set to take place in Mexico reports Woman's Day, just days after Jennifer confirmed her split with Justin Theroux.

"Jen's in her element organising it all," a source told the magazine.

Nearly 18 years after their first wedding, Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston reportedly are planning their second wedding to each other. They are pictured here together in 2004. Source: Getty

The ceremony is reportedly set to take place in Cabo San Lucas in Mexico, a place where Jen regularly holidays.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

Brad Pitt and Jen Aniston are 'engaged'

Exclusive: Brad Pitt responds to Jen and Justin’s ‘situation’

As for the chosen venue, the publication reports it is the One & Only Palmilla resort where the starting rate for a room is $651 per night.

As for the chosen venue, the publication reports it is the One & Only Palmilla resort where the starting rate for a room is $651 per night. Source: One & Only

Brad and Jen want to 'book out the whole place' for privacy reasons, according to the mag's source.

Be have contacted the resort for comment on the report.

NW has also reported the pair plan on remarrying in Mexico.

The couple are here together in 1999 on holiday in Portugal. Source: Getty

"They'd love an intimate ceremony in Mexico with just their friends and family," an insider claims. "It was always 'their place'."

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

However, there is no rush as they are both 'just happy being back together', according to the magazine.

Last week, Jennifer announced her split from husband Justin Theroux after two-and-a-half-years of marriage.

The former couple said the decision to separate 'was mutual and lovingly made at the end of last year' in a statement issued through the Friends star's publicist, Stephen Huvane.

Jen married actor Justin Theroux in 2015 after four years of dating but recently announced their split. The pair are pictured here together in 2017. Source: Getty

The pair — who became engaged in 2012 and married in August 2015 — insisted they were still 'two best friends who have decided to part ways as a couple, but look forward to continuing our cherished friendship.'

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

"Above all, we are determined to maintain the deep respect and love that we have for one another," they added.

The couple said they are making the announcement publicly 'in an effort to reduce any further speculation' after fans noticed they hadn't been spotted much recently.

Brad, 54, and Jen, 49, split back in 2005 after five years of marriage.

Angelina and Brad, pictured here in 2015, announced their separation in September 2016. Source: Getty

The World War Z actor moved on with Angelina Jolie after he met her on the set of Mr and Mrs Smith but after 11 years together, two of which they were married, Brange announced they were separating in 2016.

They have six children together: Maddox, 16, Pax, 14, Zahara, 13, Shiloh, 11 and nine-year-old twins Knox and Vivienne.

Got a story tip? Send it to tips@yahoo7.com.au

Want more celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news? Follow Be on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram