Desperate Showmance! David Foster & Katharine McPhee ‘Staging’ Romance, Source Claims Kathrine McPhee and record executive David Foster were spotted on another date last night — leaving a "romantic" dinner at Craig's restaurant in West Hollywood, Calif. After several PDA-filled public outings, a source close to the 67-year-old music mogul told RadarOnline.com exclusively that the budding romance is all for show! Click through seven lovey-dovey photos to find out the truth behind why the unlikely duo is really dating!

Kathrine McPhee and record executive David Foster were spotted on another date last night — leaving a "romantic" dinner at Craig's restaurant in West Hollywood, Calif. After several PDA-filled public outings, a source close to the 67-year-old music mogul told RadarOnline.com exclusively that the budding romance is all for show! Click through seven lovey-dovey photos to find out the truth behind why the unlikely duo is really dating!

According to the source, "David and Katharine are conspiring to create a public buzz about their relationship!"

"David does not even like basketball," the insider told RadarOnline.com . "It was just a photo op. He can't even name one player on the team except for Kobe Bryant , who hasn't even played for the Lakers in years!"

But it isn't just basketball that has Foster interested in the much younger actress! "David is desperate to get back on the reality television circuit and has been since he split with Yolanda. Recently, he's been pitching a show based on himself called The Prince of Malibu.

So what's in it for McPhee, whose marriage to ex-husband Nick Cokas , 52, ended when he caught her cheating on him with her Smash director, Michael Morris?

By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox

"Katharine is desperate to stay famous," the source added. "She is getting close to David because she really wants a part in the upcoming musical about iconic character Betty Boop. Not only that, but David is also apparently helping her to record a pop album."

Do you think that David Foster and Katharine McPhee make a cute couple? Sound off below.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.