Johnny Depp looks unrecognisable... but we finally know why! Remember the days when Pirates of Caribbean actor Johnny Depp was Hollywood’s most-desired hunk?

Advertisement

Well, that ship has well and truly sailed.

Now fans are concerned there’s something seriously wrong with the 54-year-old.

Over the weekend, photos emerged of Johnny posing with fans at the Four Seasons hotel in St Petersburg, Russia.

And he looked VERY different.

Advertisement

https://www.instagram.com/p/BjkV1gFHZE5/?utm_source=ig_embed

https://www.instagram.com/p/BjSiGZ8haf_/?hl=en&taken-by=johnnydeppofficial

Looking at the snaps, Amber Heard’s ex-husband cuts a pale and gaunt figure.

Fans were also quick to point out just how much weight he appears to have lost, with many speculating it could be a result of potential illness or stress.

Advertisement

Johnny Depp: Then and now

“Is he good health wise?” one person asked, while another guessed, “It’s either stress or he real sick. I’m praying it’s for a movie.”

And they could be right.

Advertisement

Johnny, who is currently touring with his rock tribute band the Hollywood Vampires, is starring in a new film called Richard Says Goodbye.

In the film, the actor is portraying Richard – a college professor who is diagnosed with a terminal illness.

Advertisement

Onlookers who’ve seen Johnny recently agree that this could be the reason behind his drastic transformation.

One person took to Twitter, advising the photos that sparked concerns were actually misleading.

@its_batcounty claimed they saw Johnny in concert and he looked well.

The message encouraged others to share their recent Johnny Depp encounters – all sounding very positive.

Advertisement

Just saw #JohnnyDepp in concert in Hamburg. He looks healthy, happy and he had so much fun. He didn't look sick, pale or thin at all. How pictures can deceive an impression.. — Swiggity Swag (@its_batcountry) June 2, 2018

I met him 2 weeks ago at Foxwoods and he was in absolute perfect health! Happy, smiling, and his hug was fantastic! He's in great shape! — VampirezRock ☠️👽 (@JdeppLove) June 2, 2018

Also when your head is shaved on the sides it can make you look thinner.

Depp has always been more on the thin side his whole life.

I have seen other pics in the same time frame and he looks fine. He was just probably tired in that one shot of him. — Donna Faye Palumbo (@palumbo_faye) June 2, 2018

There was a time when Johnny was deemed Hollywood’s leading heartthrob.

Advertisement

Despite the seemingly reasonable explanation – some pals close to Johnny are concerned.

Chatting to Globe magazine, one insider claimed: “Johnny looks like walking death.”

They alleged, “He lost 35 pounds (15-kilos) in a brief amount of time.”

“His teeth are rotting, his cheeks are sunken, his hair is thinning and falling out and his body is emaciated.”

Advertisement

Adding, “Friends of Johnny are very worried that he could be succumbing to liver disease after years of abusing his body with booze and drugs. There are also concerns about cancer.”

Johnny is yet to speak to address his change in appearance.

Related

FREE home delivery every week! Subscribe TODAY