Trump warns North Korea of 'fire and fury' U.S. will stop issuing nonimmigrant visas in Russia in deepening diplomatic standoff

The U.S. embassy in Moscow (Mladen Antonov / AFP/Getty Images)

In the latest tit-for-tat in the diplomatic standoff between the United States and Russia, the U.S. embassy in Russia announced Monday that it will suspend visa processing for Russian applicants beginning Aug. 23.

The move is a response to Russian President Vladimir Putin’s order for the U.S. to cut its staff at the U.S. embassy and three consulates by 755 people by Sept. 1. Russia also seized a warehouse and a resort complex in Moscow used by U.S. diplomatic staff.

The State Department hasn’t said how many U.S. diplomats will be forced to leave and how many Russian nationals and others who work at the U.S. government will be laid off.

Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he will respond by Sept. 1, but has not yet given a public assessment of how the cuts are likely to impact the vast array of embassy-backed services in Russia, from assisting U.S. businesses to enforcing arms control agreements.

U.S. relations with Moscow have nosedived since Putin’s government seized Crimea and backed separatists in eastern Ukraine in 2014, promping U.S. sanctions.

They worsened last year when U.S. intelligence agencies determined that the Kremlin interfered in the U.S. presidential race in a bid to help Donald Trump win.

President Obama retaliated in December by expelling 35 Russian diplomats who the White House said were spies, and seizing two Russian-owned waterfront compounds - one in New York and the other in Maryland - that it said were used for espionage.

Putin initially did not respond, but his order to cut the U.S. staff last month followed a near-unanimous vote in the U.S. Congress to impose additional sanctions on Russia for its meddling in the election. President Trump later signed the bill into law.

Trump has repeatedly praised Putin and called for improving relations with Moscow. But any attempts to do so have been hampered by the widening FBI investigation into whether his campaign cooperated with the Russian attempts to influence the U.S. election.

The U.S. embassy statement Monday cited the Russian order to cut staff as the reason it was suspending visa processing.

“As a result of the Russian government’s personnel cap imposed on the U.S. Mission, all non-immigrant visa operations across Russia will be suspended beginning August 23, 2017,” the embassy said on its website.

The move will affect Russians applying for tourist, business and other kinds of nonimmigrant visas to the United States.

The U.S. Mission in Russia issued 182,958 visas in 2016, according to the State Department. About 25% were issued at U.S. consulates in St. Petersburg, Ekaterinburg and Vladivostok, and the rest in Moscow.

The embassy said it would begin Monday to cancel appointments for visa interviews. No visas will be processed until Sept. 1, after which all applicants must undergo an interview in Moscow, it said.

Even before the announcement, interview schedules were backed up 45 days or more. After Sept. 1, the embassy warned, visa processing for Russian citizens will be conducted “on a greatly reduced scale.”

Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Moscow would respond after a closer examination of the U.S. announcement. He cautioned against a response that would similarly reduce applications of American applicants for Russian visas, saying that the Russian response would not be intended to punish American citizens.

“If someone hoped that in this case a bad example would be contagious, then he miscalculated,” Lavrov told a news conference Monday.

In Russia’s upper parliament, Andrei Klimov, the deputy head of the Committee on International Affairs, suggested that Russia should respond by reducing visas issued to U.S. citizens.

“The legitimate rights of our citizens must be defended, so if there are any infringements on our citizens, then mirror measures should also be introduced against the citizens of the United States,” Klimov said, according to Interfax, a Russian news agency.

Klimov’s counterpart in Russia’s lower house of parliament, called the Duma, blamed the United States for the nosedive in relations.

“It always comes from the American side,” Leonid Slutsky, who chairs the Duma’s international affairs committee, posted on the Russian social media site VKontakte. “We believe it is testament to Washington’s mood to further accelerate the deterioration of relations with Moscow.”