Madonna Faced ‘Uncomfortable Questions’ Over Malawi Adoption Not so fast! Madonna was hit with a series of “uncomfortable questions” by a judge before she was granted permission to adopt her 4-year-old twin girls from Malawi, the presiding judge said in court documents obtained by The Associated Press on Wednesday, February 8.

“The petitioner is a professional performer and I guarded myself against the danger of her merely reciting a well-rehearsed speech by asking her some rather uncomfortable questions to which she gave very candid answers,” Judge Fiona Mwale said in her ruling, explaining her reasons for approving the adoption.

Related: PHOTOS: 11 Celebrity Parents Who Have Twins From Neil Patrick Harris to Angelina Jolie and now Beyonce, scroll down to see more stars who are mom and dad to twin kids

After pressing Madonna, 58, to explain her intentions in adding two more little ones to her brood of four, Judge Mwale said she was satisfied that the girls would be in good hands with the Material Girl.

“There is no doubt that the petitioner can offer the infants not only the best education money can buy, but also guidance with a high likelihood of ensuring that the two infants grow to be self-sufficient adults,” Judge Mwale said, adding that she is satisfied that Madonna “is motivated by her desire to offer a home, love, protection and guidance to the infants.”

Related: PHOTOS: ’80s Stars: Then and Now While some of today's biggest A-listers got their start in the '80s, many of their famous contemporaries in the "Me" decade live quieter, more low-profile lives today. From Tom Cruise, who bravely donned those tighty whities in Risky Business, to the boys and girls of the Brat Pack, click through to see which stars got their big breaks in the 1980s — and see where they ended up!

In the court documents, Judge Mwale addressed prior controversies surrounding Madonna’s adoptions in Malawi. “In determining her motives, I questioned the petitioner at length about the impact of her decision which could be construed as robbing Malawi of its most precious resource, its children,” the judge wrote.

As previously reported, Madonna filed for adoption in High Court in Malawi on January 25 but tried to keep the process under wraps until a final decision was made. (The Queen of Pop issued a statement denying her adoption to Us Weekly that same day, claiming that she was in Malawi “to check on the children’s hospital in Blantyre.”) According to the AP, she has already raised $7.5 million for a pediatric surgery ward at Queen Elizabeth Central Hospital in Blantyre, which is set to open early next year.

Madonna previously adopted son David and daughter Mercy James, both 11, from Malawi in 2008 and 2009, respectively. She is also mom to daughter Lourdes, 20, whom she shares with ex Carlos Leon, and son Rocco, 16, whom she shares with ex-husband Guy Ritchie.

Related: Madonna’s Best — and Worst! — Looks of All Time As the Material Girl, 53, celebrates her eighth number one album with MDNA, look back on the reinvention queen's not-so-triumphant look

Madonna’s twin girls will retain their birth names as a part of an effort to preserve their identity as Malawian nationals, the court documents said, and their father was at the January 25 court hearing with Madonna. (The twins’ mother died within a week of childbirth due to health complications.)

On Wednesday, February 8, Madonna took to social media to share the happy news. “I can officially confirm I have completed the process of adopting twin sisters from Malawi and am overjoyed that they are now part of our family,” she captioned an image of herself walking between the two little girls. “I am deeply grateful to all those in Malawi who helped make this possible, and I ask the media please to respect our privacy during this transitional time. 🙏🏻 Thank you also to my friends, family and my very large team for all your support and Love!”