Donald Trump kicked One Direction out of his hotel for refusing to meet his daughter Your support helps us to tell the story Read more Support Now From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging. At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story. The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it. Your support makes all the difference. Read more

President Donald Trump kicked boyband One Direction out of one of his hotels after they refused to meet his grown up daughter, it has been revealed.

Band member Liam Payne let the news slip in a brand new interview with Rollacoaster.

Payne stated that Trump had phoned their room asking if they'd be happy to meet either Ivanka or Tiffany - which daughter remains unclear - and their manager declined after refusing to wake them up.

He said: “Trump actually kicked us out of his hotel once. You wouldn’t believe it. It was about (meeting) his daughter. He phoned up our manager and we were asleep.

Trump then proceeded to throw the entire band out of the hotel, and even refused to let them leave through a secret exit.

Payne continued: “He said ‘well, wake them up’ and I was like ‘no’ and then he wouldn’t let us use the underground garage. Obviously, in New York, we can’t really go outside. New York is ruthless for us. So he was like, ‘OK, then I don’t want you in my hotel.’ So we had to leave.”

One Direction are currently on an extended hiatus with each member currently enjoying solo careers; Payne's first record will be released later this year.

Payne's fellow bandmate Niall Horan recently promised fans that the band would 'definitely' reunite one day in the future.