‘My trousers are too tight!’ Prince William’s shock confession to Prince Harry We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

Royal Wedding: Prince Harry arrives at the chapel 1769451391yKCFRml2

Harry, 33, received loud cheers and a rapturous applause from the thousands of people outside St George’s Chapel in Windsor in the run up to his vows to Meghan.

The Prince was in relaxed mood as he said "I’m alright" in a heartwarming exchange with his 35-year-old brother as they entered the church, who joked "my trousers are too tight" as he complained that his military uniform wasn’t the ideal fit. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Both Princes are wearing black and gold uniforms of the Blues and Royals, similar to Harry’s outfit for William’s wedding to Kate Middleton in 2011.

The uniforms are tailored at Dege & Skinner on Saville Row, and they also received permission from the Queen to wear their Army uniforms to the ceremony.

Harry is sporting a beard, despite reports he might shave it off in line with Army rules that ban facial hair, but as he is no longer a serving member of the forces, he is allowed to break with convention. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

PA Prnce William joked to Prince Harry that his trousers were too tight

The Prince’s frock coat, which is ranked to Major with large gold embroidered crowns, is made from blue doeskin. It is single-breasted with a stand-up collar, complete with figured braiding of Regimental pattern. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

The uniform is cut and made by hand, while the detailed sleeve took one person one week to complete.

The badge on the left chest is Pilots’ Wings attained whilst serving with the Army Air Corps for flying Apache helicopters.

The trousers are made from blue and black wool barathea and are fastened by a leather strap and buckle underneath the boot.

AFP / GETTY Prince Harry's uniform was cut and made by hand

The hat is a Blues and Royals Forage Cap, and the white buckskin waist belt has a Regimental belt and slings.

Prince William is wearing the same uniform as his brother, also to the Rank of Major.

The Wings he is wearing are those attained flying helicopters whilst serving with the RAF, while the two medals below from left to right are: Queen’s Golden Jubilee and Queen’s Diamond Jubilee.