Meghan Markle Has ‘Lost Sleep Over Relatives’ As Wedding Nears Meghan Markle’s nerves are starting to set in as her May 19 nuptials to Prince Harry approach. After estranged family members of the future princess, 36, revealed that they weren’t invited to the upcoming royal wedding, they are still making it their business to catch a glimpse of her special day.

Related: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s Wedding: Everything We Know So Far Wedding bells are ringing! Ever since Prince Harry and Meghan Markle announced their engagement on November 27, the world has been anxiously awaiting their wedding day. The couple, who met in London in July 2016 and confirmed their relationship that November, have shared updates with the public throughout the planning process. Here’s everything we know […]

A source reveals in the new issue of Us Weekly now her half-sister Samantha Grant as well as nephew Tyler Dooley (her half-brother Thomas Markle Jr.’s son) and his mother (her ex-sister-in-law), Tracy, will be flying down to London to be TV wedding correspondents.

“Meghan is really worried about some these members of her family,” the insider says. “She hasn’t spoken to them in years.”

To make matters more difficult, since the actress and 33-year-old Captain General of the Royal Marines announced their engagement, Markle’s family have been speaking to the press about her. “She’s lost sleep over relatives who’ve screwed her over,” the source says. “It’s the one thing she’s struggled with most since meeting Harry, especially after the engagement.”

Related: The Markle Effect: See How Prince Harry’s Style Has Changed Since Meeting Meghan Markle Prince Harry turns 34 on Saturday, September 15, and he’s never looked better! His rugged style and boyish charm have long earned him a legion of admirers, yet we can’t help but notice the royal has upped his fashion game since meeting Meghan Markle in 2016. While the ginger has always had a penchant for trousers […]

The insider adds that “she’s finding it really hard to trust people she meets now.”

This is not the first time that the Suits star’s estranged relatives have commented on her relationship with the prince. After Prince Harry commented that the royals are the “family she never had,” Markle’s clan hit back at his remarks.

Related: Meghan Markle Through the Years Meghan Markle has come a long way from her California roots. The daughter of retired lighting director Thomas Markle and former makeup artist Doria Ragland got her start in showbiz with a single-episode appearance on soap opera General Hospital. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid […]

Grant also exclusively told Us Weekly a month before his comments that her regal romance has “created rifts between” the family.

But for now, as the wedding date nears, the close pal says Markle’s trying to relax and avoid “paying attention” to any of the family drama.