Prince Harry & Meghan Markle Relationship Timeline Every item on this page was chosen by a Town & Country editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle met back in 2016, and their life has been a whirlwind ever since. From their secret courtship to their fairytale wedding, a growing family, and a move across the pond, here is the history of their royal relationship.

How Prince Harry and Meghan Markle they met

Harry's first glimpse of Meghan wasn't exactly conventional. In the Netflix docuseries Harry & Meghan, the prince revealed that he first saw Meghan on a mutual friend's social media when she shared a photo of herself using the Snapchat dog filter. The unnamed friend (E! News has claimed Harry's friend Violet von Westenholz is the one who introduced them, but others have speculated it was fashion designer Mischa Nonoo) ultimately set them up on a blind date in July 2016, while Meghan was in London for Wimbledon.

Despite Prince Harry's global fame, Markle says she didn't have a lot of preconceived notions about who he was before they met. "Because I’m from the States, you don’t grow up with the same understanding of the royal family," she explained during the BBC interview. "I didn’t know much about him, so the only thing that I had asked [our mutual friend] when she said that she wanted to set us up, was, 'Well is he nice?' Cause if he wasn't kind, it just didn’t seem like it would make sense."

More Details on the Couple: Harry and Meghan's Sweetest Moments

Meghan also revealed that she scoped out Harry' s secret Instagram account before agreeing to the date. "That to me was the best barometer," she said on Harry & Meghan. "So I went through and it was just beautiful photography and all these environmental shots, and this time he was spending in Africa."

The date got off to a slightly rocky start. "We met at 76 Dean Street. You were late!" Meghan exclaimed in the docuseries when the couple spoke about their first date, revealing that Harry kept her waiting for around half and hour after getting stuck in traffic.

Still, the chemistry was immediate. "He was just so fun, just so refreshingly fun. And that was the thing. We were like childlike together," she said on the show.

At the photo call in the Kensington Palace gardens following their engagement announcement, Harry was asked when he knew Markle was the one. He quickly replied, "the very first time we met."

Things moved quickly from there. The couple went on a second date (this time Meghan was late) and Prince Harry then invited Markle to accompany him on a trip to Africa just three or four weeks later. "I managed to persuade her to come and join me in Botswana and we camped out with each other under the stars," he said, describing the whirlwind romance. "Then we were really by ourselves, which was crucial to me to make sure that we had a chance to get to know each other."

Inside Their Third Date: Photos of Harry & Meghan in Botswana

"It just felt so right, and it felt so normal," Harry added in Harry & Meghan. "That was when it just hit me, like, 'Okay, this girl, this woman is amazing, is everything I've been looking for, and she's so comfortable and so relaxed in my company.'"

YouTube Prince Harry and Meghan Markle during the televised interview following the announcement of their engagement.

The news gets out.

After four months of quiet dating, the news finally leaked on October 31, 2016 that Prince Harry was dating an American actress. A source told the Sunday Express that Harry is “happier than he’s been for many years” and is "besotted" with the Markle. According to Palace Papers author Tina Brown, "a servant tip from the House of York" led to tabloids discovering Harry and Meghan's relationship.

More on That Leak Here: House of York Leaked Harry & Meghan's Relationship

On the same day, Markle posted a sweet photo on her Instagram of two bananas spooning, possibly hinting at the new love in her life.

Of this period, Markle later said: "We had a good five, six months almost with just privacy, which was amazing."

Meghan meets the family.

In November 2016, the Vancouver Sun published an interview with Markle promoting her collection for retailer Reitmans. In the interview, she discussed her collaboration with Reitmans, her charity work with World Vision, and her plans for the holidays. Though she avoided any mention of Harry, she happily said, “So, my cup runneth over and I’m the luckiest girl in the world!”

Around the same time, People reported that Harry had already introduced the actress to his father, Prince Charles. But in Harry & Meghan Harry reveals that his "grandmother was the first senior member of the family that Meghan met."

"She had no idea what it all consisted of," he continued. "So it was a bit of a shock to the system for her."

"It's surreal. It wasn't like some big moment of like, 'Now you're going to meet my grandmother," Meghan shared in the docuseries. "I didn't know I was going to meet her until moments before. We were in the car, and we were going to Royal Lodge for lunch. And he's like, 'Oh my grandmother's here, she's gonna be there after church.'"

"And I remember we were in the car and we were driving up and he's like 'You know how to curtsy right?' And I just thought it was a joke," Meghan said.

"How do you explain that to people? How do you explain that you bow to your grandmother and that you would need to curtsy? Especially to an American. That's weird," Harry said.

Harry makes a statement in defense of Meghan.

Harry confirmed his relationship with Markle in a formal statement November 8, 2016. In the statement, Harry also pleads the press and trolls on social media to stop the “wave of abuse and harassment" that had been directed at his girlfriend.

Getty Images

According to Harry, he has been involved with “nightly legal battles” to stop the media from publishing defamatory stories about Markle and their relationship.

Prince Harry is worried about Ms. Markle’s safety and is deeply disappointed that he has not been able to protect her. It is not right that a few months into a relationship with him that Ms. Markle should be subjected to such a storm. He knows commentators will say this is ‘the price she has to pay’ and that ‘this is all part of the game’. He strongly disagrees. This is not a game - it is her life and his.

During the BBC interview, Harry revealed that both he and Markle were taken aback by the media scrutiny. "I think both of us were totally surprised by the reaction."" In , his memoir, Harry also writes about his decision to release the statement.

More Insights From Harry's Memoir: The Biggest Revelations From Prince Harry's Spare

Many assumed that Markle would be prepared for the onslaught of attention because she had been in the public eye as an actress, but little could have prepared her for what was to come. "There was a misconception that because I have worked in the entertainment industry that this would be something I would be familiar with," she said. "But I've never been part of tabloid culture. I've never been in pop culture to that degree and and lived a relatively quiet life."

Getty Images Prince Harry with school children in Antigua in November, 2016.

Her answer, she told the BBC, was to tune out the noise. "I think we were just hit so hard at the beginning with a lot of mistruths that I made the choice to not read anything, positive or negative. It just didn't make sense and instead we focused all of our energies just on nurturing our relationship."



On November 18, she shared a Mahatma Gandhi quote on her Instagram, which many people interpreted as a response to Harry's statement on their relationship.

Even Prince William is forced to weigh in.

On November 27, 2016, Prince William released a statement to clear up rumors that he was unhappy with his brother's decision to open up about his relationship. A portion of the statement reads, “The Duke of Cambridge absolutely understands the situation concerning privacy and supports the need for Prince Harry to support those closest to him."

Harry and Meghan continue to grow closer

In early December 2016, Markle is photographed in Toronto wearing a gold necklace featuring the letters “M” and “H.” Later that month, she and Harry are spotted together picking out a 6-foot Christmas tree, and in London's West End holding hands on their way to see the Tony award-winning show The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Nighttime. According to The Sun, the couple walk through the Soho area while admiring the Christmas lights throughout Piccadilly Circus.

Getty Images

The Queen approves

According to Us Weekly, the Queen is “fully supportive” and another source revealed that the Queen is “delighted to see Harry in a loving relationship.”

Getty Images

Markle spoke of meeting the Queen during their BBC interview. "It's incredible to be able to meet her through his lens, not just with his honor and respect for her as the monarch, but the love that he has for her as his grandmother. She's an incredible woman."

After spending Christmas with their own families, the couple spends New Year's together in London.

Meghan's family makes the news.

Meghan’s half-brother Thomas Markle Jr. discloses to the Daily Mail that their father has been aware of Meghan's relationship since it began. In the interview, Thomas says his father is, “pretty happy about Harry and he’s extremely proud of her."

Read More About Thomas Markle: Who Is Meghan Markle's Dad?

At their engagement announcement, Markle revealed that her father has spoken with Harry several times, but he "hasn't been able to meet him just yet." As Thomas Markle did not attend the royal wedding, and his relationship with his daughter is somewhat fraught, it's unclear in early 2022 if he has ever met his royal son in law.

A romantic trip to Norway.

After spending New Year's in London, the couple embarks on a romantic trip to Norway. This is the first time that the often incognito couple vacation together and according to Us Weekly, Harry planned the romantic getaway so that the two could to catch the Northern Lights. The couple stay with Harry's close friend, Inge Solheim, at his luxury property in Tromsø, Norway. A source tells the sun The Sun that Harry "put a lot of thought into it and wanted to make it as romantic and special as possible.”

Getty Images

Meghan meets Kate and Charlotte.

According to Us Weekly, in early 2017 Harry introduced his girlfriend to his sister-in-law Kate Middleton and Princess Charlotte at apartment 1A at Kensington Palace. According to the magazine, Kate and Markle, "got on fabulously."

Getty Images

"She's been wonderful," Markle said of Kate. "Amazing," continued Harry. "As has William as well, you know, fantastic support."



In the docuseries, Meghan recounted the first time she met Kate, but didn't share a date. "It's so funny if I look back at it now, because now I know so much, and I'm so glad I didn't then," Meghan said, "because I could just authentically be myself without so much preparedness."

She recounts, "Even when Will and Kate came over, and I had met her for the first time... They came for dinner, I remember I was in ripped jeans and I was barefoot. I was a hugger, always been a hugger. I didn't realize that that is really jarring for a lot of Brits."

Maintaining a long-distance relationship.

Though Markle filmed her USA Network series Suits in Toronto, Canada, she and Harry are spotted in early February holding hands while leaving West London's Soho House. According to The Sun, on-lookers at the member's only club say that the couple tried to remain low key by sitting in a cozy corner of the restaurant. A friend close to the couple also reportedly tells The Sun that a spring engagement is imminent: “I know that sounds a bit crazily soon, but he’s head over heels and they can’t bear to be apart.”

After a two-month break from social media, Markle shared an Instagram post on February 12 that said, "#NoBadEnergy."

In March, the couple traveled together to Montego Bay, Jamaica to attend the wedding of Harry's childhood friend Tom “Skippy” Inskip. Markle is Harry's plus one to the wedding as the prince serves as one of the ceremony's 14 ushers. A source later revealed to People, that the two were incredibly "joyful" during the wedding festivities, and seemed very much in love.

In April, Harry flew from England to spend Easter weekend with Markle in Toronto. Photos are released by E! Online and reveal the young prince wearing a baseball cap and toting a large duffle bag while entering Markle’s building.

Meghan's life begins to change.

In April, Markle announced that she would shut down her lifestyle website, The Tig, which she had founded three years earlier. In a statement shared on both the Tig website and her Instagram, Markle said:

What began as a passion project (my little engine that could) evolved into an amazing community of inspiration, support, fun and frivolity. You’ve made my days brighter and filled this experience with so much joy. Keep finding those Tig moments of discovery, keep laughing and taking risks, and keep being the change you wish to see in the world."

Though it is rumored that Markle shut down her passion project as a sacrifice to her royal relationship, a source told People that the real reason was her busy schedule, balancing charity work with shooting Suits.



Read More About the Tig: Meghan Markle Shutting Down Her Lifestyle Website

The couple steps out.

Markle and Harry made their first public appearance as a couple (and shared a kiss) at the annual Audi Polo Challenge in Ascot, England. As Harry participated in the games, Markle, wearing a chic navy dress and white blazer, cheered on her prince from the sidelines. The couple was later snapped engaging in some PDA off-site in the polo parking lot.

Getty Images

Markle was back in London in May for Pippa Middleton's wedding, arriving days ahead of the festivities. According to E! Online, the actress landed at London's Heathrow Airport and was immediately escorted to Kensington Palace. While Markle did not attend the ceremony, she did reportedly go to the reception.



A big birthday trip

The couple traveled to Africa in August 2017—a year after their first trip to the continent—for a romantic getaway in celebration of Markle's 36th birthday. Over the course of their three-week vacation, they visited Botswana and finished their travels at the stunning Victoria Falls.

Meghan opens up

Markle spoke openly about her relationship for the first time in the October 2017 issue of Vanity Fair. "We’re a couple. We’re in love. I’m sure there will be a time when we will have to come forward and present ourselves and have stories to tell, but I hope what people will understand is that this is our time," she says in the cover story. "This is for us. It’s part of what makes it so special, that’s just ours. But we’re happy. Personally, I love a great love story."

That month, Markle also accompanied Prince Harry to an official royal appearance for the first time at the Invictus Games opening ceremony. Over the course of the games, cameras catch the pair holding hands at the the Wheelchair Tennis semi-final and spending time with Markle's mother, Doria Ragland. The couple even share a sweet smooch at the closing ceremony.

Their First Official Appearance: Meghan and Harry Together at the Invictus Games

At this point, Harry has met Markle's mother several times. "Her mum's amazing," Harry said during the BBC interview.

Engaged!

After months of speculation, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle finally announced their engagement on November 27, 2017. The couple is "thrilled and happy" to be engaged, and marked the news with a celebratory photoshoot and a formal interview. Read all about the news here.

Chris Jackson // Getty Images

Their engagement

In the months leading up to the wedding, Meghan was introduced not only to the British public, but also to life as a working royal, as she attends official events alongside her fiancé Harry, all the while planning the wedding of the year.

The wedding

Tens of millions of people from around the world tuned in to see the couple wed at Windsor Castle on May 19. They had high-profile guests like Oprah, David and Victoria Beckham, and of course the royal family, but all eyes were on the bride, who wore a stunning Givenchy gown for the ceremony and a chic halter Stella McCartney dress for the reception at the Frogmore House.

In their official portraits, released May 21, two days after the wedding, the couple looked more in love than ever.

Alexi Lubomirski/Kensington Palace via AP) Meghan and Harry’s official wedding portrait.

Harry and Meghan start a family!

On October 15, Kensington Palace announced that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were expecting their first child. The announcement came as the couple landed in Australia for their first joint royal tour.

Newspix // Getty Images The couple landing in Sydney, Australia.

On May 6, 2019, Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor arrived! The baby boy is now seventh in line for the throne and he is the Queen and Prince Philip's eighth great grandchild. Harry's father, Prince Charles and his stepmother, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall said that they are "delighted" with the royal baby's arrival, as did the Queen, Duke of Edinburgh, and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.

WPA Pool // Getty Images Here’s one of the first photos of the family of three.

All About Archie: The Cutest Photos of Prince Archie

The Sussexes step back from their royal roles.

In January 2020, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex first made it clear that they intended to step back from their roles as working royals. After some negotiation, the Windsors agreed to let them pursue their own private business arrangements, provided that the Sussexes cease using the word "royal" in any professional branding.

Harry and Meghan officially transitioned to their new lives at the end of March 2020, after returning briefly to the UK to undertake a final round of engagements. Subsequently, the duo settled down with Archie in Santa Barbara, California. They've launched a number of projects in the interim, including inking deals with Netflix and Spotify, and launching their new non-profit, Archewell.

A second baby Sussex!

On Valentine's Day of 2021, Harry and Meghan revealed that they were expecting their second child. “We can confirm that Archie is going to be a big brother. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are overjoyed to be expecting their second child,” a spokesperson for the couple said. The duo also released a sweet portrait to celebrate the news.

Photo by Misan Harriman, Copyright owned by The Duke and Duchess of Sussex © 2021 Harry and Meghan are expecting again!

The Queen confirms the Sussexes won't return to the fold.

Nearly a year after officially transitioning out of the working royal roles, the Sussexes confirmed—along with Queen Elizabeth—that the move was permanent. Buckingham Palace and the royal couple released simultaneous statements on February 19, 2021, announcing the news.

The palace's statement announced that Harry and Meghan would not be able to hold royal patronages, and that Harry's military appointments would also have to be returned. It concluded, "While all are saddened by their decision, The Duke and Duchess remain much loved members of the family."

For their part, Harry and Meghan noted in their statement that they “remain committed to their duty and service" and "have offered their continued support to the organizations they have represented regardless of official role.” It added, “We can all live a life of service. Service is universal.”

The Duke and Duchess sit down for a landmark interview with Oprah.

According to , 17.3 million people watched the highly anticipated conversation live. In the two-hour interview, Meghan and Harry discussed everything from their royal wedding to the sex of their second child (they're expecting a baby girl!) to their reasoning for stepping back as senior members of the royal family. (Learn more about the revelations from the couple's interview .)

Handout // Getty Images Harry and Meghan sit down for an interview with Oprah Winfrey.

The Biggest Revelations: What We Learned from the Sussexes' Oprah Interview

Lilibet 'Lili' Diana Mountbatten-Windsor is born.

On Sunday, June 6, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle announced that their daughter was born at The Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital in Santa Barbara, California on Friday, June 4 at 11:40 a.m. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex named their second born after her great grandmother, Queen Elizabeth, whose family nickname is Lilibet, and her much beloved late grandmother the Princess of Wales.

They head back to the UK.

Ahead of the Invictus Games, Harry and Meghan visited the Queen in Windsor, their first joint trip back to the UK since stepping back from their royal roles. In June, they attended the Platinum Jubilee celebrations alongside the rest of the royal family. As a spokesperson confirmed in early May, “Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children.”

They were spotted several times over the course of the weekend, including at the National Service of Thanksgiving, which marked Meghan's first royal event since stepping back from her senior royal role.

Samir Hussein // Getty Images Harry and Meghan at the St Paul’s service in honor of the Queen.

Later that year they would return again for a charity trip, but would stay for much longer than expected, following Queen Elizabeth's death. Upon the his grandmother's passing, Harry said in a statement , "Granny, while this final parting brings us great sadness, I am forever grateful for all of our first meetings—from my earliest childhood memories with you, to meeting you for the first time as my Commander-in-Chief, to the first moment you met my darling wife and hugged your beloved great-grandchildren. I cherish these times shared with you, and the many other special moments in between. You are already sorely missed, not just by us, but by the world over."

They share all about their love story in Harry & Meghan, a Netflix docuseries.

The six episode docuseries (watch a trailer above) dropped in December 2022, and offered new insights into their love story and post-royal life—plus adorable glimpses of their children. "It’s nice to be able to trust someone with our story—a seasoned director whose work I’ve long admired—even if it means it may not be the way we would have told it. But that’s not why we’re telling it. We’re trusting our story to someone else, and that means it will go through their lens," Meghan said in an interview.

The Sussexes continue making a new life in California.

As of 2024, Harry and Meghan are currently living in Montecito with their two children. They have a lot more in the works, including Meghan's new project, American Riviera Orchard , and Harry's continued support for his Invictus Games .

Go Inside Their Montecito Home: Prince Harry Offers Rare Peek Into His Cali Home