Selena Gomez Reunites With David Henrie in First Instagram Story It’s a Disney reunion! Selena Gomez reunited with her former Wizards of Waverly Place costar David Henrie in her first Instagram Story on Saturday, January 7.

In honor of the five-year anniversary of the Disney Channel sitcom’s 2012 series finale, the friends shared some hilarious anecdotes and mused about what their Wizards characters, siblings Alex and Justin, would be doing today.

We had the best time last night. We dreamed up what our wizards characters are doing present day lol, and talked about the fact that I started all of @selenagomez social media platforms 😉 A post shared by David Henrie (@davidhenrie) on Jan 8, 2017 at 11:00am PST

Related: PHOTOS: Costars Reunited! Nothing like a little reunion! Stars from both TV and film are constantly reuniting in Hollywood, whether it be on a red carpet or for a new project. Check out stars -- from shows and movies like That '70s Show, Saved by the Bell and Full House -- that have come together years after they took their last bows together

“David, I think we should do a reunion,” Gomez, 24, joked as Henrie, 27, replied, “I think we should do a reunion where Justin is still running the college … and Justin has, like, 15 children.”

“But you have kids,” the “Hands to Myself” singer interrupted. “Alex is for sure single.”

Related: PHOTOS: See Selena Gomez’s Sexiest Styles Through the Years From Disney darling to sizzling star! See Selena Gomez's steamiest ensembles through the years, both on and off the stage.

The How I Met Your Mother alum then quipped that costar Jake T. Austin‘s character, Max, is likely selling sandwiches on the street. Gomez added that although her character might be single, she’s still “killing the game.”

Henrie also took to Instagram on Sunday, captioning a photo with Gomez: “We had the best time last night. We dreamed up what our wizards characters are doing present day lol, and talked about the fact that I started all of @selenagomez social media platforms.”

Wizards of Waverly Place aired from 2007 to 2012. The series won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Children’s Program in 2009 and 2012, and the eponymous film adaptation took home the same award in 2010.

Related: PHOTOS: Disney Stars Through the Years From Lindsay Lohan to Ryan Gosling, see which celebs got their start working for the Mouse

Gomez has been busy recording the follow-up to her successful 2015 album, Revival, after a three-month stint in rehab, which she opened up about at the 2016 American Music Awards in November, saying, “I had to stop because I had everything and I was absolutely broken inside. … If you are broken, you do not have to stay broken.”