Kourtney Kardashian and Younes Bendjima Split After Nearly Two Years It’s a Kourt-ordered breakup! Kourtney Kardashian and Younes Bendjima have ended their nearly two-year relationship, and the 39-year-old reality star was the one who wanted out, a source confirms to Us Weekly.

Related: Celebrity Splits of 2018 Calling it quits. Scroll through to see which celebs broke up with their significant others this year. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly Deal […]

Bendjima, 26, has since headed to Mexico, where he was spotted getting handsy with former Las Vegas waitress Jordan Ozuna on Monday, August 6, according to TMZ. (Ozuna was previously linked to Tyga and Justin Bieber.)

Kardashian and Bendjima started dating in 2016 after meeting at Paris Fashion Week that October, and before long, they seemed totally smitten. “Younes and Kourtney are great,” a source exclusively told Us Weekly in August 2017 of their romance. “The relationship is still developing and it’s getting more serious.”

Related: Kourtney Kardashian and Younes Bendjima’s Romance in Pictures From Los Angeles to France, Kourtney Kardashian can’t stop showing off her hot romance with model Younes Bendjima — click through to see the couple’s sexiest moments

The couple still seemed happy as recently as June 2018, when they took a romantic vacation to Italy, visiting Rome and Capri with her kids in tow.

But in July 2018, breakup rumors started circulating after Bendjima left a harsh comment on a photo Kardashian posted on Instagram, a pic in which she’s wearing a floral thong. “Thats what you need to show to get likes?” he asked.

“It was him trying to make a joke, and it wasn’t perceived well on Instagram,” a source later told Us Weekly. “He doesn’t realize that making a joke could be perceived as something totally different or negative.” (TMZ reports the Instagram comment wasn’t the cause of the split.)

Related: Most Shocking Celebrity Splits Many celebrity splits have rocked Hollywood over the years, including Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin as well as Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan. Tatum and Dewan’s love story began on the set of 2006’s Step Up, where they costarred as onscreen love interests. The duo tied the knot in 2009 and welcomed daughter Everly in 2013. […]

Prior to the relationship, Bendjima reportedly dated model Jourdan Dunn, and Kardashian had a nine-year relationship with Scott Disick, the father of her three children.