Mystery Man (Dream Man, #1) Exhibit A

SNEAKS

I felt a hand light on the small of my back

I felt the intense warmth of Hawk's hand at the Small of my back

as his hand slid out of my dress and up to the small of my back

a warm hand hit the small of my back

Exhibit B

Exhibit C

....Okay. I COULD through a huge ass hissy fit, fill this space with *head-desk* giffs and bash this book to tethers, but I won't.I won't because I pride myself in being a fair reviewer, and because the author tried, she went out there, took her time , wrote a book, hired an editor, got a publisher, you get the drift. The woman, I presume, gave it her all, and I don't want to bash that, instead, my dearest Goodreaders, I will present to you the following evidence and leave you to decide what is fair and not...Sluts & Alpha MalesYou know, I have no issues with sluts, I mean we all have the capacity to be sluts, and I'm not berating our main character for being one, I'm just stating that, well, she is a slut.In a nut shell:Our female lead, Gwen, had a one night stand with a guy one night, and ever since then he's been coming back for more. That's ok, except she doens't know his name and knows nothing about him. That's okay too. What's NOT ok, is that hein at night, she doens't know how, she doesnt know when, all she knows is:That's how he alerts her of his presence, so basically this guy sneaks into her home, wakes her up by putting his hand on her back, has sex with her, and fucks off. nice. nice. The guy is OBSESSED with the small of her back!I could go on. It's just so redundant!Anyways, when they finally meet in the light of day (this is better explained inwe discover that Cabe "Haw" Delgade, yes that is his name, is a domineering, bossy, infurtiating Alpha Male, by the end of the book we discover he's the way he is because his wife and daughter died in a tragic accident and he lost his marbles and became over protective, fine, I understand but that does NOT justify the following behaviour:1. He thinks the best solution to deal with Gwen is to manhandle her. Examples:Gwen: This relationship is overHawk: *pushes her up against the wall and holds her jaw in place* It's over when I say it isGwen: *having a bitch fit because someone just shot at her*Hawk: *pushes her up against the wall and holds her jaw in place* calm down.Gwen: Get out of my house I dont want to see you anymoreHawk: *hauls her to bed,hugs her to him, locks her with his legs* Go to sleep Gwen.Why. Why?! I don't agree with characters like this, I strongly don't agree with horny female characters either. The only reason she stays with him is because when he manhandles her, ALTHOUGH SHE SAYS SHE'S ANGRY, she ends up kissing him.How can a guy push you around like that, and then just kiss you and make it all better?! You see? Slut.2. All the time they have been having an affair and she did not know his name, he had his "commandos" following her around, he knows what time she eats, what time she sleeps, who she hangs out with, her parents history, EVERYTHING. He's also got security cameras everywhere in her house. Stalker? No! According to Gwen, this means he cares! Aww.In addition to all this sillines, Gwen is also attracted to 2 OTHER guys. She harps on and on about how she loves Hawk, then somehow ends up kissing the other 2. Oopthiee! Fuck off.Plot FailureI don't understand the side plot myself. Gwen's step sister is a crack whore who stole money from some dangerous people, but she also owes this biker gang (which is headed by one of Gwen's love interests) money and then there is her best friend, another crack whore, Darla, who wants to kill her.I STILL dont know what Hawk does, but he has money to drive a camaro, he install security systems, he has "commandos", his office is a high tech CSI Miami scene, he has guns, he managed to beat up 3 guys while he was tied up from his ankles.So we have one biker leader, one mystery alpha dominant male and one detective whose trying to solve the case all with the hots for Gwen.So basically, as a summaryEveryone likes Gwen, Gwen likes Hawk, and everyone elses's kisses, Hawk's wife died, Gwen's sister is a crack whore, Lawson (the detective), Hawk and Tank(the biker), spend their time trying to protect Gwen and make her love them, a bunch of kidnappings occur, and finally, obviously, Gwen and Hawk hook up, and EVERYONE IN THE BOOK STAYS FRIENDS FOREVER!Grammar NaziEveryone called each other "babe" :Hawk to Gwen. Gwen to Hawk, Gwen to her friends, her friends to each other, Gwen to lawson , lawson to Gwen, Gwens mom to Gwen, Gwen to her crack whore sister. Which amounted to Babe/Baby being repeated!!! As if that wasn't bad enough, the author felt the need to be creative and bombarded us with:Honey - 45 timesSweet Pea- 70 timesPeaches- 19 timesFor some reason all the characters had the grammar and vocabulary skills of a Gangster who dropped out of school in the 5th grade, while Gwen graced us with the "word" "Um" 71 times.SEVENTY ONE TIMES.Nough Said.You know why I got angry? Because I LOVE mindless chick flicks, and I was willing to forgo so maanny of the above, in fact, the first few chapters had me ROLLING ON THE GROUND with laughter. Then BAM , slamming to walls and manhandling occurs, and that is just not my peice of cake.All I can say is:This is your fault Christian Grey.