Here's Why Kylie Jenner Decided to Stop Sharing Pictures of Stormi Kylie Jenner is back at Paris Fashion Week—and she seemingly made a statement about the nonstop criticism of her face by partially covering herself up. Kylie arrived to the Schiaparelli show looking chic in a curve-hugging pink gown, which she paired with a piece of netting that covered her entire head.

Neil Mockford // Getty Images

Neil Mockford // Getty Images

The last time Kylie was in Paris was for Fashion Week was back in January, when people had a lot to say about her appearance at the Jean Paul Gaultier Haute Couture show—where she was photographed in minimal makeup.

Quick Update on These Two An Investigative Timeline of Timmy and Kylie

The reality star opened up about the criticism/bullying on The Kardashians, telling her sister Kendall Jenner that “It’s a miracle that I still have confidence and I can still look in the mirror and think that I am pretty. Because I just feel like after Paris there was this picture, which, for the first time I was like, 'We are not going to wear a lot of makeup.' And it's like I wear too much makeup and it's like 'you're wearing too much makeup.' Then I go and don't wear a lot of makeup and someone catches me in a weird light. You can look at pictures since I'm 13, I just have these lines, but I have had them since I was a child.”



An emotional Kylie then added, “I went on a journey last year dissolving like half of my lip filler. I hate even having this conversation over and over and over again, because it feels like it’s a waste of my breath. Because I think with me it is never going to change.”

She went on to say, “I have never cried about this before but I guess it does affect me. And then I'll see some comments and someone will be like, 'This is really mean' and defend me, like 'Why are we talking about her looks? It’s 2024’ And I'll see other comments that are like, ‘Because she did it to herself. She fucked up her face and had so much surgery.' Even if I did get so much surgery, and I got all these things, I still don’t think it is okay to talk about someone’s looks. People have been talking about my looks since I was 12, 13. Before I even got lip filler, people would talk about my looks.”

Watch their emotional chat here: