All the times Alex Rodriguez was enamored with Jennifer Lopez at the VMAs Alex Rodriguez is worthy of an award just for his reactions to Jennifer Lopez at the 2018 MTV Video Music Awards.

The retired baseball star accompanied his girlfriend to the awards show, where she was honored with the Video Vanguard Award and gave an epic performance.

The love story started in the car on the way to the show, when Rodriguez took a selfie of their crew, including Lopez’s kids.

Alex Rodriguez snapped photos of J.Lo walking the VMAs red carpet. (Photo: Getty)

Advertisement Advertisement

When they hit the red carpet, A-Rod stood back while photographers captured the 49-year-old in all her glistening glory. He was just as starstruck as the crowd of fans, admiring his lady from afar and snapping pics.

This was really A.Rod JLo’s entire performance. I need my next man to bring this level of support to all my endeavors. #VMAs pic.twitter.com/qyq0o3eUNH — Sylvia Obell (@SylviaObell) August 21, 2018

If you not looking at me like how A Rod looking at JLO I don’t want you 🙂 #VMAs2018 #jloVMAs pic.twitter.com/2r0YaPftS9 — ASH 💋 (@mamiash_) August 21, 2018

Rodriguez couldn’t hide his pride as she took the stage to perform a slew of her hits. He might have been more impressed than anyone else in the audience, and viewers loved it.

Advertisement Advertisement

“If you not looking at me like how A Rod looking at JLO I don’t want you,” one Twitter user wrote.

The couple, who have been warming hearts since rumors of their relationship started swirling in March 2017, proved they are going strong Monday night. “Alex, you’re like my twin soul,” Lopez said in her acceptance speech after performing. “We’re like mirror images of each other. My life is sweeter and better with you in it because you make me realize every day the sky is not the limit. The universe is infinite and so is what we can accomplish together with love, trust, and understanding. There is so much more to do, to experience, and there’s no one I’d rather do it with, baby. You’re my macho, and I love you.”

As a few fans put it, “find someone that supports you like @AROD supports @JLo.”

Read more from Yahoo Lifestyle:

Follow us on Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter for nonstop inspiration delivered fresh to your feed, every day.