Tom Cruise's secret correspondence with daughter Suri As far as the wider world is aware, Tom Cruise has not seen his daughter, Suri, for more than five years.

Advertisement

The 56-year-old actor reportedly takes the estrangement to extreme lengths, not wanting to see his 12 year-old daughter on social media and very rarely mentioning her, at least publicly.

Insiders revealed to Star magazine that the reason Suri is allegedly not allowed to speak to her father publicly is that of his position in the Scientology community as well as concerns from Katie Holmes that her only daughter could become “brainwashed” by the community.

“It’s not surprising that Suri is confused by the lack of communication between her parents,” the source told the publication.

“She’s growing up, asking more questions and it’s becoming harder to shield her from the whispers. She wants to speak to her dad.”

Advertisement

Tom has never actually given a reason as to why he no longer sees his youngest child.

Born on April 18, 2006, Suri is the only child from TomKat’s time together.

Things could be about to change…

US OK! Magazine says the Mission Impossible actor has started to reach out to his daughter, following years of secret phone calls and “heartbreaking” letters from his little girl.

“He’s contacted Suri through a third party, who he trusts implicitly, to check in and make sure she’s OK,” an insider told OK!.

Advertisement

“He wants her to know that he’s thought of her all this time and got all of her messages. In fact, he read and listened to each and every word.”

“Tom’s paving the way to come back to Suri’s life permanently – and many expect it to happen soon.”

It’s unknown when Tom and Suri last saw each other.

What about the Church?

A second source has revealed to the US publication that, “Tom couldn’t reach out because Katie fled the religion.”

Advertisement

“Tom wields a lot of power in the church and sees himself as an important person. He believes he can bypass the rigid rule.”

The source went on to explain that those who leave The Church of Scientology are to be cut out entirely by those who desire to remain in the controversial community.

There she is! And what a way to be introduced to the world.

Katie Holmes and Tom Cruise divorced in 2012 after five and a half years of marriage and Suri is their only child together.

Advertisement

Related

FREE home delivery every week! Subscribe TODAY