Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s new year baby plans As Meghan Markle moved into Nottingham Cottage after her engagement to Prince Harry, she was deluged with deliveries, well-wishes and guests dropping by to welcome her to the fold.

Advertisement

But there was one particular visitor who raised eyebrows when she called in on 36-year-old Meghan at her new home – nutritionist Melanie Brown.

Based in a clinic just a stone’s throw from Kensington Palace, Melanie specialises in fertility, pregnancy and preconception nutrition.

With Meghan and Harry, 33, saying they’re hoping to start a family in the near future, it’s clear they’ve already called in the experts.

And palace sources say they want to be in tiptop shape to fall pregnant as soon as possible after their wedding.

Advertisement

“Melanie was at Nottingham Cottage for around an hour checking Meghan’s vitals, looking into her health history and taking as much information as possible to devise a specialist diet for both her and Harry to stick to,” a palace source tells Woman’s Day exclusively.

“While Meghan’s hoping she won’t have problems conceiving when they start trying for a family, she’s also aware she’ll be almost 37 by the time she does,” says our insider.

https://www.instagram.com/p/BLReMtCAkBG/?taken-by=meghanmarkle

“So she wants to increase her chances of falling pregnant by ensuring her body is as prepared for conception as much as possible.”

Advertisement

Called the “baby guru” by her clients, Melanie was an obvious port of call for foodie Meghan – who also has a keen interest in health and wellbeing.

Meghan’s been told to eat lots of beans, nuts and seeds, as well as plenty of leafy greens, wholegrains and berries. Salmon and oysters are on the menu, while red meat is off.

Both Harry and Meghan adore kids and can’t wait to have their own together.

Melanie also advised Meghan to avoid trans fats – found in chips, cakes and popcorn – as they affect insulin levels, which in turn affects ovulation.

Advertisement

The couple must also cut caffeine out of their diet entirely.

In addition, Meghan must have two portions of full- fat dairy per day.

For the full story on their exciting baby dreams, get the new issue of Woman’s Day – on sale now!

Advertisement

Related

Sign up for our newsletter Sign up to receive the Woman's Day e-Newsletter and offers we choose to share with you straight to your inbox sign up By joining, you agree to our Privacy Policy & Terms of Use About your privacy Are Media Pty Limited collects your personal information through this site to process registrations, send out newsletters, communicate offers, discounts, competitions, or surveys, and to provide you with targeted advertising based on your online activities. Our Privacy Policy contains information on how you can access or correct your personal information, which entities we may disclose your personal information to (including overseas recipients), how to opt out of targeted advertising, and how to lodge a complaint.