Inside Brad and Jen’s romantic honeymoon As previously reported, Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston recently recommitted to each other in an intimate ceremony.

Advertisement

The two stars, who first wed in July 2000, thew together a no-frills backyard commitment ceremony and pledged their love in front of their parents, close friends and Brad’s six kids.

Now, the recently reunited couple are planning on celebrating their renewed commitment with a ‘dream honeymoon’, an insider told In Touch.

According to the US publication’s report, Brad, 54, and Jen, 49, are jetting off on a two-week trip to Italy, starting with a stay at pal George Clooney’s villa in Lake Como.

‘Jen and Brad felt it was only fitting that they kick off their honeymoon there,’ a source says.

Advertisement

The US publication also reports the newly reunited couple are desperate to start a family, with a source dishing: ‘The highest priority on their list right now is starting a family right away.’

(Credit: Getty)

‘This is the perfect time to start this new phase of their life,’ adds the source.

According to In Touch, Italy was Jen’s idea.

Advertisement

Now that the former flames are committed to one another, friends close the pair tell, ‘Having a baby will be another in a series of dreams come true for Jen,’ adding they’re determined to get it right this time.

‘Now that Brad and Jen have reconnected and supported one another through their nasty divorces, they’re not about to let each other get away again.’

‘They’re revelling in their time together. It’s like they were never apart,’ a friend dishes.

Related: Shocking pictures: Jennifer Aniston cradles baby bump

Advertisement

Related: CONFIRMED – Brad and Jen: ‘They’re back on!’

Earlier in the year, Brad and Jen were the subject of a shocking photo scandal, which sensationally claims the pair were ‘busted’ over an alleged secret Aspen reunion, after a ‘hotel concierge blew their cover.’

The publication goes on to claim that the duo have arranged to meet up on a skiing break. While she will be accompanied by close friends, it seems there is room for Brad.

Advertisement

‘When Jen mentioned that she was planning to go skiing with friends in Aspen after New Year’s, a light bulb went off in Brad’s head,’ claims Star’s source. ‘He said he could fly over in his private jet and meet up with her there.

‘He pointed out that they could even hit the slopes together, since no one would recognise them in their ski masks, goggles and helmets. Jen thought it was genius.

The magazine claims that Jen booked a $10,000 a night chalet featuring multiple fireplaces and hot tubs.

‘The trip is going to be a blast,’ claims the source, who adds, ‘I imagine Brad and Jen will steal private moments to they can have some emotional heart-to-hearts.’

Advertisement

Neither Brad or Jen have responded to In Touch’s report.

Related: Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston reunite with a wedding and a baby

Related: Brad and Jen’s wedding minister comes forward