Selena Gomez ‘Off-The-Rails’ As Ex Justin Bieber Rebounds With Hot Model Post-Breakup As Jelena fans know, the A-list couple decided to take a break last month after spending nearly every single day together since they rekindled their romance in October 2017.

Following their most recent breakup, Bieber, 24, was spotted crying his eyes out in L.A. and was said to be “devastated” that the “love of his life” wasn’t ready to commit, an insider previously told RadarOnline.com .

However, that didn’t last long! This week, the “Sorry” singer was spotted out numerous times with hot blonde model, Baskin Champion! But according to a source close to Gomez, “Selena is telling her friends that she doesn’t give a f**k what Justin is up to and the fact that he is seeing other women is the exact reason why she ended this last time.”

Although Gomez is said to care less about what her ex is doing, recent photos suggest otherwise ! “Selena has been very distant from everyone and there is a lot of concern for her well-being because she’s been acting off,” the insider said.

“Her mother Mandy was hoping that her breakup with Justin would bring Selena back into her life and that has not happened,” the source told RadarOnline.com . “Mandy has literally tried everything she can and Selena just does not seem interested in working things out at all.”

By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox

“Selena’s friends think that the only reason she got back with Justin in the first place was to break his heart for breaking her heart so many times,” the insider added.

Do you think that Selena Gomez is better off without Justin Bieber? Sound off in the comments below.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.