Duchess Meghan and Prince Harry Are Planning a U.S. Tour: Details! On their first royal tour as a married couple, the newly minted Duke and Duchess of Sussex set out to greet, well, just about everyone. In between handshakes at Dublin’s Croke Park July 11, Duchess Meghan allowed 3-year-old Walter Cullen to pet her cheek while husband Prince Harry let Dylan Mahon, 4, touch his beard. The duo, says a source in the new issue of Us Weekly, “enjoy every opportunity to interact and spend time with locals.” And though their stay was short — just two days — it ignited their desire to travel.

Related: Prince William and Duchess Kate Release Adorable Family Portraits From Son Louis’ Christening So sweet! Prince William and Duchess Kate looked like proud parents in official photos from their youngest son Prince Louis‘ christening. The royal couple released four pics from the 2-month-old’s christening, which took place at the Chapel Royal in St. James’s Palace in London on July 9. The youngest of the couple’s three children was […]

Before Harry, 33, and the former Suits star, 36, begin packing for their October tour of Australia and New Zealand, they are already laying the groundwork for another trip in the spring of 2019 — this time, to her native country. “They are so excited to head to the U.S.,” reveals a palace insider, noting it will be their first trip to the States since their May vows. “Meghan is looking forward to introducing Harry to everything she loves about the U.S.”

Related: Duchess Kate and Prince William Laugh on Day Date at Wimbledon: Photos Parents’ day out! Duchess Kate and Prince William enjoyed spending some quality time together on Sunday, July 15, when they were seen having a laugh at Wimbledon while watching the men’s final. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree […]

Her favorites range from coast to coast. Though there is no official itinerary yet, “they are thinking New York, Washington, D.C., and California,” says the insider. “They’re working to finalize locations and venues.” Their goal, however, is set. “Meghan and Harry want to solidify ties between the U.K. and the U.S.,” continues the source. “They want to highlight and foster these relationships.”

Related: Prince Harry and Duchess Meghan Meet Nelson Mandela’s Granddaughter at New Exhibit Prince Harry and Duchess Meghan are remembering the life and legacy of Nelson Mandela. The couple marked the 100th anniversary of the late South African leader’s birth while visiting a new exhibit at Southbank Centre in London on Tuesday, July 17. Harry, 33, and Meghan, 36, met with Mandela’s granddaughter Zamaswazi Dlamini-Mandela when they arrived […]

They’re open to possibilities, too. Other potential stops include visits to Chicago’s Obama Foundation — “President and Mrs. Obama have been stalwart supporters,” says the insider — as well as Canada. Adds the insider, “The Canadian Foreign Office has heard about the tour and would love to have them stop there. This may very well become a North American tour.”

For more on Duchess Meghan and Prince Harry’s trip across the pond, pick up the new issue of Us Weekly, on stands now. And for a breakdown of the top stories in the magazine, subscribe to our new podcast In Case You Missed Us below!