Who is Sophia Thomalla? Gavin Rossdale’s girlfriend, German TV presenter and model ALEXANDER Zverev has reached the French Open final for the first time after losing three consecutive semi-finals in the slam.

Off court he enjoys spending time with his beautiful model girlfriend Sophia Tomalla.

Who is Alexander Zverev’s girlfriend Sophia Thomalla?

Sophia Thomalla is a German model, actress and TV presenter born in Berlin on October 6, 1989.

She grew up in Berlin and Cologne.

Her parents Simone Thomalla and André Vetters are also actors.

She studied acting and singing at the Constantin School in Bochum between 2007 and 2009.

[article-rail-curated title=”READ MORE ON ZVEREV” selected_posts=”25459965,25515543″ /]

As a model Sophia has featured in a number of high-profile campaigns, including a lingerie-clad appearance promoting Axe deodorant.

In 2010, she was rated as the third-sexiest woman in the world in an annual listing compiled by the monthly British men’s lifestyle magazine FHM.

Sophia is someone who gives me peace and security Alexander Zverev ,

In addition to her impressive resume, she is well-known for her body art, particularly the tattoos on her forearms.

When did Alexander Zverev and Sophia Thomalla start dating?

Although details of how the pair met remain a mystery, the pair have been linked since 2020 — with many outlets saying this was when they got together.

Since then they’ve made several public appearances as a couple.

Zverev often speaks highly of Thomalla during interviews and has gushed about the importance of being in a relationship and having someone by his side as an athlete.

“I think for tennis players it is always very important who you have next to you. Sophia is someone who gives me peace and security,” Zverev told German publication Tennis Magazin in December 2021.

“I play extremely well with her behind me and I hope that will continue to be the case next year and maybe even better. I haven’t achieved all of my goals yet.”

Who has Sophia Thomalla dated in the past?

Sophia has enjoyed a few high-profile romances.

She previously dated Newcastle goalkeeper Loris Karius.

Before that, she was linked to The Voice coach and Bush frontman Gavin Rossdale on 30 March 2017.

“It’s very early days but Gavin is really taken by Sophia,” a source revealed to The Sun.

“They met on the touring scene and there’s plenty of chemistry. They’re having fun and the relationship has the potential to turn serious if that continues,” they added.

The pair dated for a little over a year before calling it quits.

She was once married to Norwegian singer Andy LaPlegua.

They tied the knot in March 2016 and announced their divorce in May 2017.

“All the men I had something with broke up with me because in the end they couldn’t stand it anymore,” she told Grazia magazine at the time of her divorce.

She added that she’s “extremely independent,” explaining “how many men don’t like that in the long run.”

Thomalla has also been linked to German rock star Till Lindemann of the band Rammstein – with the pair first linked in early 2011.

However, they had split by November 2015.

What TV shows has Sophia Thomalla appeared in?

Sophia first role was as Livia Laurenti in the German crime series Commissario Laurenti in 2006.

In 2009, she tried her luck on Germany’s Next Top Model — unfortunately, it wasn’t meant to be and she left the show after one episode.

Sophia won Let’s Dance season 3, the German adaptation of Strictly Come Dancing, in May 2010 — she later returned to the competition as a judge in 2016.

She also appeared on tattoo show Pain & Fame in 2016.

[article-rail-curated title=”READ MORE SUN STORIES” selected_posts=”28377698,28377357″ /]

Sophia began hosting her home country’s version of Are You the One? in 2020.

She has also featured in a number of German language productions, as well as working as a presenter.