Alec, Hilaria Baldwin Introduce Baby Son Rafael: See the First Photos! Baldwin’s first boy! Alec Baldwin and his wife, Hilaria, welcomed their first son, Rafael, in the early morning hours of June 17.

Related: PHOTOS: Recent celeb babies Cutest kids ever! Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake, Carrie Underwood, Molly Sims, Vin Diesel, and more stars welcomed adorable babies into the world in 2015. See who else is now on diaper duty! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I […]

“I thought I couldn’t be in labor,” yoga pro Hilaria tells Us Weekly of her early morning pains. Earlier that same day a doctor had told the spouses of three years that their baby boy was still two weeks away from arriving.

But it turns out the doc was wrong and Hilaria had a 23-hour labor ahead of her. The 31-year-old cofounder of NYC’s Yoga Vida admitted she was in tears after the birth of her son while Alec, 57, was in awe.

“It’s his first son,” she says.”He can’t even believe it,” adding, “Alec does other things, not change diapers.”

The family of four, including the couple’s 22-month-old daughter Carmen, posed for an exclusive newborn photo shoot taken by Hilaria’s pal Eroula Dimitriou in the couple’s NYC home.

“She wants to kiss him, hold him, sing to him, and feed him food he can’t eat,” Hilaria tells Us of Carmen. “She’s a good big sister.”

Related: PHOTOS: Celeb baby announcements Oh, baby! Before the adorable birth announcements and baby bumps, there are the memorable pregnancy announcements! Browse through some of the cutest ways celebrities — including Katherine Heigl, Anne Hathaway and Blac Chyna — revealed they were expecting a little one

As for the family’s plans to expand (Alec is also dad to 19-year-old Ireland Baldwin with ex-wife Kim Basinger), Hilaria notes, “I think we’ll have one more eventually.”

Related: PHOTOS: Stars’ shocking post-baby bodies Celebrities have a way of making bouncing back look easy. But it was even hard work for Beyoncé, who started preparing for Coachella just six months after welcoming her twins Rumi and Sir in June 2017. “I became vegan temporarily, gave up coffee, alcohol and all fruit drinks,” the Grammy winner told Vogue in August […]

For more photos of the Baldwin’s beautiful family photo shoot, pick up the latest issue of Us Weekly on stands now!