Everything That Happened Backstage After Bindi Irwin and Derek Hough Won Dancing With the Stars! Mark March 21, 2016 on your calendar. Dancing With the Stars will return for its 22nd season with Len Goodman back where he belongs, Bindi Irwin as the reigning champ, and a baby boy or girl for Allison Holker. There's much to look forward to, but not before we close out this season one last time with everything that happened after the finale! (In case you missed it, you can read our recap of the best and worst moments here.)

Almost an hour after Tom Bergeron declared Bindi Irwin and Derek Hough the winners of season 21, Bindi was still in disbelief, shouting from the top of her lungs, "I think I'm going to scream for 20 minutes!" Her exuberance and genuine nature endeared her to literally every one on set, but no one more so than Derek. "It's just so special with Bindi," he told reporters backstage. "She's a champion of life."

Bindi shared the same sentiment, telling those in the ballroom that she gained another brother in Derek. In case you needed further proof that the two are friends for life, consider this: Derek's hopping on a plane to Australia in a couple weeks "to tackle crocodiles and get my official khakis!"

The Houghster may have nabbed his sixth Mirrorball trophy, but it was his partnership with Bindi that undoubtedly made it his favorite season. "There's not a thing I would change about this season," he told Glamour post-show. "There's not a week I would change, a dance I would change, and that was a very calming, very peaceful feeling. The show is a completely different show than the first time I won, and to win at this level and the standard that this show has been raised to, it's been incredible."

While Bindi and Derek make the press rounds in New York City, it's no secret that she's itching to get back to her hometown down under. "I can't wait to get back to all the animals, continue all the conservation work, and carry on in my dad's footsteps."

Season 21 runner-ups Sharna Burgess and Nick Carter were understandably disappointed not to win the big prize, but they both praised Bindi and Derek for their phenomenal journey this season. "Bindi was the whole package," praised the red-haired stunner. "She and Derek had a beautiful partnership." Still, "it's bittersweet in may ways. Did I really want this to be my first Mirrorball? Absolutely. I would be lying if I said I didn't. But Bindi was undeniable this entire season. She grew so much, and she's just such a beautiful person you can't help but be captivated by her. Both [she and Nick] are winners, and I truly believe that."