Kris Jenner Talks Season 15 of ‘Keeping Up With the Kardashians’ Keeping Up With the Kardashians season 15 was a labor of love for the famous family. “It’s like nursery school — there are so many babies!” Kris Jenner, 62, tells Us Weekly exclusively in the new issue. The momager was of course referring to her nine grandchildren.

Related: The Kardashian Family: Get to Know the Next Generation While making their mark on the entertainment and business world, the Kardashian-Jenner clan is also raising their next generation. Kourtney Kardashian was the first of Kris Jenner’s children to have kids of her own. Kourtney and her now-ex Scott Disick welcomed their eldest son, Mason, in December 2009, followed by daughter Penelope three years later. […]

The Kardashian-Jenner crew grew quite a bit in last few months. Kim Kardashian welcomed her third child — a daughter named Chicago — on January 15. Then Kylie Jenner and Khloe Kardashian became first-time moms (They have daughters Stormi, 5 months, and True, 3 months, respectively.)

Kris marvels at how Kylie has adjusted to parenthood. “Kylie is more calm than I was,” she tells Us. “I look at the way she she loves Stormi and takes care of her. She doesn’t go anywhere without her.” The businesswoman is equally in awe of Khloe — through she never doubted the Good American denim cofounder’s mothering skills.

Related: True Thompson’s Baby Album Khloé Kardashian has been a doting mommy ever since her first baby with Tristan Thompson, daughter True, arrived in April 2018. True’s unique name was inspired by Kris Jenner’s grandfather and father. “I sometimes, still can’t believe I’m a mommy!!! True is the sweetest ever. I got my bestie for life! Thank you Jesus for […]

“I knew she would be amazing. She is always the one who has her house stocked with goodies and takes care of everyone else’s kids,” Kris gushes. “They all want to have the sleepovers at Auntie KoKo’s. True is the light of her life.”

Just before Khloe gave birth, videos and photos surfaced of her boyfriend, Tristan Thompson, getting close with other women during her pregnancy. But fans might not see the drama play out on TV. “We’re focusing on baby and her life,” Kris explains. “I’m really proud of her for being an amazing mommy.”

Related: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West’s Sweetest Moments With Their Kids These pictures are worth a thousand words — and then some! Since Kim Kardashian and Kanye West added Mom and Dad to their résumés in 2013, they’ve been sharing adorable photos of their family. The KKW Beauty creator gave birth to their eldest daughter, North, in June 2013, followed by son Saint two years later. […]

Keeping Up With the Kardashians premieres on E! on Sunday, August 5, at 9 p.m.

For more on the Kardashians and season 15, pick up the new issue of Us Weekly, on stands now.

With reporting by Brody Brown