Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Not Victims of Swatting, LAPD Clarifies Setting the record

straight. Despite “chatter” on the police radio, the Los Angeles

Police Department says it did not respond to Kim Kardashian and Kanye West‘s L.A. house on Saturday, March 4.

Related: 14 Times Kanye Couldn’t Stop Staring at Kim Kanye West and Kim Kardashian tied the knot in May 2014, and West hasn’t been able to keep his eyes off his glamorous, voluptuous wife — and muse — since. Here are 14 times we caught the rapper taking a good long look at his lady love.

The potentially dramatic scenario began earlier

on Saturday when the Southern California Monitoring Association’s Twitter account posted about police receiving a call about a prowler who was allegedly shot at a house believed to belong to the reality star.

The scanner and radio monitoring club’s account then claimed there was a home invasion and a maid was shot by an unnamed suspect at Kardashian’s home.

The SCMA later tweeted that the caller disconnected as authorities entered the home. “Appears Kim Kardashian home is victim of SWATTING call. Officers did breach door to enter,” the account wrote, confirming that the call was a false alarm.

Related: Kim and Kanye’s Sweetest PDA Moments Kimye's happily ever after! See how Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's sweet romance blossomed since they started dating in April 2012.

The LAPD told Us Weekly earlier on Saturday that “there was no crime,” but the watch commander for the West LAPD later clarified to Us that “they did not respond to any call like this today.”

Kardashian’s rep tells Us Weekly that the Keeping Up With the Kardashians star was not swatted and any police calls made on Saturday have “nothing to do with Kim.”

The Selfish author’s mom, Kris Jenner, was a victim of swatting back in 2013, when authorities were called to the home the momager shared with then-husband Bruce Jenner. Kardashian later tweeted, “These prank calls are NOT funny! People can get arrested for this! I hope they find out who is behind this. Its dangerous & not a joke!”

These prank calls are NOT funny! People can get arrested for this! I hope they find out who is behind this. Its dangerous & not a joke! — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) January 19, 2013

Related: 10 Times the Kardashian-Jenners Looked Better as Blondes The Kardashian-Jenners — including Kim, Khloé, Rob, Kendall and Kylie — may be natural brunettes, but they love going blonde! See their best blonde moments here

Lil Wayne, Ashton Kutcher and Justin Bieber were also previous victims of swatting calls, which are hoaxes in which police are deceived and called to a location under false pretenses.