Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Cars Burglarized Kim Kardashian and Kanye West were victims of an intruder who entered their property through the front gate of their mansion in Bel Air on Friday, October 20, the Los Angeles Police Department confirms to Us Weekly. The suspect did not enter their home.

Related: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West’s Sweetest PDA Moments Kimye's happily ever after! See how Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's sweet romance blossomed since they started dating in April 2012.

“A witness observed a suspect enter and exit the victim’s vehicle and then flee the location,” an LAPD PIO tells Us. “A second suspect who was hiding in some bushes also fled the location. Suspect No. 1 took personal items from the victim’s vehicle.”

The cars did not belong to Kardashian or West. However, some of their staff’s vehicles were on the property at the time. The suspect entered through the front gate at the end of the long driveway.

A source tells Us, “The second their private armed security guards noticed the intruder, they came out with guns drawn and flash lights out. The person turned around and ran away for their lives.”

Related: Celebrity Mugshots See which stars have been behind bars, ranging from Justin Bieber to Reese Witherspoon

According to TMZ, which was first to report the news, the perpetrator also trashed a car in the driveway of the couple’s neighbor Kathy Griffin. He reportedly stole the comedian’s purse before ditching it nearby. The burglaries occurred just one day after $50,000 worth of purses and sunglasses were stolen from Mariah Carey‘s mansion in L.A., according to TMZ.

The burglary at Kardashian and West’s home came one year after she was robbed at gunpoint in Paris. As previously reported, a group of armed men broke into the 36-year-old reality star’s hotel room and stole more than $10 million worth of jewelry. Ten people were charged in connection with the crime.

Related: Nine Times Kim Kardashian’s Klaws Kame Out Being a Kardashian isn’t always sunshine and selfies. Kim Kardashian has had her fair share of feisty feuds and vicious clapbacks over the years. From random social media trolls to A-listers such as Drake and Taylor Swift, the reality star does not hold back when it comes to taking on the haters. In fact, Kardashian […]

Kardashian opened up about the harrowing experience in an episode of Keeping Up With the Kardashians earlier this month. “Ever since Paris, I just go through this worst case scenario mode in my head,” she explained.