US report: Jennifer Aniston 'dumped on her 49th birthday' After three years of marriage Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux have reached the tipping point, Life & Style sensationally claims today.

Advertisement

The publication’s explosive report claims Justin was spotted riding his motorbike around New York City without his wife.

An insider close to the couple told the publication, ‘He’s the happiest man in Manhattan, while Jen chooses to stay primarily in sunny LA.’

‘It’s a long distance marriage,’ they add.

(Credit: Getty)

Advertisement

Life & Style reports that the days leading up to Jen’s 49th birthday on February 11 was when the couple’s relationship came crumbling down.

The publication claims to have exclusively learned that Jen feared Justin intended to break up with her on her big day, with a source revealing: ‘He’d arranged to throw Jen a small, intimate party and hang around for a few days before heading right back to New York.

‘And Jen thought he had plans to quietly file for divorce soon as he returned.’

The insider continues, ‘As time drags on, Justin seems to view his visits with Jen as obligatory, and he’s just been going through the motions.’

Advertisement

‘The marriage is all but over.’

Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux step out looking tense in New York City (Credit: Getty)

Life & Style’s sensational report reveals that the whole situation is far too familiar for Jen.

After a New Year’s getaway in 2005 to Anguilla with Brad Pitt and several friends, Jen and her then husband announced their separation.

Advertisement

In public Jen and Justin have always put on a solid front, but Life & Style’s bombshell report reveals that Justin is ‘tired’ of the facade.

‘He seems like he’s tired of carrying on the facade of a happy marriage,’ a friend close to the star told Life & Style. ‘Knowing Justin, I think he feels it’s best to make it an official split. He will always love Jen, but deep down he seems to believe they’d be better off as friends.’

The couple have yet to respond to Life & Style‘s allegations.

Advertisement