Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are 'INFATUATED' and 'still getting to know each other' Meghan Markle kisses Prince Harry at polo match

Speaking in an exclusive interview with the Express.co.uk, Tracey Cox, a body language and relationships expert and TV presenter, claimed the Meghan and Harry are still getting to know each other two months after marriage. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were married on May 19 in a romantic ceremony at St George’s Chapel in Windsor Castle – less than two years after it is rumoured the pair met in the summer of 2016. Ms Cox told Express.co.uk: “They got married right in the middle of the honeymoon period when your brain is just flooded by love and sexual hormones and your judgement is completely skew. "And now, anyone looking at them can tell they are absolutely smack bang in the middle, they are infatuated, they are at the lust stage, they are that wonderful stage everyone wants to stay at."

When asked if the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's relationship differs from Prince William and Kate's, the expert suggested they could not be more contrasting. Ms Cox said: “Meghan and Harry they are still getting to know each other. “They are in the early, early, early stages.” “William and Kate have known each other since they were at university.”

LOVE BIRDS.....Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are still getting to know each other

The latest news and gossip from the Royal Family plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

She added: “You are looking at old love versus new love.” According to Ms Cox, the reason why Meghan and Harry's are still in their honeymoon stage is because of the secrecy they had to keep while dating. She said: “It is lasting so long for them because they haven’t seen each other that much. "They hardly saw each other before and it was all in secret."