Meghan Markle and Prince Harry Will Reportedly Have a Baby as Soon as They Can Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been pretty clear about their desire to start a family eventually. But a new report from Us Weekly has it that the timeline for baby #1 has become accelerated after the royal wedding. Multiple sources have told the outlet that after the ceremony, the two's desire for having kids grew. “Having children is definitely a priority,” a source close to Markle told Us. “She and Harry want to start a family right away—and she’ll start trying as soon as she can.”

A second source that the outlet describes as a royal insider echoed this, though was a little less "this'll happen ASAP." “They both can’t wait to start a family. [Still,] Harry and Meghan won’t rush into anything. They have a lot on their plate right now. But they both think that when the moment feels right, that will be the time to go for it. They’ll make fantastic parents.”

A third source chimed in that even Markle's mom Doria Ragland believes that baby will come soon. “Doria is expecting to be a grandmother by this time next year. She’s very excited for Meghan to become a mother.”

Harry and Markle are currently believed to be on their honeymoon, though they are expected to attend the Queen's Trooping of the Colour official birthday parade this Saturday. They have a trip planned to Australia this fall for the Sydney Invictus Games and are said to have a busy second half of the year coming with work engagements. Whether a pregnancy announcement will come before or after all that, we'll see.

In their first interview together after announcing their engagement, Markle and Harry made it clear they hope to have children someday. When asked about their plans to start a family, Harry said, "No [not now], of course, you know, one step at a time. Hopefully we’ll start a family in the near future."

At an event in March, Markle hinted that future is nearer rather than farther. The two met a wife-husband entrepreneur duo Sinead and Adam Murphy, who showed the couple products from their Shnuggle line, which include a baby bath and Moses basket. Markle quipped to them, "I’m sure at some point we’ll need the whole thing.”