Royal wedding: Does Kate Middleton plan to upstage Meghan Markle with a tiara? We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

Royal expert says Meghan Markle is reminiscent of Diana 1769451102oEdu2onN

Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton, 36, appear to have struck up a friendship since they met.

However, now an expert has predicted that the Duchess of Cambridge may make a jewellery choice that might ruffle some brides’ feathers. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

For most the onus on a wedding day is to not upstage the bride.

This may especially be a concern for beautiful mother-of-three Kate, who the photographers will be keen to snap on the day.

The Duchess, who married Prince William in April 2011, has a large wardrobe of gems and lavish gowns to choose from. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Royal wedding: Kate Middleton to upstage Meghan Markle by wearing a tiara?

Now an expert has predicted Kate will wear the tiara and earrings from her own wedding to Meghan’s. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Grant Moble, a gemologist, told Now to Love: “When it comes to her choices for the upcoming royal wedding, I would say the below pieces have a great chance to be seen."

Kate will choose the Cartier Halo tiara and the Robinson Pelham earrings, he claimed.

He added: “Duchess Kate has one of the most extensive and most impressive collections of jewellery to choose from around the world.

“She not only has her personal collection, but there are also many pieces in the Royal collection she has the option to loan.”

GETTY Meghan Markle: Kate Middleton may wear the tiara and jewellery from her wedding day, expert claims

Kate loaned the pretty Cartier Halo tiara for her wedding, which is one of the reasons it is thought Meghan will not wear it.

The Duchess has also worn the Cambridge Lovers Knot tiara and the Papyrus tiara in the past.

Kate Middleton’s wedding earrings cost £15,000 and had this secret message that was a nod to her family.

The stunning pieces were commissioned by Kate’s parents Carole and Michael from a small London jeweller.

The diamond earrings set in white gold had leaf and acorns included in the design as a nod to the Middleton coat of arms.

GETTY Royal wedding: Kate Middleton to upstage Meghan Markle by wearing a tiara?

GETTY Royal wedding: An expert has predicted the Duchess of Cambridge will wear tiara to Meghan's wedding

Express.co.uk exclusively revealed how Meghan Markle could wear the Queen Mother's jewels for her wedding to Prince Harry.

It is thought that she may wear the Strathmore Rose tiara.

The stunning 1920s style tiara is floral themesd and may suit Meghan's boho vibe.

This piece was bought for Lady Elizabeth Bowes Lyon by her parents from London dealers Catchpole and Williams when she married the Duke of York in 1923.