The long goodbye: Irina Shayk gives Bradley Cooper a farewell kiss before leaving London FLYNET Irina Shayk gives Bradley Cooper a long good kiss goodbye before leaving London yesterday

The loved-up pair put on a major display of affection as they bid each other an emotional farewell after spending a few days together in the capital.

Bradley, 40, is currently in the UK ahead of his stint in The Elephant Man at the Theatre Royal Haymarket, which kicks off next week. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Clearly smitten, the blossoming couple couldn't keep their hands off of each other.

Both seemed relaxed and happy, and Irina opted for a casual look in a black sweater and leggings as she hugged her beau.

FLYNET The pretty model looked as though she was whispering something into Bradley's ear

FLYNET Bradley put his hand on Irina's bare back as she held onto his messy hair

The Russian beauty went make-up free and tied her shiny brunette locks into a laid back ponytail. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Meanwhile Bradley opted to wear a grey T-shirt, tracksuit bottom and trainers. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Testing out a new edgy style, the actor tied his hair into a top knot.

Last week the couple confirmed their romance when they locked lips and enjoyed a major make-out session in New York as they headed out on a date.

FLYNET The couple's romance was only revealed last week when they were seen kissing in New York

FLYNET The pair ended their meeting with a long hug

Bradley and Irina reportedly enjoyed a romantic evening in New York together last month.

According to Page 6, they were spotted together in the audience of Broadway show Finding Neverland – which stars Glee's Matthew Morrison.

The gossip column reported the pair know each other through mutual friends and have been "hanging out" for the past week.

But having both just come out of long-term relationships, the stars are thought to be taking things slowly, with one source telling the publication: "[it is] a friendly relationship — for the time being."

FLYNET The model looked effortlessly chic in an all black outfit

FLYNET The actor meanwhile sported a grey top and man bun

American Sniper star Bradley split from model Suki Waterhouse last month, after two years together.

At the time it was reported they went their separate ways due to busy schedules.

Meanwhile, Irina split from Portuguese football ace Cristiano Ronaldo earlier this year.

This week the Victoria’s Secret model wiped all traces of the Real Madrid striker from her social networking sites.

Celebrity news and gossip plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

FLYNET Earlier in the week Irina sported a casual animal print sweatshirt