Why Prince Harry sought Kate Middleton’s approval before proposing to Meghan Markle Meghan Markle and Kate speak on panel together in 2018

Kate Middleton, 36, has been a part of the Royal Family for seven years, but actually began dating Prince William back in 2003.

Over the years the Duchess of Cambridge has formed a close bond with William’s brother Prince Harry. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Kate and Harry have often been spotted together at official engagements, and even worked together on the Head’s Up campaign, raising awareness for mental health.

With such a close relationship Harry is reported to have wanted Kate Middleton’s approval before proposing to Meghan Markle

According to royal expert Katie Nicholl, Kate is like a mentor to Harry, and therefore Harry wanted Kate’s seal of approval the most. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Kate Middleton: Duchess had a huge influence on Prince Harry’s proposal to Meghan Markle

Speaking to Grazia UK, Katie said: "Harry and Kate are very close, she’s been like a mentor to him and he wanted her seal of approval. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

“Kate is different to Meghan in many ways, but she has made great strides to help Meghan settle in.”

While the Queen had to give her consent to the marriage, it was really Kate’s approval that Harry desired.

Kate first met Meghan in November 2016, just four months after the now Duke and Duchess of Sussex started dating.

According to Katie, Kate then met Meghan again in January 2017, where Meghan gifted Kate a personal journal.

Prince Harry sought Kate Middleton's approval before proposing to Meghan Markle in 2017

Kate and Harry have formed a close bond, knowing each other since around 2003

Kate and Harry are reported to have a close relationship, and Kate even “helped fill” the Princess Diana hole in Harry’s life, according to a 2017 Newsweek feature.

The feature read: ”When she and William got engaged, Harry called her the big sister he never had.

“He often pops into their apartment at Kensington Palace, where she cooks him a meal—roast chicken is reportedly a particular favourite."

It seems that Meghan made a great impression on Kate, as Prince Harry proposed to then actress Meghan Markle, over his favourite roast chicken dinner.

Following their announcement, Kate expressed her happiness for the couple, saying: "William and I are absolutely thrilled.

Harry proposed to Meghan over a roast chicken dinner back in 2017

Kate and Meghan were spotted enjoying a day out at Wimbledon together earlier this month

“It’s such exciting news. It’s a really happy time for any couple and we wish them all the best and hope they enjoy this happy moment.”

It seems that Kate has well and truly accepted Meghan into the Royal Family, going “out of her way to be friendly” to the former Suits star since the wedding.

A source has revealed that even though she is busy Kate tries to see Meghan as often as possible.

The latest news and gossip from the Royal Family plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

"Kate has her hands full with the children and baby, but ensures she makes time to touch base with Meghan," the royal source said, according to Now.