'Talk to the press you’re out' - Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s SHOCK warning to friends Prince Harry and Meghan Markle attend friend’s wedding together 176945340457sEUkKw

A royal source said when it comes to their friends: “If you talk to the press you’re out.

“They both expect a code of silence.” Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

The source added: “Harry didn’t used to care that much about what was written.

“But he’s very protective of Meghan and defensive these days.”

The couple aren’t due back on royal duty and currently spend most of their time in the Cotswolds, where they have a rented farm house which is protected by armed guards and cameras. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

One local told Vanity Fair: “It’s very clear they want to be left alone. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

“The property is in the middle of woodland and you wouldn’t know it was there.

“It is very remote which is why they like it. It’s like a fortress.

“They both expect a code of silence”

“There’s a huge security presence, you can’t get close.”

A source close to the couple said: “They spend a lot of time in the Cotswolds, more than people realise.

“They are in the country way more than they are in London and enjoying a low-key and very domesticated start to married life.”

The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are due to spend time with The Queen in Balmoral next month with the Duchess reportedly also keen to visit her mother in Los Angeles.

The couple are reportedly to be struggling with repeated outbursts from Thomas Markle, Meghan’s father.

Last month Mr Markle provocatively claimed that Princess Diana would have “loathed” the way he was being treated by the Royal Family.

Royal editor Camilla Tominey commented: “They have both been extremely upset by Thomas Markle’s behaviour and that of Meghan’s half sister Samantha and other relatives.

“They spend a lot of time in the Cotswolds, more than people realise"

The latest news and gossip from the Royal Family plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

“Harry has certainly built an emotional fortress around himself and Meghan.