Steve Harvey Shuts Down Rumors That He and Wife Marjorie Harvey Are Getting a Divorce https://www.instagram.com/p/Bk-8IDKgqb2/?hl=en&taken-by=iamsteveharveytv

Steve Harvey has effectively dispelled a rumor that bubbled up last week, claiming that he and wife Marjorie Harvey are headed for a $400 million divorce.

The talk show host on Sunday posted a photo on Instagram of him and his wife boarding a private jet.

“Vacation time is here, let’s go girl,” he captioned the Sunday, July 8 image.

The photo, which was similar to one Marjorie posted on her Instagram Story, got praise from fans.

“God bless….. stay focus[ed] don’t [lose] the vision🙏💍.”

“Enjoy yourselves, you guys deserve this vacation. Come back well rested and a stronger bond and marriage. Yahoo for the Harveys.”

Days earlier, RadarOnline reported that Marjorie walked out on Steve because he had been getting close with Kris Jenner during closed-door business meetings and ongoing phone calls and text messages.

“There was a huge blowout fight and Marjorie walked out threatening divorce,” a source told the gossip site of the reported split. “There’s no way she was going to put up with Steve hanging around a man-eater like Kris — especially since he’s proven time and again he can’t be trusted.”

Although Jenner was reportedly just stringing Steve along to get tips on TV success, one of his former talk show employes said Marjorie knows her man, who is twice divorced and cheated on both wives with the next.

“Steve has a wandering eye and he loves women!” the ex-worker told Radar anonymously. “He’s cheated during his previous marriages, and Marjorie knows he could do it again. She knows her man’s weakness — knows everything about him! That’s why she watches him so closely.”

The rumor was the talk of Twitter.

“Am I late?? Did everyone know Steve Harvey is being accused of cheating on Marjorie with Kris Jenner?! I didn’t know this 😂.”

“Steve Harvey left his wife to marry Marjorie, his side b—- of 20 years, and now she’s leaving him and running his pockets. Hilarious. Karma’s a bad b—-.”

“Boyyy if this Steve Harvey rumor is true… he gon be sick for a minute. He loves him some Marjorie.”