Kim Kardashian on Why She Won’t Have More Than Four Kids Less than two months after Kim Kardashian welcomed her daughter Chicago, she already has baby No. 4 on her mind — but that’s where she would draw the line.

Related: Celebrities Who Used Surrogates Many celebrities have brought babies into the world with the help of gestational carriers. Lance Bass and Michael Turchin became parents to twins in October 2021 — but the couple spent three years trying to start their family. The former ‘NSync member first told Us Weekly exclusively in March 2018 that he wanted a baby with […]

“I don’t think I could handle more than that,” the Keeping Up With the Kardashians star, 37, said in her cover story for Elle magazine’s April 2018 issue. “My time is spread really thin. And I think it’s important that in all couples, the mom gives the husband as much attention as the kids.”

As Kardashian and Kanye West’s family blossoms (they are also the parents of daughter North, 4, and son Saint, 2), so does their relationship. “He’s taught me to have more of an opinion,” she explained. “I’ve taught him to be a bit more calm or cautious. We’re a good balance.”

Related: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West’s Sweetest Moments With Their Kids These pictures are worth a thousand words — and then some! Since Kim Kardashian and Kanye West added Mom and Dad to their résumés in 2013, they’ve been sharing adorable photos of their family. The KKW Beauty creator gave birth to their eldest daughter, North, in June 2013, followed by son Saint two years later. […]

As Us Weekly exclusively revealed in July 2017, the couple hired a surrogate to carry Chicago because the reality star suffered from placenta accreta during her previous pregnancies.

“It’s a really tricky thing,” she recalled of the process. “What sex do you put in? I just said, ‘Which one is the healthiest? Pick the healthiest one,’ and that was a girl.”

But Kardashian wasn’t a momzilla with her gestational carrier. “I straight-up told her, ‘Look, I ate doughnuts every single day. If you want doughnuts and ice cream, go for it. Do whatever you feel. I’m not going to be picky like that. That’s just ridiculous,’” she told the publication.

Related: Celebrity Babies of 2018 A new bundle of joy! Scroll through to see all the cute babies who were born to famous parents in 2018, so far! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive […]

In the end, the social media mogul knew she made the right decision. “I hated being pregnant,” she said. “But as much as I hated it, I still wished I could have done it on my own. The control is hard at the beginning. Once you let that go, it’s the best experience. I would recommend surrogacy for anybody.”