Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson spark reconciliation rumors with L.A. sighting Twihards are having a hard time containing their delight because, as improbable as it sounds, Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson were spotted hanging out together at the Chateau Marmont in Los Angeles Saturday night.

And six years after their three-year relationship came crashing down over reports that Stewart was cheating on Pattinson with married director Rupert Sanders, rumors have been swirling that the two are considering a reconciliation.

CLICK HERE if you are having trouble viewing the photo gallery on your mobile device.

This is all according to the Daily Mail, which published grainy photos of Stewart and Pattinson, looking like they were having a chill time together, hanging out by a car outside a party at Chateau Marmont for Lily-Rose Depp.

https://twitter.com/multifandomacc5/status/1003247646423863296

Stewart, 28, was wearing a black ensemble and appeared to be smoking, while Pattinson, 32, was wearing jeans, a graphic T-shrirt and black cap.

The idea of the “Twilight’s” Bella and Edward reconciling romantically in real life seems improbable because of the high-profile humiliation Pattinson likely suffered when Stewart was caught in a cheating scandal.

She was photographed in an intimate embrace with Sanders, her director for “Snow White and the Huntsman,” who was 19 years her senior. She and Sanders issued a very public apology to Pattinson.

When the Twilight series ended in 2012, Stewart and Pattinson seemed to go their separate ways both professionally and romantically.

Each has earned critical praise and International awards consideration for leaving blockbuster fare behind and starring in smaller, indie films. Meanwhile, Stewart came out as bisexual and began seriously dating model Stella Maxwell in late 2016, while Pattinson became engaged to U.K. singer FKA Twigs.

But Pattinson’s engagement to Twigs reportedly ended in October, while the Daily Mail, citing a report in OK! magazine, said “there’s trouble in paradise,” with regards to Stewart and Maxwell’s relationship.

In April, the Twilight stars were reported to have “gotten together a few times over the past several weeks,” according to OK!

“They’re trying to keep it low-key, but there’s still chemistry there,” a source told OK! “People in their circles are starting to wonder if they’re considering a reconciliation.”

Supposedly, Stewart hopes Pattinson is “serious” about having forgiven her, an insider told OK!

If there is the possibility of a reconciliation, Twihards on Twitter can hardly contain their excitement:

Robert Pattinson & Kristen Stewart were photographed together for the 1st time in 5 years and my inner Twihard is really showing pic.twitter.com/1x5myv9GLf — Linds (@lindsnicole_19) June 3, 2018

https://twitter.com/allkindsof_RK/status/1003973196276789250