Selena Gomez Had The Perfect Response To News Of Justin Bieber’s Engagement So while the internet is busy obsessing over Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin’s engagement news, Selena Gomez is too busy living her best life.

Advertisement

Hours after the news of their engagement broke, Selena was spotted living it up on a giant yacht on New York’s Hudson River.

Kicking back in a bikini with a bunch of friends, the ‘Can’t keep my hands to myself’ star appeared without a care in the world.

https://www.instagram.com/p/Bk-3xisASYf/

Justin and Hailey got engaged over the weekend according to multiple sources with the 24-year-old singer reportedly popping the question over the weekend during a trip to the Bahamas.

Advertisement

“It’s kind of a surprise, but kind of not. Justin has been extremely happy these past few weeks,” a source told People. “He has known Hailey for a long time. This might seem sudden, but they know each other very well.”

Selena Gomez with Friends on a boat in New York [July 8]



👙 @selenagomez con Amigos en un barco en Nueva York [Julio 8] pic.twitter.com/YSC8obMarf — Selena Gomez Fan Acc (@_selenagomezecu) July 8, 2018

And if there were any doubts, the father of the bride, Stephen Baldwin congratulated the pair on Twitter, writing, “Sweet smile on my face! me&wife (Kennya) Always pray 4 Gods will !! He is moving in the hearts of JB&HB Let’s all pray for His will to be done Love you 2 so much !!! #Godstiming #bestisyettocome Congrats @JeremyBieber @pattiemallette #PraiseJesus.”

The post however has since been deleted however both Justin parents have also hinted at some exciting family news on social media.

Advertisement

Bieber’s father Jeremy, wrote on Instagram, “@justinbieber Proud is an understatement! Excited for the next chapter!” and his mother, Pattie Mallette, also seemed to reference her son’s engagement on Twitter, writing, “Love Love Love Love Love Love Love.”

Before Justin and Hailey rekindled their relationship, Jelena had their own on-off relationship for years. Earlier this year they rekindled their romance following Selena’s breakup with The Weeknd, but things fizzled again in March.

The pair no longer speak, with an Insider telling People, “Justin has no contact with Selena now. He seems fine with it.”