Kim Kardashian's bizarre defence of 'free thinking' Kanye West amid desperate attempts to fix damage caused by Donald Trump support Kim Kardashian's bizarre defence of 'free thinking' Kanye West amid desperate attempts to fix damage caused by Donald Trump support

The reality star is defending her husband while trying to stem the damage caused by Trump drama

Kanye West and Kim Kardashian (Image: WENN / Splash)

Kim Kardashian leapt to Kanye West's defence after his bizarre Twitter tirade.

‌



The rapper shocked fans when he called Donald Trump his "brother" and said the "mob" can't make him "not love him".

‌



Kim admirably defended her husband's "free thinking" tweets but admitted she doesn't agree with his opinion on Trump.

‌



And as he quickly lost 9 million followers over the controversial tweets, she begged her husband to explain his position.

"My wife just called me and she wanted me to make this clear to everyone," Kanye tweeted.

"I don't agree with everything Trump does. I don't agree 100% with anyone but myself."

‌



Kim Kardashian has defended her husband (Image: Elle/Youtube)

He's lost a lot of fans with his Trump support (Image: Getty)

After putting in her emergency call, Kim took to Twitter to explain hKanye's actions.

‌



"He’s a free thinker, is that not allowed in America? Because some of his ideas differ from yours you have to throw in the mental health card? That’s just not fair. He’s actually out of the sunken place when he’s being himself which is very expressive," she tweeted.

Adding: "Now when he spoke out about Trump... Most people (including myself) have very different feelings & opinions about this. But this is HIS opinion. I believe in people being able to have their own opinions,even if really different from mine He never said he agrees with his politics."

He thinks he and Trump both have "dragon energy" (Image: Twitter)

‌



Kanye tweeted about his hat (Image: Twitter)

She also revealed that she shares Kanye's opinion that he is "ahead of his time" with his ideas.

She tweeted: "Kanye will never run in the race of popular opinion and we know that and that’s why I love him and respect him and in a few years when someone else says the same exact thing but they aren’t labeled the way he is and you will all praise them! Kanye is years ahead of his time."

‌



President-elect Donald Trump and Kanye West stand together in the lobby at Trump Tower in 2016 (Image: Getty)

Kim is desperately trying to save the family brand

Trump was pleased with the tweet though. He shared it with his own followers and wrote: "Thank you Kanye, very cool!"

Article continues below

And Kanye was chuffed with the response, sharing a shot of Trump's tweet with his followers.

In 2016, the day after Trump was named President-elect, Kanye turned up at Trump Tower for a meeting, and the duo posed up for pictures in the lobby afterwards.

Kanye has been dropping massive hints that he's going to run for the White House himself in 2024.