Kylie Jenner shares first family photo as she cuddles up with Travis Scott and baby Stormi at elaborate Easter party Kylie Jenner shares first family photo as she cuddles up with Travis Scott and baby Stormi at elaborate Easter party

The reality babe, 20, welcomed her first child with boyfriend Travis Scott earlier this year

Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott celebrate Easter with baby Stormi

Kylie Jenner has shared the first snaps of boyfriend Travis Scott with their baby Stormi.

‌



The couple welcomed their first child on February 1, and up until now we've only seen pictures of the little one on her own or with her mum.

‌



But fans can now see Travis playing with his baby girl in a series of super cute Snapchat videos.

‌



The clips were captured at an elaborate Easter party.

Kylie wished her followers a "Happy Easter" as she shared clips of her chilling with her friends, acting like "big kids" as they enjoyed an inflatable slide, and the family-of-three playing together.

Kim Kardashian sends fans into meltdown as she shares adorable photo of Saint kissing Chicago on the nose READ MORE :

The family play together (Image: Snapchat) Travis sits with Stormi on his lap (Image: Snapchat)

‌



Look at those eyes (Image: Snapchat)

The 20-year-old Keeping Up With The Kardashians star is dressed down - but as stunning as ever - in a long red pinstriped shirt, while Travis is dressed in black jeans and a T-shirt, complete with a lot of bling.

Rapper Travis holds his daughter under the arms, bouncing her up and down as Kylie reaches out to stroke her head.

‌



It's the first time we've seen the family all together and it makes for a very sweet moment.

Another clip shows Travis sat with his little girl on his lap, leaning down to give her a kiss as she looks up at her daddy's face.

Stormi looks up at her daddy (Image: Snapchat) That's a big bunny (Image: Snapchat)

‌



She's the cutest (Image: Snapchat)

He also holds her in his arms and tickles her belly as she looks at him lovingly.

In the clips, Travis also poses in front of a 10ft giant rabbit that was gifted to Kylie's mum, Kris Jenner.

Article continues below

She posted a picture of it on Instagram, saying: "When @jeffleatham sends us a 10 foot tall Easter Bunny made of flowers to celebrate Easter!!!! OMG it’s GORGEOUS!!!!! Thank you Jeff you are amazing!!!"

But its massive size is really noticeable when Travis is stood in front of it.