Nicole Kidman and Prince Harry named sexiest redheads Prince Harry and Nicole Kidman have been named as the most gorgeous gingers [GETTY]

A new survey conducted by the British Heart Foundation, as a part of their , have been asked to select the fiery-headed stars who they think are hottest.



Australian acting A-lister Nicole Kidman topped the list of fabulous flame-haired females, closely followed by fellow actresses Isla Fisher and Alyson Hannigan.



While redheaded royal Prince Harry was named the sexiest ginger man, followed by hunky carrot-topped actors Michael Fassbender and Damian Lewis who plays hunky Nick Brody in Homeland.

Nicole Kidman topped the poll for the flame-haired females [GETTY]

While Prince Haarry was named the sexiest carrot-top male [GETTY]

The charity are encouraging the public to join the fight against coronary heart disease, which is currently Britain's biggest killer. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Supporters of Ramp Up The Red project are encouraged to wear red clothing and accessories or even opt for a splash of strawberry blonde in their locks.

Polly Shute, who is the Fundraising Project Director at the BHF, says: "Red heads know how to stand out from the crowd. Join them today by going as red as you dare."



"You can make your red statement by dyeing your hair red or wearing a red wig to show your support!"



"It's easy to do and you will be helping to raise funds that will go directly towards vital research, support and care for the 2.3million people in the UK living with heart disease.

Florence And The Machine singer Ms Welch also made the list [GETTY]

Celebrity news and gossip plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

Along with Homeland actor Damian Lewis [GETTY]

When asked to select the most gorgeous ginger girls, those polled rated the following females the most attractive:





1.Nicole Kidman

2.Isla Fisher

3.Alyson Hannigan

4.Nicola Roberts from Girls Aloud

5.Ginger Spice/ Geri Halliwell, of the Spice Girls

6.Julianne Moore

7.Christina Hendricks, starred as Joan from Mad Men

8.Marcia Cross, Desperate Housewives

9.Florence of Florence and the Machine

10.Lindsay Lohan



And the following auburn-haired fellows made the cut:





1.Prince Harry

2.Michael Fassbender

3.Damian Lewis from Homeland

4.Benedict Cumberbatch

5.Eddie Redmayne

6.Greg Rutherford, Olympian Gold Medallist

7.Rupert Grint

8.Simon Pegg

9.Ed Sheeran

10.Tim Minchin, comedian



For more information on the British Heart Foundation's Ramp Up The Red campaign or to see how you can help with the battle against heart disease, visit their . Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

__BREAK1____RELATEDPOSTS__