Shock reports claim Brad Pitt was cheating with co-star Marion Cotillard behind Ange’s back ANGELINA Jolie reportedly ended her marriage after discovering Brad Pitt was cheating with his co-star according to sensational claims in the US.

The New York Post reports that the 41-year-old hired a private investigator to spy on him on the set of his latest film — where they claim she learned he was cheating.

The “well placed source” told the paper’s Page Six section that there is no turning back for the couple – worth £310 million.

They said: “She hired a private eye because she felt that he was fooling around with her on the set, and it turns out, he was.

“And that was the final straw.”

Pitt had been rumored to have been cozying up to his Allied co-star, 40-year-old Marion Cotillard, in London for months.

If the rumours are true it means history has repeated itself – Brad and Angelina famously fell in love while filming Mr and Mrs Smith in 2004.

At the time he was married to Friends actress Jennifer Aniston.

He and Jolie also had been sparring over their lifestyle, another source said.

She has increasingly wanted to quit Hollywood in favour of devoting herself full-time to her humanitarian work, while Pitt prefers Tinseltown, the source said.

The post continues: “The older she gets, the more serious she becomes, and she is sick of the Hollywood thing.

“He wants to make movies. She doesn’t.

“It’s a fundamental difference. It’s how you live your life.”

French actress Marion has previously starred in Inception, and won an Oscar in 2007 for her role as Edith Piaf in La Vie en Rose.

She starred alongside Michael Fassbender in the 2015 film adaption of Macbeth.

Today The Sun revealed that Angelina is seeking physical custody of the couple’s six children – Maddox, 15, Zahara, 11, Shiloh, 10, Pax, 12 and eight-year-old twins, Knox and Vivienne.

Maddox, Zahara and Pax were adopted from orphanages in Cambodia, Ethiopia and Vietnam, respectively, while the remaining three are their biological children.

The Tomb Raider star doesn’t want Brad to have joint physical custody, just joint legal custody, meaning he would get visitation rights only.

Ange has hired Laura Wasser, who previously represented Johnny Depp in his divorce case with Amber Heard.

The documents list the date of separation as Sept. 15, 2016.

The couple were married in August 2014 but have been together since 2004.

The couple were last seen in July, when they were seen looking at ease in a supermarket with their son, Knox.

Earlier today copies of the divorce papers were released, and show that Angelina filed citing ‘irreconcilable differences’.

It’s not her first trip to the divorce court either – she was previously married to Billy Bob Thornton.

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220