Who are Meghan Markle’s ex boyfriends? We’ve met her family, know all about her flawless fashion, applauded her enviable career.

Advertisement

But now, her life has been turned upside down following her marriage to Prince Harry in 2018. But we can’t help but wonder what Meghan Markle’s dating rap sheet looks like?

While we all know who Prince Harry’s ex-girlfriends are (looking at you, Chelsy Davy and Cressida Bonas) – Meghan’s love life history is still as mysterious as the Crown Jewels.

So let’s take a look back at the ‘frogs’ Meghan had to kiss before she found her prince…

Loading the player...

Advertisement

The one before the one: Canadian chef, Cory Vitiello, 2014-2016

Break-ups always suck, so spare a thought for poor old Cory Vitiello, who was reportedly given the flick shortly after Meghan met Harry in 2016.

A besotted Meghan even featured Cory on her now defunct lifestyle blog The Tig, but the post has since been removed.

The [UK Telegraph] claims the Suits star was an item with the successful celebrity chef for two years and they were together when Meghan hit it off with Harry in July, 2016.

At the time, a friend close of the exes addressed speculation Harry could have played a part in their demise, saying: “I can’t comment on that.”

Advertisement

Just before they broke up, Cory praised his significant other for working with World Vision.

“So proud of my lady @meghanmarkle being named Global Ambassador for @worldvision #worldwaterday,” he penned.

https://twitter.com/CoryVitiello/status/712342063027765250?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.bustle.com%2Fp%2Fwho-has-meghan-markle-dated-besides-prince-harry-a-look-at-the-suits-stars-romantic-past-41131

Cory and Meghan lived together in Toronto and were said to be together when Meghan first met Harry.

Advertisement

But was it always just going to be a flash in the pan?

“They were a very handsome pair and well suited, but you got the impression it was a sometimes superficial relationship,” an insider revealed to The Daily Mail.

“Cory was always very focused on his job and his work. In that respect, they both put their careers first. The relationship came second.”

A celebrity chef who can cook a mean carbonara? Almost as good as a Prince!

Advertisement

According to The Daily Mail, Meghan, who lived with the foodie in a townhouse in Toronto, was “going through a tough time with her previous boyfriend” when Prince Harry “besieged her with texts until she agreed to a date”.

But don’t worry about Cory, he’s doing just fine! The gun cook is a regular guest star on lifestyle shows and runs a string of successful restaurants in Toronto.

“There’s no downside to being a well-known chef. There are thousands of great cooks in the city, and there are chefs who are more deserving of the celebrity than myself,” he told Toronto Life in 2016 of his high profile.

WATCH: Cory talks about his career. Post continues…

Advertisement

The fleeting fling: Irish pro golfer, Rory McIlroy, 2014

Before Cory, there was a Rory!

Though never officially confirmed, these two were joined at the hip for a hot second back in August, 2014.

Relive their ice bucket challenge video in the player below. Post continues below…

Loading the player...

Advertisement

Their ice bucket video was a hole in one! But nothing serious ever eventuated between the actress and the pro golfer.

Romance rumours stepped up a notch after Meghan and Rory starred in a very flirty ice bucket challenge video together.

They were also spotted enjoying several cosy dinner dates in New York and Dublin, but sources at the time denied their romance to the Irish Independent .

After this pic of Meghan and Rory was posted on Instagram, people were convinced they were a couple.

Advertisement

The ex-husband: American film producer, Trevor Engelson, 2004-2013

We like our princesses to be modern and relatable.

And Meghan’s failed marriage to American producer Trevor Engelson makes us love her even more – because in this day and age, who seriously hasn’t had a doomed relationship.

After dating for six years, Meghan and Trevor, who owns his own production company called Underground, became engaged in 2010.

In September, 2011, they tied the knot in an extravagant beach-side wedding at the Jamaica Inn in Ocho Rios, Jamaica. There were over 100 guests in attendance and the celebrations kicked on for days (hopefully she’ll do something just as fun with Harry.)

Advertisement

Their marriage lasted just two years, and by September 2013 they had quietly separated.

Sources close to the couple claim Meghan’s role on Suits, which was filmed in Toronto, played a part in their demise.

“It put a strain on the relationship. Trevor was in LA making movies, Meghan was in another country five hours’ flight away and it simply took its toll,” a friend told The Daily Mail.

Although the exes don’t share any kids, the controversial concept was dreamt up after Trevor was chatting to his fellow producer Dan Farah, speculating what it would have been like if they did have to share custody of children.

Advertisement

“Me and my lady in London,” Trevor penned back in 2010 next to this snap. The film producer married Meghan in 2011.

Previously, sources told Woman’s Day that the producer had been offered more than $1 million to write a tell-all book about his short-lived marriage to the star.

Insiders allege that Trevor has been asked to spill details about his and Meghan’s sex life, Meghan’s parents’ marriage breakdown, allegations of diva antics and temper tantrums on the part of the actress, and even shock claims Meghan had “an emotional affair” during their marriage!

Insiders claim their hectic work schedules led to their divorce.

Advertisement

Obsessed with the royals? Like our Facebook page Now To Love Royals for the latest news on your favourite royal family members!

Related

FREE home delivery every week! Subscribe TODAY