Meghan Markle wedding dress aimed to 'bring joy' before ‘AUSTERE’ life - Stella McCartney Stella McCartney said she wanted to make Meghan Markle feel 'a million dollars'

Ms McCartney designed the evening dress alongside the Duchess of Sussex and expressed her joy at making the Duchess feel “a million dollars”.

Speaking on the BBC, Ms McCartney said: “I feel it’s such a private experience. And as a designer and as a woman who’s been married, it’s such a big deal. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

“It was very much her dress, and I felt very proud that she came to me for that part of the wedding. She got to reflect her in it.”

Asked whether the American had contributed her own ideas to the creation, Ms McCartney said: “Yeah, we worked together. When you come to a wedding you don’t just go, ‘here, this is what you’re wearing’.

Claire Waight Keller said she was absolutely focused on making Meghan's wedding dress perfect

Ms McCartney also dressed A-list celebrities including Amal Clooney and Oprah Winfrey

That person has to feel like a million dollars; they need to feel like they own it Stella McCartney

“That person has to feel like a million dollars; they need to feel like they own it." Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

The daughter of famed musician Paul McCartney noted she wanted to bring joy and self-expression to the dress before Meghan embarks upon her Royal duties. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

She said: “The role she’s taken on, it’s very austere, it’s very sort of serious, and I think there’s a great weight that she has acquired through that and she takes it very seriously.

“I think it was the last moment that she could, sort of, reflect the other side of her: the joy and the human within her.”

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle' in BGT final audience 1769451699J8QK3Jb1

Pointing to the complexity of the task, the designer added: “I was aware that we had to get the right kind of positioning, the right pace, the right voice.

“There was a delicate line, it’s either a thumbs-up or a thumbs-down, it’s that kind of gig.”

It had remained a secret prior to the wedding that Ms McCartney was designing the dress for the Duchess of Sussex’s reception, and the designer said she was surprised by the positive response she received.

Fashion followers received an even greater shock when Givenchy was finally announced as the designer of the Duchess of Sussex’s wedding dress on the day itself.

Clare Waight Keller, the creative director of Givenchy and the designer behind the wedding dress, commented on the experience, stating: “I think every bride in unique. They always come with their own ideas.

“She was really focused, as I was, on it being absolutely perfect for the occasion.

The latest news and gossip from the Royal Family plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

“That was the modernity and the fact that I really wanted something that was so elegant and classical and timeless in a way.”