Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston's second wedding joy In the wake of her high-profile split to Brad Pitt in 2005, Jennifer Aniston said: ‘What’s fantastic about marriage is getting through those ebbs and flows with the same person, and looking across the room and saying, ‘I’m still here, and I still love you’.’

Advertisement

‘You have marriages within marriages…that’s what I want in marriage,’ she added at the time.

The now 49-year-old actress and her ex-husband Brad Pitt, who reunited shortly after Jen split from Justin Theroux in early 2018, have decided to give their failed marriage a second chance.

Multiple insiders told In Touch, ‘They are taking the biggest leap possible.’

Adding, ‘Their shared dream of coming full circle, marrying again, is coming true.’

Advertisement

Artist impression of Brad and Jennifer’s wedding (Credit: Getty)

SEE MORE: Who got Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston back together

SEE MORE: Brad Pitt tells: ‘Jen’s a great mum to my kids’

Luckily for Brad and Jen, they have easy access to one of the most picturesque locations in the world.

Advertisement

‘They are aiming for an August ceremony and reception at George Clooney’s villa in Lake Como, Italy,’ a source spills to In Touch.

Brad’s longtime friend George, who let John Krasinski and Emily Blunt marry at his 18th-century estate in 2010, ‘would be more than happy to host the nuptials.’

Unlike their 2000 wedding, which reportedly cost $1million, this second wedding joy will be ‘smaller and more intimate,’ according to friends.

Jen hopes to have a maximum of 14 guests, including George and wife Amal, best friend Courtney Cox and the six children Brad shares with estranged wife Angelina Jolie – Maddox, 16, Zahara, 13, Shiloh, 12, and twins Knox and Vivienne, 9 – for what an insider calls a ‘classy, white-themed wedding.’

Advertisement

Brad’s mother Jane will also reportedly be in attendance.

‘Jane always loved Jen,’ a friend told In Touch. ‘So when Jane saw that there was an opening for Brad and Jen to find love again, she urged him to give it another shot.’

Now that Jen is back with Brad, the Hollywood starlet is happier than ever!

Advertisement

‘This is the epic news that friends, family and fans have been hoping for since their split in 2005,’ a source tells the US publication. ‘Forget about the royal wedding – this is the wedding of the century.’

Neither Jen or Brad have responded to In Touch’s report.