Going wild in South Africa GETTY Elephants at watering hole

It may not sound as if we’re heading out on a wild South African adventure but this is how our safari begins.

We’re wrapped up all warm and cosy in a Land Cruiser while our guide, wearing nothing more than shorts and a T-shirt, turns and asks what we want to see. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Lets go find some cats, we say. As the sun rises we bound off into Kruger National Park on a jeep convoy.

Thousands of animals roam this vast space, an area roughly the size of Scotland.

While the park is home to 147 species, the main draw is the Big Five – that’s lion, leopard, elephant, rhino and buffalo. Picking our way through the bush it’s difficult to spot anything. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

There are rustles and strange sounds in the long grass but I can’t see any animals. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

The tracker perched on the bonnet with his rifle is much better at it. Despite (and very probably because of) being at risk of predators, he seems to notice the smallest of movements in the distance – he’s an expert at finding exotic shapes, everything from hippos and lone giraffes to zebras.

Every now and again we stop to look at footprints and even fresh poop.

The main draw is the Big Five – that’s lion, leopard, elephant, rhino and buffalo

It looks like elephants passed through overnight. The rangers can read what direction they took and even how long ago. Soon enough, we gasp and nudge each other as he sights a leopard through the trees.

It’s hunting something that we can’t make out. Impressed to find it stalking prey, we sit watching in silence.

We see another safari vehicle and they report there are elephants near the river so we decide to leave our hungry feline to hunt alone.

NATALIE CHALK Nathalie Chalk on safari

The ground is dry and cracked due to a two-year drought, which has left parts of the park looking scorched with dead trees and uprooted branches.

It’s hard to see how anything could thrive in this landscape. Yet as we approach the river, it’s like we enter a different country.

There are lush mahogany and marula fruit trees – a favourite snack of the park’s vast herds of elephants. And this is where we find once such group.

GETTY The main draw is the Big Five – that’s lion, leopard, elephant, rhino and buffalo

On the banks are 30 elephants, including babies, close to their mothers, young bulls jumping on each other and adult males spraying water. It’s like being backstage on a David Attenborough documentary – peeking into their secret lives off-camera.

As our guide talks quietly about how an elephant’s ear resembles the shape of Africa, they begin to stroll our way.

The herd is making its way to the road and coming straight towards the vehicle. It’s an uncomfortable mixture of excitement and terror.

Travel news and expert holiday advice plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

As we look at them, they stare back. Some of us get nervous. We hold our breath, grit our teeth and fall silent as they get closer. I am about to be nuzzled by the largest land animal on Earth.