Chris Pratt Cover Story: From Dadbod Sidekick to Rock-Hard Hero In turn, Gunn tells me this: "I said before we ever started shooting Guardians that Chris Pratt’s the biggest movie star in the world, it’s just that people don’t know it yet. And that’s the case." As more people begin to share this opinion, one consequence is the way Pratt is routinely reported to be involved in multiple other new projects, often with a conviction that is confusing to him, given how wrong these reports typically are.

For instance, there is the widely and confidently reported story that he will be the next Indiana Jones. Pratt was on a four-day hunt on a Texas ranch when his manager and agent called to say that this "fact" had exploded all over the Internet. "And so I came home, and then there was paparazzi asking me about it and people asking me to sign Indiana Jones pictures and Indiana Jones hats," he says. The truth, as far as he is concerned, is that someone high up at Disney did mention to him a while back that they were picking up the rights to Indiana Jones, to which Pratt commented that his action-adventure card was fairly full. (If Jurassic World does well, there will be sequels. And for the record, this is how he describes, almost more to himself than to me, his future Guardians of the Galaxy obligations: "...I’m tied to doing three more, or five more, Guardians of the Galaxy or whatever it is, you know, two more Guardians plus another couple..." I think this means he is committed to at least two sequels, as well as spin-off projects where his character will appear with other Marvel characters.) But as it happens, he’s also been around Steven Spielberg a fair bit recently (Spielberg produced Jurassic World), both before and after this rumor broke. "I just didn’t bring it up and he didn’t bring it up," he says, "so I don’t know."

When asked by GQ to comment on this pastime, Offerman issued the following statement: "Chris and I merely recognized in one another a formidable, concordant creator. Our ’pieces’ transcend bourgeois notions like ’taste,’ ’decorum,’ and ’NSFW.’ That’s plebeian stuff. He is magnificent—a lavatorial Michelangelo, and I am his Da Vinci. He proffers Rubber Soul, and I reply with Pet Sounds. The notions of ’culture,’ ’good taste,’ ’decency,’ and ’common sense’ are but flotsam to us. Jetsam, even. Our works have honesty in their fiber. His letter N, I met with a lengthy riposte: a twenty-six-inch rejoinder, to be precise, unbroken. From the backstage dressing room of an eldritch Kansas City auditorium. We are Komodo dragons, Christopher and I. We are moray eels, mated for life. Look away—back to your BuzzFeed puppies and falsettos. Ours is an ursine language, of which, if you have to ask—you’ll never know."

Similarly, it’s also been rumored recently that he will appear in a Channing Tatum-produced Ghostbusters remake. Even less likely. "No one has ever even spoken to me about that," he says. "Never. I’ve even seen Channing a couple times. As far as I know, that’s complete bullshit." He ticks off others. "Knight Rider—bullshit. All of them." As we talk, a photo comes through on his phone. His son. "My son went to the dentist for the first time today," he says. "Oh, my God, he’s smiling. Oh, sweet boy!" Pratt tells me that he and Faris would like more kids. "I had siblings, so did Anna—we both dream of it. Jack should have the gift of a little person to push around, whether we have kids or potentially have a surrogate or adopt kids. He was premature, and Anna’s 38, so the idea of going through that again—that was tough, and I think, like, that’s something to truly consider."

Either way, he clearly thinks of Jack as a kind of reality check. "I have a feeling I’ll be tested and I’ll have to prove to him that he’s more important to me than show business," says Pratt, "and I feel I’ll be ready to pass that test. You know, if it means not being Indiana Jones or if it means turning down a big paycheck so that I can go camping for the weekend, being difficult with my contract so that I can be let out, and it means the quality of the film goes down because I’m not there to give everything, then so be it. And if it means retiring early and getting a ranch somewhere and just bird hunting, that’s kind of what I secretly want to do anyways, so"—he laughs—"that’ll be sweet."

But how much do you secretly want to do it? Because you can do it if you want to.

"We’ll see. I don’t know. I think I would do it and then three months later I would be tired of bird hunting and I would be like ’...Guardians Ten?’ "

CHRIS HEATH is a GQ correspondent.