Haters are Shaming Faith Hill and Tim McGraw's for Being "Too Thin" In New Photo This may be old news, but singers Tim McGraw and Faith Hill are the definition of country music couple goals. Even after 27 years of marriage, it's clear that these two are a match made in heaven.

The "I Like It, I Love It" singer is no stranger to reminding fans of just how much he adores his wife and his latest social media post of her is yet another photo of his that we can file under "Absolutely Adorable!" McGraw captioned the intimate photo of Faith with, "Such a gorgeous sunset...had to take a pic of my wife taking a pic of it!"

Although we're totally in a trance checking out the couple's gorgeous rustic home, we can't help but appreciate how precious it is for McGraw to share this intimate moment with fans, who sounded off in the comment section. "This is beautiful in more ways than one," wrote one person. "It truly is the little things in life" and "Tell your sunset photographer we miss her!! ❤️❤️❤️," said others.

Tim and Faith's decades-long love story is definitely one for the books. From their heyday as THE country music power couple of the 90s and 2000s to today, the two are basically inseparable since first meeting in 1994 at a gig in Nashville. They tied the knot two years later in 1996 and now have three daughters together: Gracie, Maggie, and Audrey.

Terry Wyatt Tim McGraw and Faith Hill with daughters Audrey and Maggie.

In a previous interview with Entertainment Tonight Canada, McGraw opened up about the secret to their long-lasting marriage in showbiz. "We just made a commitment early on, when we first decided we were getting married and having kids, that we wouldn't just walk out the door when problems arose," she shared.

Between making music, starring together in 1883, and navigating life in the spotlight, it's clear that Tim and Faith have the secret sauce to keeping their marriage alive for all these years. Here's to many more happy years of marriage for our favorite country music power couple!