Kim Kardashian blames herself for Paris robbery, doesn’t want Kanye West to replace her $4.5M ring Kim Kardashian is blaming herself for the Paris robbery that stripped her of $10 million worth of jewels.

The reality TV star is distraught over the likelihood the thieves took notice after she flaunted her $4.5 million engagement ring from husband Kanye West on social media, People reported.

“Kim’s in shock and blaming herself. She’s tearing herself up that she Snapchatted the ring so much and wore it all the time,” a source close to the family told People.

Kanye West and Kim Kardashian arrive to their Manhattan apartment after Kim was robbed in a hotel room in Paris.

“This incident is making her question everything. How she dresses, what she does,” the source added.

That belief was echoed by fashion icon Karl Lagerfeld, who told reporters during Fashion Week that displaying her wealth on social media made her an easy target.

“If you are that famous and you put all your jewelry on the net, you go to hotels where nobody can come near to the room,” he said. “You cannot display your wealth and then be surprised that some people want to share it with you.”

Meanwhile, West has even offered to buy Kardashian a duplicate ring. It would be the third one he’s gifted her, since he replaced the original engagement ring with an even bigger diamond.

Kanye West reportedly wants to buy Kim Kardashian another engagement ring, but she doesn’t want it as she is blaming herself for the Paris robbery.

“[Kanye] says he wants everything to go back to normal and for the incident to not affect their lives,” the source told People.

In an interview with authorities on Tuesday, Kardashian allegedly told police that the hotel concierge was tied up beside her, People reported.

The 35-year-old said the concierge was very calm throughout the robbery, despite being held at gunpoint. She also asked the man if they were going to die, to which he replied, “I don’t know.”

Kim Kardashian West flaunted her $4.5 million engagement ring on Instagram.

Kardashian was tied up, held at gunpoint and locked in a bathroom early Monday morning while staying at the swanky No Name Hotel in Paris during Fashion Week.

Thieves made off with an estimated $10 million in jewelry, while the star was bound and begging for her life in the bathtub.

After speaking with French authorities, Kardashian quickly left the country and returned to New York to be with West and the couple’s two children, North and Saint.

Police have yet to track down the identities of the five masked men responsible for the robbery. The robbery was not captured on any nearby surveillance cameras, authorities revealed on Tuesday.