Kim Kardashian and Donald Trump talked about prison reform, because 2018 is off the rails This isn't the Trump/Kim summit we were expecting.

This year has been a pretty wild one already, but it just got stranger.

Kim Kardashian West -- like, beauty mogul and reigning queen of reality TV Kim Kardashian West -- visited the White House on Wednesday to talk about prison reform with President Donald Trump.

Trump tweeted this painful photo after the meeting:

Naturally, the photo quickly became a meme on Twitter, because how were there two reality TV stars in the Oval Office?

The meeting took place after months of discussion between Kardashian and Jared Kushner, according to Vanity Fair. Kardashian asked the president to pardon Alice Marie Johnson, a woman serving a life sentence without parole for a first-time drug offense.

Before the meeting, Kardashian tweeted a birthday message for Johnson.

Mashable Trend Report Decode what’s viral, what’s next, and what it all means. Sign up for Mashable’s weekly Trend Report newsletter. Loading... Sign Me Up Use this instead By clicking Sign Me Up, you confirm you are 16+ and agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Thanks for signing up!

But people on Twitter just couldn't believe that this was actually happening.

Apparently prison reform hits home for Kushner, who has firsthand experience with an incarcerated family member after his father Charles was charged with tax evasion, illegal campaign contributions, and witness tampering. Charles Kushner was jailed from 2005 to 2006.

The young Kushner even carried a wallet that his father made for him while serving prison time for his white collar crimes.

Since the experience, Kushner has vowed to make prison reform a key issue as a senior White House adviser, according to Vanity Fair. He's lobbied for the First Step Act, a bipartisan bill that helps inmates transition back into society more smoothly with job training and drug treatment programs. The bill, which passed the House last week, also gives inmates with nonviolent charges the chance to finish their sentences in halfway houses and house arrest. It's also seen its fair share of criticism.

Kardashian has been scrutinized for defending her husband Kanye West after his controversial tweets supporting Trump and far-right figures. But prison reform is something that she's been vocal about in the past; on Monday, she tweeted her support for Matthew Charles, a former inmate who turned his life around after 21 years of incarceration. Charles is required to serve another 10 years because his original release was a clerical error.

She also shared a tweet about a man who was sentenced to only 90 days of house arrest after raping a child.

Kardashian has also hinted at political aspirations. In an unaired clip from Khloe and Lamar, she pondered running for mayor of Glendale, a town in the greater Los Angeles area, because of its prominent Armenian population. (It's worth noting that Glendale doesn't have mayoral elections -- instead, its city council appoints a member to serve as mayor for one year.) Despite her past misinformation about the town's bureaucratic structure, it's possible that she used this meeting to sow seeds for future political gain.

Kardashian hasn't made a public statement about the meeting yet, aside from tweeting the birthday message for Alice Marie Johnson. Is there a chance we'll get to see a behind the scenes of the meeting on the next season of Keeping Up With the Kardashians? Possibly -- although season 15 doesn't have a premiere date yet. A Variety report revealed that the Kardashian/Jenner/West empire milked a deal with E! that will keep them on the air until 2020.