'Furious' Kylie Jenner accuses Travis Scott of 'cheating on her with several women' Forget Game of Thrones, Lord of the Rings and Harry Potter -

's rumored pregnancy is the true epic saga of our time. The story has so many twists and turns. Is she pregnant? Or isn't she? Okay, that's pretty much it, but still, so many twists and turns, you guys. And it's such a mystery. On one hand, there are a lot of obvious clues that Kylie Jenner is pregnant. On the other hand...um...okay, she's probably pregnant. But she hasn't confirmed it yet, and until then, the world waits with bated breath for resolution. [[instagramwidget||https://www.instagram.com/p/BeQUemAliGD/]] So, where were we on this epic tale? The paparazzi spotted

. In the new Calvin Klein ad campaign, Kylie Jenner is not-so-subtly covering her baby bump. She accused

during her pregnancy, which is pretty bad, since he's the purported baby daddy. Now Travis is trying to win her back. I haven't felt this riveted since The Red Wedding. In today's news, a source told the celebrity gossip site TMZ that Kylie is taking Lamaze classes to help with the 'imminent birth.' In case you're not familiar with Lamaze, it's is a childbirth technique with the goal of facilitating the delivery and making it as easy as possible on the mother. With the help of a partner, they prepare psychologically and physically, with breathing exercises, stretching, hydrotherapy, massages, position changes and walking. Since

Kylie doesn't want anyone to see her, so she's taking the Lamaze classes online. According to the source, Kylie's best friend, Jordyn Woods is acting as her partner. The source says Kylie takes pregnancy walks with friends and family around her house, and has also picked up a bunch of baby books. Why isn't Travis Scott acting as her partner? I guess he's too busy with his music career. Kudos to Jordyn for helping Kylie out with Lamaze. I haven't been this moved by a friendship with Sam carried Frodo to the top of Mount Doom. (Like Sam, Jordyn Woods is the real hero of his story.) Last week, Kylie, Kim and all those K people were photographed in the Hidden Hills. They were filming something for something - I don't really know. But these pictures made the rounds, and people were analyzing them, trying to figure out if Kylie's knocked up. I can't make out anything, but maybe it's like a Magic Eye. If you stare it just long enough, Kylie's baby bump will suddenly appear! I don't know why Kylie's so insistent on keeping her pregnancy a secret. Isn't being famous for being famous and living in the spotlight kind of her thing? Why won't she just drop the cherade, and admit she's knocked up? I haven't been this frustrated since the Ministry of Magic refused to admit that Voldemort was back.