Will Arnett Girlfriend: Dating Producer Erin David After Katie Lee A honey for the holidays! Will Arnett has moved on from his August romance with celebrity chef Katie Lee. The 43-year-old Millers actor is now dating Hollywood producer Erin David, Us Weekly can exclusively confirm.

Related: PHOTOS: 2013’s biggest splits 2013 was not the time for these lovers! From Rob Pattinson and Kristen Stewart to Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez, see which Hollywood relationships didn’t make it through to 2014 in our gallery! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I […]

“Will and Katie Lee fizzled. He lives in LA, she lives in NYC,” an insider reveals to Us. “[Erin] produced one of the shows or a film he was in. She produced a lot of Lorne Michaels stuff.”

The new couple haven’t been hiding their affection for one another either. Arnett and David — who first worked together in the actor’s now-canceled NBC series Up All Night, where she served as executive producer — recently stepped out together for a very special shindig.

Related: PHOTOS: Stars who bounced back after breakups Following her breakup from Conor Kennedy, Swift fell hard for One Direction’s Harry Styles after they met and flirted at an X Factor taping. Months later, Swift and Styles were on the outs after a nasty fight during a vacation in the British Virgin Islands. Leading to Swift’s speedy exit back home to Nashville? Styles […]

“Will brought her to Jen [Aniston] and Justin [Theroux’s] holiday party,” the source adds.

Aniston, 44, and fiance Theroux, 42, threw their annual, star-studded tree lighting party at their Bel Air home on Sunday, Dec. 8. Guests arrived at 6:30 p.m. and brought ornaments to decorate the tree. Arnett and David were joined by other famous faces, including Courteney Cox and her new beau, Snow Patrol rocker Johnny McDaid, Robert Downey Jr. and his wife Susan Levin, Tobey Maguire and his wife Jen Meyer, Jason Bateman, Isla Fisher, Chelsea Handler, and Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin.

Related: PHOTOS: Amy Poehler and Tina Fey’s funniest moments The funny pals will take the stage at the 2013 Golden Globe Awards on Sunday, Jan. 13 — and promise a “sloppy, loud party” for everyone involved. Tina Fey and Amy Poehler have even devised a drinking game for viewers back at home, including a drink “every time an actress cries in a speech” and […]

This isn’t Arnett’s first Hollywood romance. The actor separated from Parks and Recreation star Amy Poehler in September 2012 after nine years of marriage, Us exclusively confirmed at the time. The exes are parents to sons Archie, 4, and Abel, 2. Arnett’s new girlfriend Erin previously worked with Poehler in her 2008 film Baby Mama. Poehler, 42, is currently dating comedian and actor Nick Kroll.