Mila Kunis Talks Pregnancy, Divorce Rumors Not on her watch! Mila Kunis is no stranger to the spotlight, but that doesn’t mean she can completely turn the other cheek when it comes to gossip about herself and her family.

Related: Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis’ Hot Romance After playing an onscreen couple in the 1998 comedy series That '70s Show, Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis began a real-life relationship in 2012, eight months after Kutcher's high-profile split from wife Demi Moore. Take a look back in photos at how their love has evolved!

The 34-year-old Bad Moms actress opened up about life in the public eye — and how she tries to avoid the rumor mill — for Cosmopolitan magazine’s August cover story published on Monday, July 2.

“I don’t read anything about myself. I genuinely don’t know what’s written about me … other than I know that I’m pregnant about once a year and my husband [Ashton Kutcher] and I are getting a divorce once a year,” she told the mag. “I know this because I go down the grocery store aisle, and I see it on the cover of magazines and I’m like, ‘Oh boy, OK!’”

Related: Just Like Us: Celebrity Moms From grocery shopping to bonding with their kids, see how star mamas spend their day

However, it’s not as easy for those closest to her to know what’s going on behind closed doors, making some fake stories stressful. “The only thing that’s upsetting is my parents and my grandparents sometimes get confused,” she noted before reflecting on one tough time in particular.

Related: Hottest Couples Who Fell in Love on Set From Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux to Nina Dobrev and Ian Somerhalder, see which stars have found love on set

“At one point when I was pregnant, [the tabloids] said that I had an emergency and was rushed to the hospital, and my face was on the cover,” Kunis said. “The amount of stress that caused my family, nobody will understand.”

As for one person who’s in the cheering section every time there’s speculation of another little Kutcher? “My dad is always very hopeful that the pregnancies are true,” the Friends With Benefits star dished. “He’s always like, ‘Is there really another?'”

Kunis and Kutcher tied the knot in 2015 and share two kids — daughter Wyatt, 3, and son Dimitri, 1. The pair costarred together from 1998 to 2006 on That ‘70s Show.

For the latest celebrity news and interviews subscribe to our new podcast ‘In Case You Missed Us’ below!

