Meryl Streep slams 'disgraceful' Harvey Weinstein over sexual abuse allegations Your support helps us to tell the story Read more Support Now From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging. At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story. The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it. Your support makes all the difference. Read more

Meryl Streep has called Harvey Weinstein “disgraceful” over the sexual harassment allegations made against the Hollywood producer.

The Academy Award-winner issued a statement to The Huffington Post, revealing she was not aware of Weinstein’s behaviour before the allegations were made public.

Streep has collaborated with Weinstein on numerous projects, including August: Osage County and The Iron Lady, even once referring to him as a “God”.

Weinstein has been accused of sexually harassing numerous women over the past few decades, the producer having reportedly paid eight individuals to keep the story quiet.

Many critics, including Donald Trump Jnr, have been vocal about Hollywood not discussing the Weinstein situation. The Daily Beast even used an image of the producer with Streep for an article titled: “Hollywood’s Loud Silence on Harvey Weinstein’s Sexual Harassment Allegations.”

Streep’s full statement reads: “The disgraceful news about Harvey Weinstein has appalled those of us whose work he championed, and those whose good and worthy causes he supported. The intrepid women who raised their voices to expose this abuse are our heroes.

“One thing can be clarified. Not everybody knew. Harvey supported the work fiercely, was exasperating but respectful with me in our working relationship, and with many others with whom he worked professionally.

“I didn’t know about these other offences: I did not know about his financial settlements with actresses and colleagues; I did not know about his having meetings in his hotel room, his bathroom, or other inappropriate, coercive acts. And if everybody knew, I don’t believe that all the investigative reporters in the entertainment and the hard news media would have neglected for decades to write about it.

Watch Apple TV+ free for 7 day New subscribers only. £9.99/mo. after free trial. Plan auto-renews until cancelled. Try for free ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.

Watch Apple TV+ free for 7 day New subscribers only. £9.99/mo. after free trial. Plan auto-renews until cancelled. Try for free ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.

“The behaviour is inexcusable but the abuse of power familiar. Each brave voice that is raised, heard and credited by our watchdog media will ultimately change the game.”

Since the allegations were published, Weinstein has been fired from The Weinstein Company. They said: “His employment is terminated, effective immediately.”