Is Kate Middleton having twins? Prince William had this to say - what is the likelihood? We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

Kate Middleton shows off baby bump in floral dress

Kate Middleton and Prince William are expecting their third child in April.

The couple already have two children, Prince George, four, and Princess Charlotte, two. The Duchess of Cambridge announced her pregnancy on 4 September last year via the Kensington Palace Twitter account. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

It stated: “Their Royal Highnesses The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are very pleased to announce that The Duchess of Cambridge is expecting their third child.

“The Queen and members of both families are delighted with the news.”

GETTY Kate Middleton: Is she having twins? When is she due?

Kate Middleton: Is she having twins? When is she due?

As soon as the news was announced the rumour mill went to work. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

Many were asking what the royal baby might be called and when is Kate due. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

But some were asking something else entirely, whether the royal is expecting twins.

How likely is it that Kate Middleton is expecting twins? The Royal Family has not made a statement on the issue.

Prince William joked about the issue on February 9, when he said: "Twins? I think my mental health would be tested with twins."

GETTY Kate Middleton: The Duchess of Cambridge announced her pregnancy on 4 September last year

He added, according to Hello!: "Two is fine, I don't know how I'm going to cope with three, I'm going to be permanently tired."

So, how common are twins? According to What to Expect, 16.9 in 1,000 pregnancies are twins as of 2011.

However, there are some things than increase the chances of having twins, and much of them have to do with genetics.

Twins can run in the family, so if the women on your mother’s side have had twins you might too.

The older a mother is the more likely she is to have twins.

According to research women over 35 are better candidates for twins.

This is down to hormonal changes which mean you release more than one egg at a time in later years.

GETTY Kate Middleton: The older a mother is the more likely she is to have twins

It is not known exactly how far along Kate was before the announcement of her pregnancy was made on September 4 2017.

The Palace said that Kate was suffering from the same morning sickness illness that has affected the Duchess before.

Morning sickness usually starts in the sixth week of pregnancy.

If this were correct to the day it would place the date of conception on 31 July 2017.