Meghan Markle and Harry show their love in 'COMPLETELY DIFFERENT' ways to William and Kate Meghan Markle kisses Prince Harry at polo match

Speaking with the Express.co.uk, Tracey Cox, a body language and relationships expert and TV presenter, suggested the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are both the “star” in the relationship.

Ms Cox said: “There is something about them that is very similar. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

“Same approach to the world, they both like to have a bit of fun, they very quickly settled in to the appropriate level of affection.

“Their body language shows nobody is at the bottom of the relationship and that is because it is an unusual situation with her being a Hollywood celebrity and him being the star.

“Usually there is only one star in the relationship.” Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

When asked how this compares to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s “mannerisms”, Ms Cox said: “Kate very much knows William is the star.” Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

She added: “Her body language shows she is quite subservient to him.

“Whereas with Harry and Meghan their body language is completely different.

Meghan and Harry's body language shows they are very different from William and Kate

“I can't see any power struggle, and she has got a level of saying.”

Ms Cox explained her claims and suggested the reason why the two Royal couples have got such different relationships is because the pressure is on Prince William, who is third in line to be king.

Ms Cox said: “This is why Meghan and Harry can have public display of affection in public while William and Kate tend not to.

"They can be a bit more modern and affectionate."

Meghan and Harry can have public display of affection in public while William and Kate tend not to

About the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, the expert added: "They are absolute best friends, they are in the companionate stage of the relationship and have a strong tested love.

"They don’t have to do soppy eyes at each other, they don’t have to touch each other every second

The latest news and gossip from the Royal Family plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

"And one of the reasons is that they have been together for so long and grew up together.