Mamma Mia 2: Amanda Seyfried opens up on working with REAL-LIFE ex Dominic Cooper Trailer for Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again

The pair fell in love after appearing in the first movie together, back in 2008.

Their relationship didn’t last, and Seyfried is now happily married to Tom Sadoski - with whom she has a child. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

She admitted in a new interview that Sadoski was “jealous” of her on-screen relationship with Cooper, but it’s nothing to worry about.

“I think he has the same kind of issues that I would have if we were hanging out with his ex-girlfriend from long ago,” she told The Mirror.

Amanda Seyfried reunites with Dominic Cooper in Mamma Mia: Here We Go Again

Seyfried is now married to Tom Sadoski

“I think it’s always like, ‘I’m so in love with this person, so that person must be so in love with her too’. Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

“I assume everyone’s in love with Tommy because I’m in love with him. I assume that everybody sees him the way I do.” Article continues below ADVERTISEMENT

She added: “I’d guess he assumed Dominic is in love with me the way he’s in love with me. And it’s just not the case.

“It’s sweet. I’d rather he be jealous than completely fine with it. He’s been great.

“He’s very supportive and he loves this movie, and [he and Dominic] got along absolutely fine when we were shooting.”

Mamma Mia: Here We Go Again also brings back Meryl Streep, Christine Baranski, Julie Walters, Pierce Brosnan, Stellan Skarsgard and Colin Firth.

Baranski appeared to fuel rumours that Streep’s Donna is dead in the sequel, as she said at the UK press conference that the key players are all dealing with “loss”.

Cooper is back as Sky

Seyfried plays Sophie once again

“When I read the script, I was so taken aback by how original it was, to take this original story and do a sequel and you see the maturation of these characters that we’ve come to know,” she said. “They’ve been informed by loss and things have happened in their lives – big things.

“[To] see them coming together with a new emotional depth and then the brilliance of taking it back in time with six drop dead talented sexy young performers doing all of those sexy rock and roll songs…

The essential resource for TV superfans, curating binge-worthy shows plus selected offers and competitions Subscribe Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy

“It’s really just a genius construct. Everybody waited ten years to make sure it was going to be exactly right and I really think they got it dead right.”