Celebrities Love: Fashion Nova You might not be aware, but loads of your favorite celebs absolutely adore pieces from the cute and affordable e-store FashionNova.com!

Remember that $830 Stella McCartney striped top Nicki Minaj wore that set the internet on fire? She mixed high designer fashion with low budget-friendly denim, pairing her designer shirt with $30 Fashion Nova Top Notch High Waist Jeans in Light Blue.



She also rocked her splurge worthy $2,675 pink leather Moschino jacket with Fashion Nova’s $30 High Waisted Skinnies. They were the perfect complement to her Alexander Wang perforated top, and fit her form just right!



She slipped Fashion Nova’s $20 Amelie Top on with $40 Distressed Joggers:



And wore a gold jacket with their $40 destroyed white skinnies:



It seems that Fashion Nova is the go to jeans brand for the curvy and confident!

Amber Rose is a fan of their $35 Blue Classic High Waisted Jeans, which she’s worn with everything from deep plunge tanks, heels, and sunglasses…



To rocker inspired cropped tank tops, leather jackets, and flat Giuseppe Zanotti sandals.

Blac Chyna has been spied in their $28 high waisted white skinnies. She posed for the ‘gram in the hip hugging pants and haute pink heels, and showed off her barely there waist with a sheer top. The jeans really gave her an hourglass figure!



And Christina Milian has hit the town in their $25 High Waisted Acid Distressed Denim. The distressed details fit perfectly with her casual rocker aesthetic. She completed her look with a zip front bustier top and black boots.



You can’t really beat Fashion Nova’s denim prices when they range from $14.99 to $44.99! And I must admit: every woman wearing the jeans definitely looks hot!



Fashion Nova has more than just jeans!

Dasha Polanco is a fan of Fashion Nova’s $28 Krystal Dress in Olive. She sat pretty in the bodycon dress while awaiting an interview on Revolt News. A gold choker and strappy sandals completed her TV ready look.



And as we reported in our Weekend Instagram Hot or Hmm…, Lala looked super sultry in Fashion Nova’s $20 See Right Through It Crop Top and $23 See Right Through It Skirt. It showcased her fit frame and thin mid section. She looked amazing!



Score the celebrity style and peruse their full collection at FashionNova.com. Also, follow them on Instagram @FashionNova (they’re the Most followed Women’s Fashion Store on Instagram and dozens of celebs follow them!).

What do you think?

