Kim & Kanye: It's over This week, Kanye West has caused controversy across the globe thanks to his erratic and bizarre Tweets – including supporting US President Donald Trump and claims that slavery was a ‘choice.’

Advertisement

The 40-year-old rapper called himself the ‘future president’, bragged about his ‘dragon energy’ and announced he had fired his management because he ‘can’t be managed.’ Wife Kim Kardashian was quick to jump to his defense, tweeting to her fans it was unfair to label her husband ‘mentally ill’ because he has always been ‘expressive.’

In 2016, Kanye spent time in a psychiatric facility due to a mental breakdown.

Now, Life & Style has explosively claimed today that the rapper’s problems are more serious than ever, with insiders claiming they’ve led to the disintegration of his four year marriage.

‘Kim is in talks with lawyers about getting a divorce,’ a friend close to Kim told Life & Style. ‘Kanye’s acting more unpredictable than ever. Things have gotten so bad that Kim and Kanye sleep in separate rooms.’

Advertisement

According to Life & Style’s sensational report, Kim regularly flees her and Kanye’s lavish Hollywood hills home and takes their children – North, 4, Saint, 2, and Chicago, 3 months, to stay at ‘momager’ Kris Jenner’s house.

‘They fight constantly – blow-out fights,’ an insider says. ‘Kanye needs professional help. He’s delusional and paranoid. He thinks he’s a savior.’

The insider adds, ‘He talks to himself, and he talks to people who aren’t actually in the room because he thinks he’s being watched.’

Advertisement

Life & Style’s bombshell claims reveal Kim has endured Kanye’s erratic behaviour for too long, and now with children at home, it’s all become too much.

‘Kim is tired of covering for him,’ a friend tells the publication. ‘She can’t take it anymore.’

Shockingly, Life & Style reports that Kris Jenner has taken Kanye’s side, and is attempting to desperately explain his behaviour.

Advertisement

‘Kris is trying to persuade Kim to work things out with Kanye,’ a friend tells. ‘She sees them as the ultimate power couple and wants to keep it that way. Despite Kanye’s faults, Kris likes him and thinks he’s a great dad. She’s trying to talk Kim out of filing for divorce.’

Friends claim Kim is sick of always trying to work things out.

‘Kim has tried over and over again to work things out with Kanye, and has come to the conclusion that a leopard doesn’t change its spots,’ an insider spills.

‘She’s finally reached her breaking point – there is no way to work this out.’

Advertisement

The Wests and Kardashian’s are yet to respond to Life & Style’s report.