Prince George Is Reportedly Getting More Security Following an ISIS Threat Prince William and son Prince George enjoyed a rare father-son outing in Birmingham, England, yesterday to watch some soccer.

The two were photographed sitting in a suite at Villa Park, from where they watched the UEFA Europa Conference League 2023–24 quarter-final first-leg match between Aston Villa and Lille OSC.

Both William and his eldest son wore navy sweaters over light blue collared shirts, and dark pants. The 10-year-old prince also wore an Aston Villa FC scarf in the team’s signature maroon and sky blue.

Marc Atkins // Getty Images

The outing marks the first time George has been spotted outside Kensington Palace since December. As Harper’s Bazaar has reported, the young prince’s mom, Princess Catherine, underwent abdominal surgery in January for a health issue, and while doctors initially believed her condition was benign, tests following the operation found that cancer had been present. The Princess of Wales revealed as much in a personal video message shared through the palace’s social media channels this March.

“This of course came as a huge shock, and William and I have been doing everything we can to process and manage this privately for the sake of our young family,” she said, adding that the hardest part of learning her diagnosis was finding a way to explain it to her kids: George, Charlotte, eight, and Louis, six.

“As you can imagine, this has taken time. It has taken me time to recover from major surgery in order to start my treatment. But most importantly, it has taken us time to explain everything to George, Charlotte, and Louis in a way that is appropriate for them, and to reassure them that I’m going to be okay,” Kate said. “As I’ve said to them, I am well, and getting stronger every day by focusing on the things that will help me heal, in my mind, body, and spirits.”

Princess Kate is undergoing preventative chemotherapy. King Charles III is also battling his own cancer and undergoing outpatient treatment.