Ariana Grande carried like a baby and 6 other ridiculous rumors about her Ariana Grande would have one less problem if all of the pesky rumors about her alleged outrageous diva behavior would go away.

Gossip about the young songstress’s ‘tude have been running rampant this year. Some of the stories might have a nugget of truth hidden in them, but most are just so out there that they couldn’t possible have any merit, right?

The most recent rumor says that Grande forces her staff to carry her like a baby, according to In Touch magazine. “Her new rule is that she has to be carried — literally like a baby — when she doesn’t feel like walking,” a source told the magazine. “She says she doesn’t want her precious feet to hit the floor.”

Related story Why Is Ariana Grande Skipping the 2026 Actor Awards Tonight?

More: 11 Times Ariana Grande tried really hard to be Mariah Carey

Here are some other outlandish rumors about Grande that have popped up.

1. She refused to do the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge

According to Star magazine, Grande would not film herself having ice dumped over her head because she refuses to be seen without her hair extensions or full makeup. “Celebrities all over the world are doing it for a good cause, but she doesn’t care,” Star says a source told them. “Her skin is a big problem for her and she absolutely does not want to be seen barefaced.”

2. She threatens lighting crews with drastic measures if they mess up

In August, Grande allegedly berated a lighting crew and made sure she was only shot from certain angles. “She was a total nightmare,” a source told Star. “She demanded to be shot only on her left side and told the lighting crew that if they used red light, she would ‘kill herself.'”

More: Harsh! Did Bette Midler just call Ariana Grande a ‘whore’?

3. She has an assistant feed her water with a straw

“She had an assistant follow her around with a bottle of water and a straw,” a witness told Star. “And as soon as she was feeling a bit parched, she would scream ‘Water!’ and the girl would scurry over… At one point, the water was too warm for her liking, so she spit it out!”

4. She elbowed Giuliana Rancic in the side

Grande allegedly strong-armed Rancic into moving out of her way during an interview, again to make sure she was only seen from her good side. It seems that this rumor might actually be true, because the allegations come straight from Rancic’s mouth. “I remember, I think I was at the AMAs, she came up on the platform and normally I stand on this side to the camera,” Rancic said, according to Perez Hilton. “Little Ariana comes over like all bink [mimics an elbow jab] with an elbow in my side. I’m like, ‘What’s going on?’ And they pushed me to the other side.”

5. She wished death upon her fans

According to a source, Grande was all smiles while signing autographs for fans earlier this year, but said some pretty brutal things as soon as they were out of earshot. “As soon as the doors [of an elevator] shut she said, ‘I hope they all f***ing die,'” an insider told the New York Daily News.

6. She ordered her security to delete a fan’s camera photos

A couple of very disappointed fans took to Twitter after meeting Grande, who was alleged very distant and snubbed them at a meet and greet.

We won a #MTV contest to meet @ArianaGrande & we ended up in tears. Disappointed our idol would treat us like this 😔 pic.twitter.com/afeb7irAJv — Jennifer O'Connor (@HerNamesJen) August 24, 2014

@ArianaGrande My sister & I were huge fans. u made @HerNamesJen extremely sad by walking away from her & telling me to delete all my pics. — Kel (@KelleJansky) August 26, 2014

What do you think? Is there truth to any these rumors, or are they just crazy talk?