Fergie Gives Birth: Singer, Josh Duhamel Welcome Baby Boy Axl Jack Welcome to the world, baby Duhamel! Black Eyed Peas singer Fergie gave birth to her first child with husband Josh Duhamel, a baby boy, on Thursday, Aug. 29, in L.A., a rep confirms to Us Weekly.

Axl Jack Duhamel weighed in at 7 pounds, 10 ounces, the rep tells Us.

Related: PHOTOS: Fergie’s maternity style “Josh & Me & BABY makes three!” Fergie announced on Twitter. The pregnant Black Eyed Peas singer and husband Josh Duhamel stepped out that same day at LAX airport on Feb. 18, 2013. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I […]

Married since 2009, the couple have been eagerly anticipating their little bundle of joy's birth for weeks. At the Hollywood premiere of Duhamel's new movie, Scenic Route, on Tuesday, Aug. 20, the 40-year-old actor said they were packed and ready to go to the hospital at a moment's notice.

"We do have a bag ready but just not here," he told Us. "So he's going to have to wait. He's going to have to wait until next week."

Related: PHOTOS: Fergie and Josh’s wedding album Fergie and Josh exchanged H.Stern rings, with each band engraved with special personal messages by the bride and groom. Her engagement ring had a round, 4-carat brilliant cut diamond set amid other diamonds, with colors ranging from white to cognac. A narrow, colored diamond wedding band was designed to match. Duhamel’s ring was made of […]

The star also spoke recently about how well his wife had been handling her first pregnancy. "I'm mostly impressed with how gracefully…I mean she's just been awesome throughout this whole thing," he gushed on Aug. 15. "She's taken really good care of herself, she's happy, she's in great spirits, she looks beautiful and I'm just really proud of her more than anything. And I'm really excited to meet this little dude. I can't wait."

Related: PHOTOS: Celebrity pregnancies From Kim Kardashian to Angelina Jolie, look back at more than 50 stars’ pregnancy journeys. Plus, see how celebrities like Anna Paquin and Beyonce dressed their baby bumps — and much more. Related: Pregnant celebs in barely-there swimwear Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. […]

That said, he's not sure he's entirely ready for how much his life is about to change. Appearing on The Tonight Show two nights before Fergie gave birth, the dad-to-be admitted to having some last-minute pre-baby jitters.

"You know, I gotta tell you, I'm a little bit nervous," he told Jay Leno. "I thought that I was going to be good. I thought that I was ready for this, and I'm a little bit terrified. I'm excited and terrified, because I am responsible for this little thing. Forever."