Catherine Zeta-Jones, Carys Zeta Douglas on 'Town & Country' Cover Prepare to have your mind blown. Like famous mother-daughter duo Reese Witherspoon and Ava Phillippe before them, Catherine Zeta-Jones and her 15-year-old daughter Carys Zeta Douglas (her father is Michael Douglas) are carbon copies of one another. Proof: they’re on the cover of Town & Country’s September issue, which at first glance, looks as though you are seeing double — in the best way possible.

Related: Mila Kunis Gushes Over ‘Real Housewives’ and ‘The Bachelor’: I’ve ‘Seen Every Episode’ Mila Kunis is a Real Housewives and The Bachelor superfan, and she is not afraid to show it. The actress flaunted her love for the reality series when she came face to face with one of the stars. The Spy Who Dumped Me actress, 34, appeared on the Wednesday, August 1, episode of Live With Kelly and Ryan, where Real Housewives of Beverly […]

Carys, though young, is in the midst of her show business debut as the third generation of an iconic acting family. She first caused a buzz when she made not one, but two, fashion week appearances, one at Michael Kors and the other at Dolce & Gabbana alongside her superstar mother. Since then, Douglas has developed quite the following, now touting 54,000 Instagram followers — sealing the deal for her as the next It Girl.

In the cover feature, Carys and her Oscar-winning mother discuss a number of topics, from their move from Bermuda to Manhattan, to her unique sense of style, which mom Zeta-Jones describes as “modern but age appropriate.”

Related: See Jennifer Lopez’s Hottest Fashion Moments Whether she’s walking down the red carpet, performing live or simply out and about, Jennifer Lopez always serves up a seriously hot style moment. The actress’ sexy style is just as iconic as her eponymous J. Lo glow. From plunging necklines and thigh-high leg slits to slinky dresses and itty-bitty minis, the Wedding Planner star […]

But the up-and-coming teenager isn’t the only member of her family causing a stir, her mom has still got it. In fact, Zeta-Jones is currently filming a dark comedy series about a beauty pageant coach called Queen America. Clearly, as a family, they’ve got a lot going on — and a ton of talent between them.

To see the incredible mother-daughter resemblance and get the illustrious details on Carys Zeta Douglas and Catherine Zeta Jones, pick up a copy of Town & Country on newsstands this week and basque in the glory that is Hollywood royalty.