Ethan Hawke Is on Angelina Jolie’s Christmas Card List Tell Us how to get on that list! Ethan Hawke revealed to USA Today on Tuesday, Jan. 6, that he and his Taking Lives costar Angelina Jolie still keep in touch — via holiday cards!

“Every now and then, I get a Christmas card,” the Boyhood actor, 44, told the paper.

Related: PHOTOS: Celebrity holiday cards! See the festive ways stars have shared their holiday well-wishes with friends and family. Related: Celeb Moms Dish on the Holidays! Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from […]

He then reflected on what it was like to work alongside Jolie over ten years ago, before she had even started her romance with now-husband Brad Pitt. In 2003 (when Taking Lives was filmed), Jolie had recently filed for divorce from Billy Bob Thornton and was raising her eldest son Maddox, then 2, on her own.

A year later, the Lara Croft: Tomb Raider actress would meet the love of her life Pitt, with whom she would eventually share six children.

Related: PHOTOS: Brangelina’s surprising BFFs! The Facts of Life star, 44, is godmother to two of the Jolie-Pitt kids. An insider told Us that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt gifted Cohn with a huge diamond ring and free plane tickets to visit the brood wherever they are. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please […]

“I worked with her at a very interesting moment in her life,” Hawke, 44, recalled. “It’s pretty awesome what she’s doing. People wanted her to be Marilyn Monroe. They wanted her to burn out. She was about as punk rock as a movie star could be. I loved her for it.”

Related: PHOTOS: Angie’s Hollywood transformation Jolie (with dad Jon Voight) wore an over-the-top lace dress to the Oscars. Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly Deal of the Day These Suede […]

Related: PHOTOS: Celeb couples — then and now! Their love stands the test of time! From Rita Wilson and Tom Hanks to Victoria and David Beckham, see which celebrity couples’ partnerships have endured throughout the years. Related: Forgotten Celebrity Marriages Thank You! You have successfully subscribed. Subscribe to newsletters Enter your email Please enter a valid email. Subscribe By signing up, I agree […]

Hawke praised the Unbroken director for her work as a humanitarian. “She’s taken all that energy and turned that into being a substantive human being,” the Before Sunrise star noted. “The fact that Angelina has transcended the way the world objectified her and is making serious films, she deserves all the positive things that are happening.”