Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston reunite with a wedding a baby Just days after announcing her shock split from Justin Theroux, Jennifer Aniston has wasted no time in sharing vows with another man – her ex-husband Brad Pitt.

Advertisement

Sources close to the Friends star reveal that she and Brad took off to a remote island in the Caribbean last week with just a handful of friends, holding a romantic, intimate commitment ceremony on a quiet beach. And in a surprise new twist, it’s believed Jen is already a long way through the process of adopting a baby – with Jen telling friends she ‘can’t wait’ to have a family with Brad. The shock developments come as respected US website TMZ reveals that Jen and Justin may never have been married in the first place, making it easier for Jen to make her renewed romance with Brad official so soon.

(Credit: Getty)

‘Jen and Brad are done with hiding and really wanted to do something major to show that they’re together and are committed to making it work once and for all,’ a source tells New Idea.

‘They decided to walk down the aisle and have a commitment ceremony to one another with just their inner circle present.’ While they didn’t officially marry, friends say it felt like a wedding – cementing their dedication to one another after so many years apart and proving they’re in it for the long haul. ‘They spent time in Anguilla back during their first marriage and had lots of beautiful experiences – so it’s only fitting that they wanted to go back there and create some new memories to cherish. ‘The ceremony was on a small, quiet beach – Jen wore a simple white linen slip dress and no shoes, Brad wore white shorts and an open white shirt. She was clutching some flowers she’d picked in the morning – it was very simple, but very intimate and special.

Advertisement

Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie (l), Justin Theroux and Justin Aniston (Credit: Getty)

‘They’re now back to calling one another husband and wife, and while their marriage might not be official in the eyes of the law, it’s 100 per cent real to Brad and Jen. This was like their second wedding.’ Also on everyone’s lips were rumours that Brad and Jen are already working on adopting a baby, a dream for both. It’s emerged that Jen started the adoption process while she was still with Justin – even though their relationship was dying, knowing that she wanted to have a baby even if they split. ‘That’s the reason she suddenly decided to separate from Justin,’ a friend tells New Idea. ‘The adoption process has reached a crucial stage and she doesn’t want Justin to have any claim over her son. ‘Brad is very excited about Jen’s baby news – especially as he rarely gets to see his own kids anymore because of his custody battle with Ange.’

It’s a fairytale ending for Brad and Jen who sensationally split in 2005 after a five-year marriage. While fans have always hoped for ‘Hollywood’s Golden Couple’ to reunite, it seemed an impossibility with the actor’s high-profile marriage to Angelina Jolie, who’s long been accused of breaking up Brad and Jen – and Jen’s marriage to Justin.

Advertisement

But with both relationships now over, Brad and Jen have seized the opportunity to make their second chance at love official.

For the full story see this weeks issue of New Idea – out now!