Kim Kardashian, Kanye West’s ‘Last Embryo’ for Baby No. 4 Is a Boy Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have babies on the brain again! Seven months after welcoming daughter Chicago, the couple are planning to have a fourth child, multiple sources reveal exclusively in the new issue of Us Weekly.

“[They] have one last embryo left,” one insider says, adding that the sex is male.

Related: Kim and Kanye’s Sweetest Moments With Their Kids These pictures are worth a thousand words — and then some! Since Kim Kardashian and Kanye West added Mom and Dad to their résumés in 2013, they’ve been sharing adorable photos of their family. The KKW Beauty creator gave birth to their eldest daughter, North, in June 2013, followed by son Saint two years later. […]

The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star, 37, and the Grammy winner, 41, plan to have the embryo implanted in a gestational carrier “soon,” a second insider tells Us.

This will not be the first time Kardashian and West, who wed in May 2014, turn to surrogacy. They hired a gestational carrier for Chicago after the social media mogul suffered high-risk pregnancies with daughter North, 5, and son Saint, 2, due to preeclampsia and placenta accreta.

Related: Kim and Kanye’s Sweetest PDA Moments Kimye's happily ever after! See how Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's sweet romance blossomed since they started dating in April 2012.

“Doctors said that it wasn’t safe for my — or the baby’s — health to carry on my own,” Kardashian wrote on her website in January, just three days after Chicago was born. “After exploring many options, Kanye and I decided to use a gestational carrier. Although I have used the term surrogate in the past, a gestational carrier is actually the technical term for a woman who carries a baby that she has no biological relationship to. A traditional surrogate donates her egg, is artificially inseminated with the father’s sperm and then carries the baby to term. Since we implanted my fertilized egg in our gestational carrier, our baby is biologically mine and Kanye’s.”

The reality star has long expressed her desire to have a big family. That said, she’ll likely draw the line at four kids. “I don’t think I could handle more than that,” she told Elle in April. “My time is spread really thin. And I think it’s important that in all couples, the mom gives the husband as much attention as the kids.”

Related: The Kardashian Family: Get to Know the Next Generation While making their mark on the entertainment and business world, the Kardashian-Jenner clan is also raising their next generation. Kourtney Kardashian was the first of Kris Jenner’s children to have kids of her own. Kourtney and her now-ex Scott Disick welcomed their eldest son, Mason, in December 2009, followed by daughter Penelope three years later. […]

For more on Kimye’s plans for baby No. 4, including whether they plan to hire the same surrogate, pick up the new issue of Us Weekly, on stands now!