​Angelina Jolie Is Secretly Dating a Handsome Older Guy Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner ended their relationship back in 2015, and since then they've taken...slightly different approaches to their love lives. Meaning, Ben entered an extremely high profile relationship with J.Lo (which ended, womp), while Jennifer started dating Cali Group CEO John Miller—and kept things so low-key we barely noticed when they broke up / got back together. So clearly a timeline is in order, especially in light of news that John isn't exactly here for Jennifer's involvement in Ben and J.Lo's recent marriage drama.

Um, by the way... Everything We Know About Bennifer Divorce

October 2018

Jen Garner and Ben Affleck finalize their divorce on October 5. Then on October 10, a source tells People that she "doesn't want to be single for the rest of her life" and "is open to dating"

Several weeks later on October 24, Jennifer and John's relationship breaks. Us Weekly is one of the first outlets to report the news, with a source saying “They’ve been together six months — and it’s getting pretty serious." Another insider adds that “Jen brings out the best in John, and he is the happiest he has probably ever been. It’s a loving, healthy relationship.”

Meanwhile, not to be outdone, People speaks to a source who confirms "They are casually dating but it's not serious. He hasn't met her kids."

November 2018

People comes through with another source update. AHEM!

“She doesn’t call him her boyfriend. But she loves getting attention from John. They have fun together and it’s easy.”

August 2019

A source tells Us Weekly that “Jen having a boyfriend has been the best thing to happen to Ben and Jen in a long time. Ben’s become a better parent. He’s really showing Jen that he can be a better person. They’re coparenting in a way they never have before.”

The outlet also reports that “John is the complete opposite of Ben. Jen feels like she’s finally found a true partner.... John and Jen are in similar places in their lives and can relate to raising kids after a divorce. They’re on the same page and understand where things stand.”

January 2020

Yet ANOTHER Us Weekly source says John “very much wants to marry” Jen, but “knows she can’t be rushed.”

Meanwhile, Jen posts a meme kinda implying she's on dating apps?

February 2020

A source dishes about Jen and John's relationship to E! News, saying "Jen still sees John and seems content with where things are in their relationship. John is a nice normal guy who is in a similar situation with raising kids while being divorced. They've made what they have work and enjoy being together. They are happy to see each other when they can. There isn't a lot of pressure to make it more than it is. He very much respects how seriously she takes her role as a mom and always put her kids first. They have both had a positive impact on each other."

Some Casual Further Reading All the Wild Moments From J.Lo and Ben’s ‘Ship

August 2020

Jennifer and John split after two years of dating, with a source telling Us Weekly "He was ready for marriage and she just couldn’t commit. They parted on very amicable terms."

March 2021

Newly-ish single Jen makes it clear she doesn't see herself getting married again, telling People "I don't know. I'm so far from it. And I don't know that marriage would need to be a part... I mean I definitely don't think that I'll be single forever. But this is not the time. I don't need to complicate it. I'm good."

May 2021

John and Jen are back together! A source tells Us Weekly, “It started up a few weeks ago.”

January 2023

The pair are spotted on a cute cozy winter walk!

CB/CB / BACKGRID

February 2023

A source tells People, "They have a very special relationship. It's never been the easiest one though since they both have families. They took a long break from dating, but Jen is very happy that they are back together."

June 2023

I have never! seen! a sweeter! photo!

BACKGRID

November 2023

Us Weekly chats to multiple sources about all things Jen and John. Some cute updates?

“Jen and John are in a great place. They used to go out of their way to keep a low profile, but they’ve both become very secure with their relationship and how it’s all worked out.”

“Jen and John have a really special relationship. After having so much of her [marriage with Affleck] in the spotlight, she really enjoys being with someone who isn’t a celebrity.”

“John’s been happy to go with the flow and do things Jen’s way from day one. John is a romantic who’s big on making sweet gestures and spoiling Jen when she least expects it.”

Oh, and also a wedding isn't off the table. Per a source: “Jen and John want to take their time to plan out the specifics as far as the type of ceremony they want, where to live and whether or not they’ll need a prenup. All that will come, but on their own timetable.”

June 2024

Things take a turn for the slightly 😬 thanks to a source telling the Daily Mail that John is tired of Jennifer trying to help fix Ben and J.Lo's marriage. "Of course it bothers John that Jen is so hyper focused on her ex-husband. He cares deeply for Ben and sympathizes with what he is going through with Jennifer, but that doesn’t mean Jen should be the one to fix her ex-husband’s issues with his current wife. That makes no sense to anyone."

The insider adds, "Jen is such a caring and wonderful woman and mother and there is nothing but a deep friendship and bond between her and Ben. John wants nothing more than for Ben to be okay, but it isn’t his girlfriend’s responsibility to play babysitter to him. That is for Ben to figure out on his own and for his wife to handle. It isn’t Jen’s responsibility, and he has told her this."

August 2024

Another source tells the Daily Mail that “John doesn’t like sharing Jen and there is a divide when it comes to her and Ben. He wishes it wasn’t like that because he understands they are a family, but it gets to him like it would anyone.”

The insider also adds, “John doesn’t have any fears that they are getting back together—but it has been tough coping with her support for Ben during his split from J.Lo.”

Apparently John is “looking forward to Ben and J.Lo’s split being done so he can start focusing on Jen” and “both Jen and John are hoping for that. It is just going to take a little time. They both want to be in a better place, but some work needs to be done.”

January 2025

More rumored tension between John and Ben! An insider for Page Six claims John "isn’t thrilled" about how much Ben has been leaning on his ex for support through his divorce from J.Lo, adding, "He doesn’t feel threatened in terms of Jen ever getting back with Ben, but at the same time it’s hard not to feel jealous when it’s clear they have a strong connection and friendship."

Per the insider, "Their growing bond is getting to be a bit much when Ben spends all the holidays with them like Christmas and Thanksgiving," leaving John feeling "like a third wheel." They even go on to add, "It used to be solely about the kids, but John feels like it could be more than just about their coparenting relationship."

February 2025

The Daily Mail obtains some rare pics of Jennifer and John packing on the PDA while out and about in L.A.

Not long after, a source for Us Weekly dismisses rumors claiming John is jealous of Jennifer and Ben's bond. "Everything is fine with John and Jen,” the insider says, adding that "those close to them haven’t heard of any issues."

However! Another insider then tells the Daily Mail that "John is trying to deal with Ben and Jen's relationship by mostly staying quiet, but it's very hard to do that. He knows that Ben has to be around as a father and he is more than OK with that, but he wants to be the man in the relationship. John only talks about Ben when Jen talks about Ben or when their kids talk about him. He doesn't bring him up unprompted. John respects Ben, but less is more because John wants Jen for himself. He still needs to figure out how to compartmentalise it all."

﻿March 2025

A source tells the Daily Mail that John is less than thrilled about Ben and Jen's paintball PDA, saying ﻿﻿"Does it bother John when he sees the two of them being touchy-feely? Sure. It would get to anyone, but this is nothing new. Ben and Jen have a unique relationship, especially for exes. He loves her more than any woman he has ever loved besides his mom. But he also accepts that this cannot be. Not while she is devoted to someone else. Ben will always flirt with Jen, and she sees it as innocent."

﻿April 2025

﻿A source tells Us Weekly﻿ that ﻿﻿"John is basically living with Jennifer part-time. ﻿He has an office in L.A. and splits his time between staying there and at Jennifer’s home. But he’s been staying with Jennifer more often [and] doesn’t want to impose, so he’s looking for his own place… [and] deciding whether he’ll rent or buy.”

Awk times, awk times. Anyway, we'll be updating you with the latest!