Taylor Swift's Reputation becomes first album to surpass two million in sales since 2015 Your support helps us to tell the story Read more Support Now From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging. At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story. The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it. Your support makes all the difference. Read more

Taylor Swift's Reputation has just surpassed two million sales, making it the first album to do so since Adele's 25 in 2015.

Currently in its 18th week of release, it's also only one of two albums from last year to sell more than one million copies, Ed Sheeran's ÷ being the other, according to Nielsen tracking figures. Reputation hit the milestone in its first week of release, selling 1.2 million copies.

All of Swift's six previous studio albums - 1989, Red, Speak Now, Fearless, and Taylor Swift - sold more than two million copies.

However, Forbes pointed out that, interestingly, it took significantly longer for Reputation to hit that phenomenal milestone. In fact, longer than Swift's past three albums combined.

2014's 1989 hit 2 million during its third week of release, 2012's Red during its fifth week of release, and 2010's Speak Now during its sixth week. Even 2008's Fearless took only seven weeks to pass 2 million sales.

Swift’s 50-plus-stop stadium tour will commence on 8 May. She recently released the video for her new single "Delicate", which imagined the musician gaining the power of invisibility, allowing her a brief sojourn away from her much-tormenting "reputation".

Follow Independent Culture on Facebook for all the latest on Film, TV, Music, and more.