What's going on with John Cena and Nikki Bella? A timeline Nick Schwartz

USA TODAY Sports

May 31, 2018, 3:45 p.m. ET

The storybook romance of WWE stars John Cena and Nikki Bella fell apart just weeks before the couple expected to get married, but both parties are now hopeful they can get back together following Cena's shocking confession on national television.

What's going on with John Cena and Nikki Bella, and will they reconcile their differences? We went back to 2012 and charted the course of their relationship, and the couple has been divided over two big issues for years.

2012 - The first date

After working together for years, John Cena surprised Nikki Bella by asking her out in 2012, months after filing for divorce from his first wife.

Via Cosmopolitan:

https://www.eonline.com/shows/total_divas/news/700620/john-cena-tells-nikki-bella-talking-about-pregnancy-makes-him-get-the-sweats-watch-the-total-divas-clip

Late 2015/Early 2016 - Dolph Ziggler offers 'marriage, babies' to Nikki Bella

In a shocking development, Nikki Bella revealed that WWE star Dolph Ziggler, who dated prior to Bella's relationship with Cena, wants to marry her.

"Dolph pulled me aside at work and told me that he wants to give me marriage and babies. And then he tried to kiss me."

Ziggler had approached Bella back in 2015 to tell her that he still had feelings for her. Prior to WrestleMania 33, The Miz roasted Cena - who "stole his girlfriend from Dolph Ziggler" - on an episode of Talking Smack.

April 21st, 2016 - Cena confirms he's still opposed to marriage and to having children in a Rolling Stone profile

Rolling Stone profiled Cena just after WrestleMania 32, and he went public with some very strong views on marriage and having kids.

Via Rolling Stone:

“Just because everyone else is happy with children doesn’t mean that’s how I have to live,” Cena said. “I’ve been upfront about this. I just have things I need to get done. It’s not negotiable. We’ve been to therapy over it. I don’t think it will ever be over with. I’m stubborn as [expletive] and extremely selfish as well. I don’t want kids, I don’t want marriage. That’s me just saying, ‘Hey, this is my life and this is how I’m going to live.”

October 5th, 2016 - The Total Bellas premiere

Cena came off as an extremely rigid creature of habit when television cameras entered his home. Here's a personal favorite moment from the first show, when Cena is explaining the house rules to Daniel Bryan and Brie Bella.

http://people.com/movies/john-cena-prefer-married-already/

April 15th, 2018 - The breakup

On a Sunday night, Nikki Bella tweeted out a short statement, announcing that she and Cena had split as a couple and called off their engagement just before their wedding.

April 19th, 2018 - Brie Bella squashes report that Nikki wants to "kill" Cena

Brie Bella, Nikki Bella’s sister, responded to a People.com report on Instagram. In the story, a source claimed that “Brie wants to kill him.” Brie Bella refuted the report, and said that Cena will “always be family.”

http://people.com/tv/nikki-bella-hopes-one-day-she-john-cena-can-get-back-together/

May 15th, 2018 - Total Bellas promos document the downfall of the relationship

https://www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-news/news/nikki-bella-john-cena-back-together-after-calling-off-wedding/

More WWE!

Is Kai Cenat in the 2025 WWE Royal Rumble?

The 10 most essential Joe Hendry songs, now that he's an NXT crossover sensation

Pat McAfee seemingly doubled down on calling Caitlin Clark a 'white [expletive]' during WWE's Monday Night Raw