Brad Pitt has a 'secret love child' Holy guacamole, Brad Pitt's life seems to be getting more complicated every single day.

Not only he is reportedly back on with his ex Jennifer Aniston and Angelina Jolie, but the 54-year-old also supposedly has a new lady love, MIT professor Neri Oxman.

Now it's been claimed that the Hollywood actor is going to become a dad again, with an unknown woman he's had a "night of passion" with earlier this year, by NW magazine.

Brad Pitt is said to have fathered a secret love child with a LA based woman in her twenties. Source: Getty

Brad is expecting a "secret love child" with an LA-based woman, who due to legal reasons cannot be named, according to the publication.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

Brad Pitt and Jen Aniston are 'engaged'

Brad and Jen 'in love and always have been'

"She's claiming that she hooked up with Brad after she met him at a private art viewing. Apparently, she's saying that they didn't use protection and he never left her a way of getting in touch, which is why she's come forward," an insider told the mag.



Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston had reportedly become

Angelina and Brad, pictured here in 2015, announced their separation in September 2016. Source: Getty

The alleged affair happened around January when Brad was "enjoying the single life" and it was then that he and met the woman in her twenties who says their encounter has resulted in her getting pregnant.

While there has been no word on the truth of the claims, Be has reached out to Brad's people.

Brad Pitt and Neri Oxman have also been rumoured to be dating. Source: Instagram / camenzino

News surrounding the dad-of-six's love life has been rife with speculation, with many fans hoping his divorce from Angelina Jolie would result in him reuniting with his former wife, Jen.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

Despite claims the pair were "married in Missouri" recently and him also being romantically linked to Neri, the actor has remained tight-lipped on his true relationship status.

Got a story tip? Send it to tips@yahoo7.com.au

Want more celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news? Follow Be on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram