Meet Kate Hudson's Boyfriend and Baby Daddy Women's Health may earn commission from the links on this page, but we only feature products we believe in. Why Trust Us?

Back in 2021, Kate Hudson , now 44, and her fiancé, Danny Fujikawa, now 37, got engaged after 15 years of being friends, and four years of dating, per People . And while they haven't tied the knot just yet, they definitely seem to be enjoying a pretty blissful life together.

The couple welcomed a daughter together in 2018, Rani Rose, and after her arrival, Danny expressed his admiration for Kate in the sweetest way. “I’ve seen her do things that I can’t imagine doing myself and I’m very proud of her,” he told Entertainment Tonight.

“And I’m in awe of her for some of the things that she is able to do when she sets her mind to it,” he added.

Lucky for Kate, Danny makes her busy life brighter, even when they’re not on the best terms. "He makes me feel beautiful every single moment of the day, even when we have fought," she said in a People cover story. "I still feel loved. His devotion to the family unit makes me feel safe and confident and secure."

During an interview on comedian Chelsea Handler’s podcast, Kate explained that her relationship with Danny is “the best,” and that it’s “the first relationship I’ve had where I really feel free.”

“He gives me so much freedom…when you have someone who has such a deep trust in you and gives you so much freedom, it feels so nice,” she told Chelsea.

Kate, who has two sons from a previous relationship, in addition to her daughter with Danny, explained that they don’t have a "traditional setup" family- or relationship-wise. "And I have to say, I have zero regrets of my life. I’ve never defined myself through the way that a man sees me. But I can define myself in the unit that we can create together," she explained.

A partnership like this doesn't happen by accident, though. Kate and Danny have a long, adorable history. Here's everything you need to know about Kate's longtime friend, fiancé, and baby daddy, Danny Fujikawa.

They made their red carpet debut as a couple in May 2017.

It was at the premiere of Snatched in LA, where Kate and Danny first kissed and posed for photos together on a red carpet. “My cute man. He’s the best!” she told Extra at the premiere.

And, when asked what she loves most about him, Kate said, “How long do you have? He’s a good man.” But rumors about their relationship started popping up in March of the same year, since the couple was spotted kissing during a lunch date in Los Angeles, according to People.

They knew each other for years before they started dating.

Kate said in an Instagram post in December 2017 that she first met Danny when she was 23 and pregnant with her son, Ryder. Danny's stepsisters are Kate’s best friends, she says, so they’ve been in the same circles for years.

“A year ago today Danny took me on a hike and what I thought was just a hike with a family friend turned very quickly into an unexpected first date,” Kate wrote in her Instagram caption. “No moves were made on this first date. In fact, it took months for him to make a first move! And as a kiss on this bridge would have been nice, the kiss a year later was so much sweeter. So on our 15th year of knowing each other we were able to open our hearts to each other to feel so much pure love and it’s been truly incredible!"



He's a total family man.

Kate has two children, Ryder Russell Robinson, 17, and Bingham Hawn Bellamy, 10, from previous relationships with Chris Robinson and Matt Bellamy, respectively. She also has a daughter, 2, with Danny. Kate and Danny have found a way to make blended family life work for them.

“If I have to go to a dinner meeting, he can be home,” Kate told WH. “His number one priority is family. And when we have our disputes, I feel the thing that allows us to get through them is having the same ultimate goal, and that includes being in each other’s life. It just feels so nice.”

Danny is Kate's support system.

Kate Hudson is an absolute powerhouse (see: her interview in the Women's Health December 2019 issue for proof). She's an actress, business mogul, and mom of three who still manages to find time for self-care and three to four workouts a week (including pole dancing!). But her crazy schedule wouldn't be nearly as manageable without a little help from her fiancé.

“I’ve got the best man,” Kate previously told Women's Health. “It’s the first time I feel like I have a real teammate in this. We’re able to pick up where the other one has to leave off.”

They welcomed their first child together in October 2018.

The actress posted a simple Instagram photo that reads: "10-2-18" on top of a pink background. "She’s here 💕," Kate shared in the caption.



Kate also wrote that she and Danny decided to name their daughter Rani Rose Hudson Fujikawa. It's their first baby together, btw!

“We have decided to name our daughter Rani (pronounced Ronnie) after her grandfather, Ron Fujikawa. Ron was the most special man who we all miss dearly. To name her after him is an honor,” Kate wrote in her announcement post.

She added: “Everyone is doing well and happy as can be. Our family thanks you for all the love and blessings that have been sent our way and we send ours right back.”

They were very excited for Rani's arrival.

Kate told People that she "[looks] forward to having feminine energy" around.

And her brothers Oliver Hudson and Wyatt Russell confirmed both she and Danny were very excited about their daughter on the way.

“I was teary-eyed because I know how badly she wanted a girl,” he told People in April. “I know Danny, I’m sure in some part of every man’s brain you’re like, ‘I’d love to have a little me.’”

Wyatt added: “But when he met my brother’s little girl Rio, who’s the cutest thing in the entire world, she made him be like, ‘Okay, I want a girl.’ So they’re really excited.”

Both Danny and Kate went into full-blown nesting mode.

In Kate's Instagram story at the end of September 2018, Kate posted a series of photos that revealed she and Danny were prepping their baby's nursery as they eagerly awaited her arrival.

The story pics included a poll about wallpaper, a photo of the bassinet they chose for the room, and finally a photo of Danny wearing a baby carrier with the caption "I think someone's ready to go!"

They announced Kate's pregnancy in the cutest (and realest) way.

Kate and her honey first announced they were expecting a baby girl together back in April 2018 with an Instagram video. The post showed the couple—along with Kate's sons Ryder and Bingham—popping four huge balloons that contained pink confetti. (Cue everyone screaming.)

“SURPRISE!!! If you’ve wondered why I’ve been so absent on my social channels it’s because I have never been more sick!” Kate wrote in the caption. “[It] was the most sick first trimester of all my children. Boomerangs have made me nauseous, Superzoom is an easy way to have my head in the toilet, food Instagrams make me [queasy] and thinking too much about Insta stories made me even more exhausted than I already had been.”

Danny fits in perfectly with Kate's family.

Following the actress's birthday in 2018, Kate posted this cute pic with Danny, along with the caption: "#tbt To my favorite birthday moment. You can’t really see my kiddos in the front but I was getting love from all my boys at once. #FeelingLucky."

Danny is a musician.

Kate’s former husband Chris Robinson and ex Matt Bellamy were also in the music biz. Danny is the former singer and guitarist for the band Chief.

He also owns the record label Lightwave Records, which he started in 2013 with The Delta Mirror frontman Chris Acosta, according to the label’s Facebook page.



He worked on Kate's promo videos for her clothing line.

Danny can officially add professional Instagram/social media boyfriend to his resume. In a recent post, he shared a video for Kate's clothing line Happy x Nature, that he not only edited but composed the music for too!

He captioned the video, "Here lies the teaser I edited and musically composed for my baby’s new “ready-to-wear” clothing line. Of all the clothes in the world that are ready to wear, these are the most ready. #happyxnature #THX"

And of course, Kate looks amazing.

He clearly has a great sense of humor.

Kate's boo seems like a pretty hilarious guy. He regularly posts pics on Instagram of himself doing funny things like posing in a sheet mask and “crying” after he shaved off his long beard.

They've traveled the world together.

It's clear from their Instagrams that these two love to travel and share experiences together. The couple has sailed in Cambodia, hit the skii slopes for Valentine’s Day and even went to Dubai, where Kate and Danny gave falconry a try.

While Kate was six months pregnant with Rani, the couple took a "babymoon" trip and traveled through Italy, with friends and family.

The crew conquered Sicily in July, and Kate posted these cute candid pictures from their trip:

“🇮🇹❤️☀️#sicily,”she wrote in the caption.



No doubt about it—they're a jet-setting fam.

They workout together, too.

Kate's a big fitness fan, and Danny works out right by her side. It's unclear if he joins for all her sweat sessions, but he shared one hilarious gym video on Instagram.

Kate's open to having more kids with Danny.

The actress chatted about having another baby with Danny on The Ellen Degeneres Show in February of 2020. “I don’t know if I’m done. I’m in that place of like, right now, Rani is at that age where you’re like, ‘I want another baby.’ But once she gets like 4 or 5, you’re like, ‘I feel like my life is kinda back a little bit [and] they’re kinda in a groove,’” she told Ellen. “It’s weird… it’s like a window.”

She’s not rushing the wedding planning.

When the couple first got engaged back in 2021, the thought of planning a wedding was “like, a lot. It’s a lot,” Kate told ET .

In September 2022, just a year after their engagement, Kate still had “no idea” when the two were going to say “I do.” “We can’t wait but no, not yet,” per US Weekly .

In November 2022, Kate shared that they were still in no rush to walk down the aisle. As far as wedding planning, she said they were just in the “pre-planning” stage. “I mean, I love that man. He’s right over there, hiding, but the last thing we’re doing right now during the holidays is planning anything but the holidays,”she told ET.

Kate offered up another wedding update in February 2023. “Right now, planning a wedding feels insane, but I’m excited to plan a wedding, and I go back and forth between a small wedding and a large wedding,” she shared on the Table for Two podcast .

Because her wedding to her ex-husband Chris Robinson was small, she wanted her wedding to Danny to be “the big bash.” “There’s like two sides to me: the big bash or the small, intimate wedding,” she told Bruce Bozzi, the Table for Two podcast host.

Kate celebrated Danny’s birthday with a sweet post.

On June 10 Kate celebrated her fiancé’s 37th birthday by posting adorable pictures accompanied by the sweetest message on Instagram.

“The most loving, pure, honest, sensitive, brilliant, caring man is 37 today! Happiest Birthday to my love, my partner, my man! I’m so grateful we shacked up together, had a baby and decided to be married…when we have time to plan it 😳🥰People wonder what makes love last…I wonder too! I think there’s a lot of factors but this last slide has to definitely be one. Find someone to get weird with and no, this will not be the direction of my album, this is just what happens in our house when there’s day drinking involved….😆 I love you madly @fujikawadanny HAPPY BIRTHDAY 🎉,” she wrote.



It’s so hard not to adore this power couple!