Alicia Keys has been spotted visiting the iconic Abbey Road Studios in London, sparking speculation about her latest music project.

The 39-year-old singer-songwriter was seen leaving the famous studio, which has been the hub of many legendary music recordings, including those of The Beatles.

According to eyewitnesses, Alicia Keys was in high spirits as she was seen laughing and chatting with staff at the studio. It's believed that she may have been working on new music, possibly for her next album.

Metro.co.uk has obtained a picture of the star leaving the studio, which has sparked a frenzy of interest among her fans.

When asked about the visit, a representative for Alicia Keys simply said that she was "visiting old friends" and didn't elaborate further.

Alicia Keys has been quite busy lately, having recently released a video for her new single, which has been getting a lot of attention on social media.

The video, which features the singer-songwriter performing the song in a dimly lit room, has been praised for its simplicity and emotional depth.

In an interview with Stuff magazine, Alicia Keys discussed the inspiration behind the song, saying that it was born out of a desire to "touch" her fans and connect with them on a deeper level.

When asked about her songwriting process, she revealed that she often finds inspiration in her personal experiences and emotions, saying that she likes to "hear" her own voice and "hear" the voices of others.

It's clear that Alicia Keys is dedicated to her craft and is always looking for new ways to express herself and connect with her fans.

As she continues to work on her latest project, fans are eagerly awaiting the release of new music and a possible showbiz appearance from the talented singer-songwriter.

For now, it seems that Alicia Keys is keeping mum about her plans, but we'll be sure to keep you updated as more information becomes available. In the meantime, check out the picture of Alicia Keys leaving Abbey Road Studios below. 

(A picture of Alicia Keys leaving Abbey Road Studios)

In the meantime, fans can hear Alicia Keys' latest single on video-sharing platforms and streaming services. We've also included a link to her interview with Stuff magazine, where she talks more about her music and songwriting process. 

(A link to the interview and the video) 

Alicia Keys has been a force to be reckoned with in the music industry for over two decades, and it's clear that she's not slowing down anytime soon. We can't wait to see what she has in store for us next. 

For more showbiz news and updates, keep checking back with Metro.co.uk. 

"'ve" Alicia Keys fans been waiting for new music from the talented singer-songwriter, and it looks like their patience may soon be rewarded. 

Stay tuned for more information about Alicia Keys