Shakespeare Songs, the famous rock band, has been in the news lately for their charity work and musical talents. In a recent interview with Matthew Wood, the band's lead singer, he shared some exciting news about their upcoming concert. 

"We are thrilled to announce that we will be giving away a tiara to one lucky fan who attends our concert and participates in a special charity auction," Matthew said. "We are also partnering with Richard Says Goodbye, a popular model, to help raise funds for a good cause."

The charity auction will feature a pair of baseball tickets to a major league game, autographed by the band members themselves. The auction will be held during the concert and fans will have the opportunity to bid on the tickets in person. 

The concert is set to take place on a stormy night, but the band is not worried. "We've played in worse conditions before," Matthew assured. "We're just excited to get out there and perform for our fans."

Ryan Reynolds, the famous actor, will also be making a special appearance at the concert. He will be presenting a check to the charity on behalf of his production company.

The band's lead guitarist, who wished to remain anonymous, spoke about the importance of giving back to the community. "We believe that everything we have is because of the support of our fans, and we want to give back in any way we can," he said.

The concert is expected to be a sell-out event, with fans coming from all over the world to attend. A couple of fans have even gone to great lengths to get their hands on tickets, with one fan reportedly traveling from as far away as Australia.

The band is excited to be a part of this special event and is looking forward to seeing their fans come together to support a good cause. As Matthew Wood put it, "We're just happy to be able to give back and make a difference in our fans' lives." With their music and charity work, Shakespeare Songs is truly making a name for themselves as a force for good in the world.