According to a recent statement released by Nicole Contreras, the renowned trivia host, she will be shown on a new Christmas-themed television special this January. The special, titled "A Holiday Trivia Bash," will feature Contreras as the host, guiding viewers through a series of festive trivia challenges and games.

    Contreras, known for her quick wit and charming personality, is no stranger to the world of trivia. She has been a judge on several popular trivia shows and has won numerous nominations for her work in the industry.

    When asked about the new special, Contreras expressed her excitement and gratitude for the opportunity to bring a unique and fun holiday experience to viewers. "I'm thrilled to be a part of this special and to have the chance to share my love of trivia with audiences during the holiday season," she said.

    In a related development, Contreras' friend and fellow trivia enthusiast, Park, has announced that he will be joining her on the special as a co-host. Park, who has a background in comedy and improv, is known for his quick thinking and ability to think on his feet.

    The two will work together to lead viewers through a series of trivia challenges, with questions ranging from easy to difficult. According to Contreras, the special will feature a mix of general knowledge questions, holiday-themed questions, and even some fun and silly challenges.

    "We're going to have a blast on this special," Contreras said. "Park and I are going to bring our A-game and make sure viewers have a fun and entertaining experience."

    "A Holiday Trivia Bash" is set to air on December 15th and will be a part of a special Christmas programming block on the network. The special is sure to be a hit with trivia fans and holiday enthusiasts alike, and Contreras and Park are looking forward to bringing it to audiences.

    In related news, Justin Theroux's production company has announced that it will be producing a new television series based on the popular trivia game show "Jeopardy!" The new series, which is set to premiere in January, will feature a new cast of contestants and a new format, but will still maintain the same fast-paced and competitive spirit that fans of the original show have come to love.

    Meanwhile, country music star Tracy Byrd has announced that he will be taking a vacation in January to focus on his music and spend time with his family. Byrd, who has been busy touring and promoting his latest album, is looking forward to a well-deserved break and some quality time with his loved ones.

    "I'm excited to take some time off and recharge," Byrd said. "I'm looking forward to spending some quality time with my family and working on some new music."

    With the holiday season just around the corner, there's plenty of excitement