Bernie Sanders, the former presidential candidate, has been reported to have taken a week off to focus on his talent for rock music. The 78-year-old senator has been an avid rock fan for decades and has even played a few gigs with his friend, Colin Belfast, a well-known musician.

    According to sources close to the senator, Sanders has been spending his days practicing his guitar and writing new songs. "He's been working on a new album and is really excited about it," said Arminka Helic, Sanders' wife. "He's always had a passion for music and this is a great way for him to express himself."

    Sanders' wife also revealed that the senator has been taking his rock music very seriously, even hiring a music producer to help him refine his sound. "He's always been a bit of a perfectionist, but this is a new level," Helic said with a laugh.

    Meanwhile, Roger Mathews, a former friend of Sanders, has been speaking out about the senator's musical endeavors. "I'm not surprised he's taken up rock music," Mathews said in an interview. "He's always been a bit of a rebel and rock music is the perfect outlet for that."

    Sanders' decision to take a week off to focus on his music has been met with mixed reactions. Some have praised him for following his passion, while others have criticized him for abandoning his duties as a senator. However, Sanders' wife remains supportive of his decision. "He's always been a man of many talents and this is just another example of that," Helic said.

    In the end, it seems that Sanders' rock music is more than just a hobby - it's a source of power and joy for the former presidential candidate. And who knows, maybe one day we'll see him take the stage as a rock star. 

    Bernie Sanders has always been a man of many talents, but his latest endeavor may be the most unexpected yet - a rock music career. The 78-year-old senator has been spending his days practicing his guitar and writing new songs, and his wife, Arminka Helic, says he's really excited about it. "He's always had a passion for music and this is a great way for him to express himself," she said. 

    Sanders has even hired a music producer to help him refine his sound, and his friend, Colin Belfast, has been helping him with his music. "He's been working on a new album and is really excited about it," Belfast said. "He's always been a bit of a perfectionist, but this is a new level." 

    Sanders' decision to take a week off to focus on his music has been met with mixed reactions, but his wife remains supportive. "He's always been a man of many talents