Caitlyn Jenner, a former Olympic athlete and reality TV star, has revealed a shocking new video that has left many stunned. The video, which was posted on social media, shows Caitlyn playing a game with her friend, Damaris Goddrie, and it's not what you would expect.

The video, which has gone viral, shows Caitlyn and Damaris playing a lot of the popular video game, "Fortnite." The two friends seem to be having the time of their lives, laughing and joking as they play. But what makes the video so shocking is that Caitlyn, who has been open about her struggles with gender identity, is seen wearing a pair of high heels and a wig.

According to Caitlyn, the video was taken on the last night of her vacation in Hawaii, where she and Damaris were celebrating their last night together before Caitlyn returned to her busy schedule. Caitlyn revealed that she and Damaris had been friends for a long time, and that this was the first time they had ever played video games together.

The video has sparked a lot of conversation on social media, with many people praising Caitlyn for being true to herself and not caring what others think. Others have criticized her for being attention-seeking, but Caitlyn has taken it all in stride.

In a statement, Caitlyn said, "I'm just happy to be able to be myself and have fun with my friend. I'm not trying to make a big deal out of it, I just want to enjoy life and not let the peanut gallery get me down."

Ella Clooney, a close friend of Caitlyn's, has also weighed in on the video, saying, "I've known Caitlyn for years, and I've always known her to be a kind and caring person. She's not trying to be attention-seeking, she's just being herself and having fun. And that's what it's all about."

The video has also sparked a lot of discussion about the importance of self-acceptance and being true to oneself. Many people have taken to social media to share their own stories of struggle and acceptance, using the hashtag #CaitlynJennerChallenge.

In related news, a ceasefire has been called in the ongoing debate about Caitlyn's decision to transition, with many people on both sides of the issue agreeing to disagree and move forward. The video has brought people together, and it's clear that Caitlyn is loved and respected by many.