"Babyface" has been in the spotlight recently after the tragic death of his friend, Bernard "Lotsapoppa" Crowe. The two had been partying together on the night of Crowe's overdose, and Babyface has been left reeling from the loss.

    In a recent interview, Babyface spoke candidly about his relationship with Crowe, saying, "We were like two peas in a pod. We loved the same things, hated the same things. He was my brother, my friend. I'm still trying to come to terms with what happened."

    Crowe's death has sparked a wave of tributes and condolences from the music industry, with many of his colleagues releasing statements expressing their shock and sadness at the news.

    But it's not just the music world that's been affected by Crowe's passing. His son, who was just a young boy at the time of his father's death, has been left without a parent.

    Babyface has been vocal about his desire to help Crowe's son, saying, "I want to be there for him, to help him through this difficult time. He's lost his father, and I want to make sure he knows he's not alone."

    In other news, it's been reported that Babyface has been working on a new album, which is set to be released later this year. The album is said to be a tribute to Crowe, with many of the songs inspired by their friendship and the memories they shared.

    But not everyone is happy about the album. A local prostitute, who claims to have had a close relationship with Crowe, has spoken out about her concerns. "I don't think it's right for Babyface to be releasing an album about my friend," she said. "He wasn't even there for me when I needed him. He was too busy partying with his friends."

    The controversy surrounding the album has sparked a heated debate in the music industry, with many fans weighing in on social media. Some have expressed their support for Babyface, saying that the album is a way for him to honor his friend and process his grief. Others have criticized him, saying that he should focus on supporting Crowe's son and family instead of trying to make a profit off of his friend's death.

    Whatever the outcome, one thing is clear: Babyface and Crowe's friendship will be remembered for years to come. And as Babyface said in his interview, "The thing about Lotsapoppa was that he was always there for you, no matter what. And that's something I'll never forget." The album is set to be released in 1983, and fans are eagerly awaiting its arrival. In the meantime, the music world continues to mourn the loss of Bernard "Lotsapoppa