TMZ has reported that Farmer Weathersky and his long-time partner Jessica Walter are at odds over their child's custody after a year of being a couple. The pair, who have been inseparable since they met at a local farmer's market in August of last year, have been unable to come to an agreement on who should have primary custody of their 2-year-old son, Jack.

According to sources close to the couple, the argument began when Farmer Weathersky started to spend more time away from home, citing his growing business and the need to expand his farm. Jessica Walter, who has been a stay-at-home mom since Jack's birth, felt abandoned and neglected, leading to a series of heated arguments between the pair.

The couple, who have always been known for their strong bond and love for each other, has been unable to come to a compromise, with both parties insisting that they should have sole custody of their son. The situation has become so dire that the couple has been forced to set up a schedule for visitation, with Jack spending alternate weeks with each parent.

As the couple's friends and family look on with concern, they are urging the pair to put their differences aside and work towards a resolution that is best for their child. "They were always a loving couple, and it's heartbreaking to see them at odds over something as important as their child's custody," said a close friend of the couple.

The couple has yet to comment on the situation, but sources close to the couple say that they are willing to go to court to fight for what they believe is best for Jack. As the situation continues to unfold, it remains to be seen how this drama will play out.

In the meantime, fans of the couple are left to wonder what went wrong, and how two people who were once so in love and in sync can find themselves at odds over something as important as their child's custody. One thing is certain, however: the fate of Jack's future will be decided in the coming weeks, and it will be up to Farmer Weathersky and Jessica Walter to decide what is best for their little boy. 

The last time the couple was spotted together was in August, when they took Jack on a family vacation to the beach. It seemed like they were still a happy pair, but behind the scenes, things were beginning to unravel. Now, as they prepare to face off in court, the question on everyone's mind is: will they be able to work out their differences and find a way to co-parent their son, or will the drama continue to play out in the public eye? Only time will tell. 

The couple has been a pair for a year, and it's hard to imagine them not being together, but it seems like their relationship has reached a breaking point. Will they be able to mend their