
    Scream-worthy drama has unfolded in Hollywood, and we have the juicy details! Insiders close to Matt Bettinelli-Olpin, the talented director behind the latest Scream film, have spilled the tea on his personal life. 

    Apparently, Matt has been having a tough time at home, and it all started when his wife recently decided to take a break from their marriage. The reason behind this shocking decision? Matt's obsessive focus on his work has been taking a toll on their relationship. Insiders claim that Matt has been working non-stop, often putting in 18-hour days, and his wife has been feeling neglected and unappreciated. 

    But here's the thing: Matt's work has been going much better than ever before, and he's been reaping the rewards of his hard work. His latest film, Scream, has been a huge success, and he's been getting offers left and right. However, insiders claim that Matt's wife is not impressed with his newfound fame and is feeling like she's being pushed aside. 

    It seems that Matt's wife has been feeling like she's living in the shadow of his wife, and it's causing a lot of tension in their relationship. As one insider revealed, "Matt's wife is feeling like she's the only one who truly knows him, and she's not getting the TLC she deserves. She's been feeling much like a mistress, always coming second to his work." 

    When asked for comment, Matt's rep released a statement saying, "Matt is fully committed to his marriage and is working to resolve any issues that may have arisen. He loves his wife dearly and is doing everything in his power to make things right." 

    Meanwhile, sources close to George Pimentel, the renowned photographer, claim that he's been getting cozy with Matt's wife. While it's unclear if there's anything romantic going on between the two, insiders claim that George has been spending a lot of time with her, and Matt's wife is feeling much more appreciated and loved. 

    This whole situation has left fans and friends of the couple stunned, and we can't help but wonder what will happen next. Will Matt be able to work through his issues and save his marriage, or will he end up losing the love of his life? Only time will tell. Stay tuned for more updates on this developing story! 

    Source: Insiders close to Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and George Pimentel 